Scenic roads lead to practically all the natural and historical sights.
Scenic routes begin and end at the parent route.
Scenic shots are preferred.
Many scenic spots absorb many tourists every season in a year.
Scenic stone makes great lapidary material.
All scenic tours leave from here.
Scenic trail encircles the campground, borders creekbank.
Scenic trail ends at Parkway.
Scenic trail rides along the Wichita River.
Scenic trails are suitable for cross country skiing and snowmobiling in winter.
Scenic trails offer hours and hours of snowmobiling pleasure.
Scenic trails offer opportunities for exercise, contemplation and relaxing with nature.
Scenic trails wind through the forest and skirt the lake.
Scenic train rides on a working shortline railroad.
Scenic tram ride to restaurant.
All scenic trips float beside towering mountains and through lush green forests.
Scenic views are common.
Scenic views are high resolution views of special interest.
Scenic views are located in countries.
Scenic views are now history.
Scenic views are plentiful.
Many scenic views are within easy access for visitors and worthy of photographing.
Most scenic views are from the rim trails.
Some scenic views are along the way.
Scenic vistas abound.
Scenic vistas are common toward the north, less frequent to the south.
Scenic vistas range from sagebrush flatland to high, rugged, rocky peaks.
Scenic vistas shift in color and temperament with the seasons.
Scenic walkways link all lots to lakes, river and nature areas.
Scenic windows offer spectacular viewing of birds and other wildlife as they come to food and water.
Scent flowers appear in summer.
Scent flowers emerge in summer.
Scent gland sclerites dark brown.
Scent glands are present but are better developed in males.
Scent glands are present in the anal region.
Scent glands are present on the face and the anus and genital regions.
Scent glands are sacs that open on the skin surface and discharge a strong-smelling secretion.
Scent glands contain pheromone.
Scent glands emit secretion.
Scent glands emit substances that can deter larger predators, but are also effective against ants .
Scent glands give the otters a heavy musky smell.
Scent glands help neonates locate their mothers pouch.
Scent glands help species to recognize one another.
Scent glands produce a strong musky odor.
Scent glands produce liquids.
Scent glands produce musky odor.
Scent glands produce odor.
Scent glands produce smell liquids.
Scent glands produce strong musky odor.
Scent glands produce strong odor.
Scent glands produce strong smell liquids.
Scent glands produce substances.
Scent glands secrete oily substances.
Scent glands secrete smell substances.
Scent glands secrete substances.
Most scent glands contain pheromone.
Most scent glands produce liquids.
Most scent glands produce musky odor.
Most scent glands produce odor.
Most scent glands produce smell liquids.
Most scent glands produce strong musky odor.
Most scent glands produce strong odor.
Most scent glands produce strong smell liquids.
Most scent glands produce substances.
Most scent glands secrete oily substances.
Some scent glands contain chemicals.
Some scent glands emit pheromone.
Some scent glands look like testes.
Some scent glands use for identification.
Scent herbs reduce inflammation.
Scent hounds are independent.
All scent hounds have incredibly acute olfactory skills.
Most scent hounds are pack oriented.
Scent marks are concentrated along the territory boundary and at dens and middens.
Scent marks contain molecules called pheromones.
Scent marking appears to reduce actual contact, and fighting is very unusual.
Scent marking can also communicate sex and reproductive state.
Scent marking is a common feature of otter behavior.
Scent marking is a vital role in the communication of the giant pandas to each other.
Scent marking is an essential component of communication in most nonhuman primates.
Scent marking is an important mode of communication.
Scent marking is done to delineate territorial boundaries and communicate sexual state.
Scent marking is imperative for intergroup communication.
Scent marking is important in advertising territory boundaries and willingness to mate.
Scent marking is prevalent, e.g. males seek and urinate on urine deposits made by estrous females.
Scent marking is primarily through dung middens.
Scent marking is used to delineate territories.
Scent marking is very important sustained by rubbing branches with the crotch, forehead and hands.
Scent marking is very traditional, indicating very stable home ranges.
Scent markings are left in the area of the home range that overlaps with other groups' home ranges.
Scent markings are therefore well developed.
Scent markings pass information such as sexual readiness.
Scent also leaves a trail of chum.
Scent attracts bees.
Scent attracts moths.
Scent attracts or repels almost every creature on earth.
Scent attracts pollinators that feed on decaying carcasses.
Scent attracts predators.
Scent can be a powerful tool to lure shoppers and sell merchandise.
Scent can be unreliable when the ground is too dry or covered in snow.
Scent can cling or be diffused, depending on the wind, weather, terrain, or humidity.
Scent can originate from several plant parts but is often associated with the flowers.
Scent comes next.
Scent comes through screened holes.
Scent creates atmosphere and attracts attention.
Scent determines color.
Scent disappears and dog continues hunting.
Scent does seem to play a role though, they report.
Scent enhances atmospheres, moods, characters and objects.
Scent fills nostrils.
Scent flaps for additional scent control.
Scent glands Huge preorbital glands opening in bull's eye of naked black skin.
Scent has influence in the bonding process as well.
Scent helps headaches.
Scent holds well in soap.
Scent hounds sniff the ground at every opportunity.
Scent hounds work with police.
Scent is a better barrier.
Scent is a powerful force.
Scent is a powerful motivator for cats.
Scent is a very effective means of communication for wolves.
Scent is a very strong factor in terms of territory in the animal world.
Scent is also a powerful tool.
Scent is also an important component of cat communication.
Scent is also important.
Scent is an ancient signalling system.
Scent is another aspect of territorial scratching.
Scent is another consideration.
Scent is basic.
Scent is biggie with kitties.
Scent is carried by moisture in the air, so the greater the humidity, the stronger the scent.
Scent is caused by oily secretion.
Scent is caused by secretion.
Scent is controlled at another unlinked locus with scented being dominant to non-scented.
Scent is delicate.
Scent is deposited on the feces as it is eliminated.
Scent is distinctive.
Scent is fragile under most circumstances, but it can be durable depending on conditions.
Scent is important in the bonding process for all animals.
Scent is more a part of life than many realize.
Scent is one method, another is physical appearance.
Scent is particularly important in food selection for snakes.
Scent is pleasantly 'cedar-like'.
Scent is processed in the limbic system of the brain, the seat of memory and emotion.
Scent is prominent in the flowers however permeate the entire plant.
Scent is pungent.
Scent is smell
Scent is smell.
Scent is subjective and is described by each person as either good or bad.
Scent is the final frontier.
Scent is the operative word here.
Scent is the primary mode of communication for giant pandas.
Scent is used as one of their most important forms of communication.
Scent is used to communicate to other beavers that an area is occupied.
Scent is usually the first thing people notice.
Scent is very important to animals in the wild because they use their sense of smell to hunt.
Scent is very powerful and unforgettable.
Scent is water soluble.
Scent isa smell.
Scent markings outside of burrows seem to signal where an animal is in the dominance hierarchy.
Scent mounds mark their territory and let other beavers know that the area is occupied.
Scent percolates up through air pockets in the snow in a cone-shaped pattern.
Scent plays a very important part in their lives.
Scent plays a vital role in cat behavior and their sense of territory.
Scent plays an important part in courtship, with both animals sniffing each other.
Scent plays an important part in the social hierarchy too.
Scent plays an important role in lupine communications.
Scent plays an important role in our lives and has since ancient times.
Scent plays an important role in the establishment and maintenance of territories and colonies.
Scent preferences Western notions of aesthetically pleasing fragrances are by no means universal.
Scent ranks first because it ranges great distances in water.
Scent serves purposes.
Scent tends to be a fruity and sweet.
Scent varies from brand to brand and bottle to bottle, but can be really nice.
Scents actually have a function, usually for pollination by insects.
Scents are appropriate for Bast.
Scents are delicate or vibrant to appease every pallette.
Scents are detected by the large number of sensory cells on a membrane in the nostrils.
Scents are different and some are more focused and concentrated for one type of insect or another.
Scents are highly volatile molecules which detach themselves from their source and float in the air.
Scents are natural essential oils.
Scents are non-toxic and can be mixed over and over.
Scents are normal, people.
Scents are quite purposeful when trigging memories.
Scents are responsible for love at first sight, instant dislike, and more.
Scents are strong and made with the finest ingredients.
Scents are the old hair-tonic salesmen all over again.
Scents are the souls of flowers and are the very essence of the garden.
Scents are true to the name and description.
Scents can be a cure for what ails.
Scents can bring back powerful, long forgotten memories.
Scents can have a very powerful effect on our body, mind, and spirit.
Scents can help in creating a preferred state of mind and relaxation.
Scents can induce an amazing power as they influence our moods.
Scents can trigger memories of tastes or sights.
Scents communicate instantaneously.
Scents deny the passage of time, the extinction of the past.
Scents give wolves sort of an information superhighway to navigate around their territories.
Scents help define a person.
Scents hints There are different types of scents that can be used in candle making.
Scents offers body care and bath products, aroma therapies and candles.
Scents provide a link to memory and emotions.
Scents seem to influence sexual attraction in humans.
Scents smell so much better and last so much longer than any others.
Scents smell stronger when warm.
All scents are available as perfumes.
All scents are duty free and available throughout the islands.
All scents are safe for use in wax candles.
All scents have bite stimulants added.
Most scent attracts bees.
Most scent attracts moths.
Most scent attracts predators.
Most scent fills nostrils.
Most scent helps headaches.
Most scent is caused by oily secretion.
Most scent is caused by secretion.
Most scent serves purposes.
Most scents are lotion and soap safe.
Most scents are uplifting and calm the nervous system.
Most scents contain enough alcohol to harm and kill a child after ingesting only a few swallows.
Some scent attracts animals.
Some scent attracts beetles.
Some scent attracts individuals.
Some scent attracts insects.
Some scent attracts wasps.
Some scent attracts weasels.
Some scent comes from glands.
Some scent comes from microscopic glands.
Some scent comes from oil glands.
Some scent glands secrete fluid.
Some scent glands secrete musks.
Some scent glands secrete oil.
Some scent leads predators.
Some scent offers information.
Some scents are slightly stronger sexual attractants than others.
Some scents attract.
Some scents encourage activity and alertness, while others help people relax and unwind.
Some scents produce rolling, others rubbing or scratching, and so on.
Some scents remain the same.
Scented candles add so much to a bathroom.
Scented candles are more likely to produce soot than unscented candles.
Scented candles are the best to use.
Scented candles burn long into the night.
Scented candles burn.
Scented candles glowing in bathrooms and bedrooms transforms the room into a fascinating experience.
Scented candles help consumers feel relaxed, refreshed and calm.
Scented candles perfume the polished lobby.
Scented flowers appear repeatedly throughout the summer.
Scented flowers attract insects as pollinators.
Scented geraniums are also available.
Scented geraniums are also edible.
Scented geraniums are fun to grow in Austin, Texas.
Scented geraniums are great container plants and are striking grown as topiaries.
Scented geraniums are native to South Africa and so a hard freeze can harm the plant.
Scented geraniums are notoriously hard to start.
Scented geraniums are tender, shrubby perennials that are grown as annuals in Illinois.
Scented geraniums are the ideal choice for container culture.
Scented geraniums have glands at the base of their leaf hairs, where the scent is formed.
Scented geraniums make fabulous air fresheners.
Scented geraniums offer a remarkable range of fragrance.
Scented lotions are also available in a more limited range of fragrances.
Scented oil is added to melted, highly-refined paraffin wax in order to scent candle throughout.
Scented oil is applied to the face and naivedya isoffered.
Scented oils are a very nice touch.
Scented oils can help warn the dog of the presence of a wall or furniture as it approaches.
Scented stickers depict the flavours of the gumdrops.
Scented tea is made by mixing green tea with flower petals through an elaborate process.
Scented teas are mixed with dried flower petals and essential oils.
Scented toiletries stand ready by the mirror on an intricately carved pine shelf.
Scented water is thrown onto it.
Scentometer odor ranks historically associated with serious nuisance odors.
Scentometer odor ranks historically associated with the start of complaints.
A scepter is sovereignty
Scepter includes terminal board with hardware, tab lock, cap, and integrated vent.
Scepters are common in some cavities, and tabular Japan law twins occur in others.
A sceptic is an intellectual
Sceptics abound inside government as well as outside.
Sceptics are free to smile and wallow smugly in their doubts.
Sceptics are negative by definition.
Sceptics argue that the American pyramids are very much unlike the ones in Egypt.
Sceptics argue the animals are a figment of people's imagination.
Sceptics attribute the effect of homeopathy to that of placebo.
Sceptics deny the existence of extrasensory senses.
Sceptics describe it as a chemical reaction in the human brain.
Sceptics dismiss it, but more and more people are turning to psychics for help.
Sceptics point out that it is in everyone's interests for the licence fees to be high.
Sceptics point to potential problems.
Sceptics remain sceptical.
Sceptics reserve their strongest feelings for the stress management industry.
Sceptics say dealing with Pyongyang, whether politically or commercially, has never been easy.
Sceptics say no . . .
Sceptics say that the evidence so far points to only limited interoperability.
Sceptics say the real objective is joining an enlarged, independent Kosovo.
Sceptics still question the validity of many of the patents granted.
Sceptics often see the success as being purely attributable to a placebo effect.
Sceptics usually pose as persons of unusual mentality.
Many sceptics actively investigate miracle claims to see if there is evidence.
Many sceptics doubt the future of the automobile industry in such a changing world.
Sceptical challenges are thus of no epistemological importance.
Sceptical doubt is the fetter in the mind when the clarity which comes from a path moment is absent.
A scepticism is content
Scepticism becomes a useful way of expressing one's feelings, especially hatred.
Scepticism eventually leads to barrenness.
Scepticism is a matter of doubt rather than denial.
Scepticism is all about matching belief to evidence.
Scepticism is an essential element in the scientific method.
Scepticism is associated with incredulity.
Scepticism is in order about the declared motives of both sides.
Scepticism is the beginning of faith.
Scepticism survives in some quarters.
Scepticism often prevails.
Sceptre crystals are an oddity and somewhat rare.
Schacht raddles can also fit most looms.
Schedulable actions can include the derivation of new goals or plans locally or at other agents.
Schedulable properties allow network control by time of day and day of week.
Schedule D looks more complicated than it actually is to fill out.
Schedule D looks more complicated to fill out than it actually is.
Schedule delays are again on the list of issues to be discussed.
Schedule delays are most often a result of a font situation.
Schedules of reinforcement are important in maintaining behavior.
Schedule time is also an issue, as there are many major label releases waiting for review as well.
Schedule times are approximate.
Schedule times are subject to change in order to operate with the maximum number of riders per trip.
Schedule times are subject to change without notice.
Schedule times given in the abstract volume are subject to change without prior notice.
Schedule times shown are approximate.
All schedule times are subject to change without notice.
A schedule is a program
Schedule above is subject to change without notice.
Schedule adjustments daily evenings.
Schedule allows for rest and reflection.
Schedule are always subject to change.
Schedule are available at all campuses.
Schedule assessments with families.
Schedule assessments with patients and health assessment core.
Schedule below is subject to change without notice.
Schedule below is subject to change.
Schedule block out periods during homeworks hours.
Schedule breaks during homework when necessary.
Schedule breaks for session participants between speakers and panels.
Schedule breaks so that participants can make phone calls or just relax for a few minutes.
Schedule breaks throughout the day.
Schedule call back.
Schedule can be flexible.
Schedule changes between quarters tend to be minor and mostly confined to weekends.
Schedule changes daily according to advisor's administrative duties and meetings.
Schedule changes daily.
Schedule changes for returning students are to be initiated prior to the last day of school.
Schedule changes frequently.
Schedule changes monthly.
Schedule changes periodically to include some nights, weekends, and holidays.
Schedule classes well in advance, at regular intervals, and hold classes as scheduled.
Schedule click above to register.
Schedule click here.
Schedule comes out monthly.
Schedule consists of string orchestra rehearsals, sectionals, and technique classes.
Schedule dates subject to change.
Schedule deferments for estimated financial aid payments.
Schedule details the basics topics and list of assignments, quizzes, and tests.
Schedule downloads for low bandwidth times or whenever.
Schedule errands during non-peak times.
Schedule examinees over the phone and in-person via a sophisticated scheduling program.
Schedule exercise around a routine task.
Schedule exercise regularly.
Schedule exercises paying attention to work schedules of both men and women.
Schedule fall furnace inspections now.
Schedule fluctuates with business and weather demands.
Schedule follow up meetings to assist the employee in keeping on track with their goals.
Schedule follow up with the employee.
Schedule follows school calendar year.
Schedule further followup contacts as indicated.
Schedule helps reservists track pay dates Release No.
Schedule indicate tasks, quarterly report submission and final report submission dates.
Schedule is always subject to change.
Schedule is approximate and subject to change due to seasonal imponderables.
Schedule is approximate and subject to revision.
Schedule is available in large print, braille or cassette.
Schedule is available.
Schedule is below.
Schedule is feasible.
Schedule is in Central Time.
Schedule is in the packet.
Schedule is negotiable.
Schedule is on the web.
Schedule is on track.
Schedule is online.
Schedule is primarily evenings and weekends, based on event requirements.
Schedule is schedule.
Schedule is with a browser that supports frames.
Schedule isa idea.
Schedule isa thought.
Schedule juveniles to complete their mandatory hours at local sites and follow-up on their progress.
Schedule lectures in a classroom.
Schedule now accepts quiet and continue parameters with the cancel option.
Schedule packing with the mover a day or two before the moving van is loaded.
Schedule payments up to a year in advance, or schedule variable and recurring payments.
Schedule payments up to one year in advance.
Schedule play time into every day.
Schedule play time.
Schedule provides the semester's schedule of day time classes.
Schedule purchases to encourage quick state turnaround in state aid.
Schedule ranges of dates at one time.
Schedule recall appointments with our dental office as indicated.
Schedule reinforces every occurrence of the desired behavior.
Schedule return patient appointments when necessary.
Schedule reverses in the winter.
Schedule review time - small pieces of time can be used as review sessions.
Schedule revisions regularly, and inform users in advance.
Schedule runs by time of day, day of week, and date range.
Schedule seminars around the U.S.A. Call for details.
Schedule sets No recruiters assigned.
Schedule shown is the normal weekly schedule.
Schedule shown is the published sequence.
Schedule study around fixed blocks of time.
Schedule sweeps during the best weather of the year.
Schedule takes shape.
Schedule then executes the actions.
Schedule treatments around a favorite TV show.
Schedule treatments to be most effective and least disruptive to naturally existing pest predators.
Schedule trips home to coincide with professional conferences, seminars, or lectures.
Schedule upgrade time and date.
Schedule varies but includes at least one weekend day per week.
Schedule varies by department.
Schedule varies by season.
Schedule varies by semester.
Schedule varies by term.
Schedule visits to the field for the ministerial staff.
Schedule wake up calls, reminder calls, group notifications and lots more.
Schedule walks and outdoor playtime for cool mornings and evenings.
Schedule walks before or after dinner, and on weekend mornings.
Schedule work and follow up in all aspects.
Schedule work during cooler periods of the day.
Schedule work in the client's presence.
Schedule work to avoid boredom which can add to fatigue.
Schedules also change between sessions and for summer.
Schedules also vary as some are more accommodating to full time, working adults.
Schedules also vary during the early and late weeks of the season.
Schedules also vary for exams.
Schedules appeal cases and notifies all interested parties.
Schedules appears in the conference brochure.
Schedules apply to both paper and electronic records, and special media.
Schedules are about time and effort.
Schedules are also an important factor down the stretch.
Schedules are also available at the front desk.
Schedules are also available at the information counter .
Schedules are also available at the North Haven campus.
Schedules are also available from individual library branches.
Schedules are also available in local libraries and other public facilities.
Schedules are also available in many banks, food stores, libraries, colleges, and senior centers.
Schedules are also available in most major campus buildings.
Schedules are also available on a Web page , but they're hard to read.
Schedules are also available on line .
Schedules are also available on the web.
Schedules are also available on the website.
Schedules are also available online.
Schedules are also available to all listeners who pledge monetary support to our efforts.
Schedules are also available via Content Area .
Schedules are also downloadable.
Schedules are also in place to phase out other ozone-depleting substances.
Schedules are also on the web .
Schedules are always tentative and subject to changes.
Schedules are an important aspect of competitive team sports.
Schedules are approximate estimations, yet are frequently updated.
Schedules are as follows.
Schedules are at the college registrar's or student dean's offices.
Schedules are available a few weeks before semesters begin.
Schedules are available approximately six weeks before the semester begins.
Schedules are available approximately two months before the course begins.
Schedules are available around campus as well as on the shuttles.
Schedules are available around town.
Schedules are available as well as other information about the festival.
Schedules are available at all gift shops.
Schedules are available at all libraries and on the library's website.
Schedules are available at any branch library.
Schedules are available at area banks, libraries and businesses, or at the center.
Schedules are available at community locations, by phone or through the mail.
Schedules are available at locations throughout campus.
Schedules are available at the beginning of each academic year.
Schedules are available at the beginning of the academic year.
Schedules are available at the center.
Schedules are available at the gatehouse, park office or at the nature center.
Schedules are available at the Gateway.
Schedules are available at the library circulation desk or here .
Schedules are available at the library.
Schedules are available at the middle school.
Schedules are available at the senior center which is on both routes.
Schedules are available each quarter in departments.
Schedules are available for all tours listed, while results are available for selected tours.
Schedules are available for each day.
Schedules are available for each sport.
Schedules are available for South Australia, Northern Territory and Western Australia .
Schedules are available for the following programs during the summer season.
Schedules are available for the following summer programs .
Schedules are available for the following types of cases.
Schedules are available for the workshops that are open for registration.
Schedules are available for weekdays and weekends.
Schedules are available from the office.
Schedules are available in large type upon request.
Schedules are available in the courthouse lobby.
Schedules are available in the grade school office.
Schedules are available in the lobbies of both buildings.
Schedules are available in the reception area.
Schedules are available in the school's main office.
Schedules are available in the spring.
Schedules are available monthly at the arena.
Schedules are available now at the Newark Center office.
Schedules are available now.
Schedules are available on buses, at libraries and at some hotels.
Schedules are available on each bus, at libraries and at locations throughout the city.
Schedules are available on the bus and at libraries, supermarkets and information centers.
Schedules are available on the bus.
Schedules are available on the campus bus website .
Schedules are available on the site.
Schedules are available on the Web and are updated frequently.
Schedules are available online.
Schedules are available on-site.
Schedules are available upon request and are subject to change.
Schedules are available upon request.
Schedules are available within several different calendars.
Schedules are available.
Schedules are below.
Schedules are contingent upon weather.
Schedules are convenient and prices are very affordable.
Schedules are created for the students, so they know where to go throughout the day.
Schedules are currently under construction.
Schedules are dependent on the weather.
Schedules are dependent upon weather and load factors.
Schedules are different, too.
Schedules are difficult to manage.
Schedules are documents.
Schedules are due to change with vacations over and children going back to school.
Schedules are effectiveSept.
Schedules are erratic.
Schedules are essentially forecasts of who needs to be where and when.
Schedules are evening and weekends during school year, full day during summer.
Schedules are extremely flexible.
Schedules are far too restrictive, too un-natural.
Schedules are fares change on a regular basis.
Schedules are final one week before the actual on-campus interview.
Schedules are flexible - days, evenings, even some weekends.
Schedules are flexible and allow children to change activities at their own pace.
Schedules are flexible and application deadlines are filled on a rolling basis.
Schedules are flexible and are determined collaboratively by the intern and mentor.
Schedules are flexible and based on the hours the library is open.
Schedules are flexible and on an as needed basis.
Schedules are flexible and participants experience several different homestays during a trip.
Schedules are flexible and seasonal with no experience necessary.
Schedules are flexible and short and long-term fitness center memberships are available.
Schedules are flexible and the school is conveniently located about ten minutes from downtown.
Schedules are flexible and time commitments vary.
Schedules are flexible and training is provided.
Schedules are flexible and vary according to teaching load.
Schedules are flexible but usually require at least one day a week for two weeks each month.
Schedules are flexible once training has been completed.
Schedules are flexible to accommodate school and other commitments.
Schedules are flexible to accommodate students' curricular needs.
Schedules are flexible to accommodated part time work.
Schedules are flexible to make life easier.
Schedules are flexible to meet individual needs.
Schedules are flexible with advance coordination.
Schedules are flexible with advance notice.
Schedules are flexible with no minimum commitment of hours or length of service.
Schedules are flexible within the above times.
Schedules are flexible, and subject to change without notice.
Schedules are flexible, but volunteers are asked to work at least two hours a week for six months.
Schedules are flexible, classes are small of twenty five people or less.
Schedules are flexible, depending on the individual's needs.
Schedules are flexible, however, with advance notice.
Schedules are flexible, people are accessible.
Schedules are flexible, there is no time commitment and the personal rewards are many.
Schedules are flexible, with days, evenings and weekends available.
Schedules are flexible.
Schedules are for man- ager's toadies.
Schedules are for manager's toadies.
Schedules are for managers' toadies.
Schedules are for the office.
Schedules are for touring series and Special events only.
Schedules are good.
Schedules are here .
Schedules are highly variable from school to school.
Schedules are in pdf format.
Schedules are in place to phase out other ozone-depleting substances.
Schedules are in the back of the church.
Schedules are in the lobby.
Schedules are in the local newspapers.
Schedules are in the mail.
Schedules are individualized.
Schedules are liable to change without notice.
Schedules are lists.
Schedules are located in bus stops.
Schedules are located in train stations.
Schedules are made on a first come, first serve basis.
Schedules are more compact.
Schedules are more flexible, with a new session beginning every few weeks or months.
Schedules are more or less adhered to.
Schedules are negotiable.
Schedules are norms.
Schedules are now available .
Schedules are now available online.
Schedules are now available.
Schedules are now more compressed.
Schedules are now online .
Schedules are often irregular and include evenings, weekends and holidays.
Schedules are on-going.
Schedules are on-line.
Schedules are online.
Schedules are open to all areas of educators.
Schedules are optional.
Schedules are part of the overhead involved with communications.
Schedules are posted on each teams link.
Schedules are predictable and stable but flexible enough to change when circumstances dictate it.
Schedules are prepared for each camper and posted in their cabin.
Schedules are printable and short reviews are available.
Schedules are readily available in a variety of places.
Schedules are relatively consistent from day to day so children know what to expect.
Schedules are rigid and base on adults' rather than children's needs.
Schedules are seasonal and based on each theme park's hours of operation.
Schedules are selectable by route number and from a system map.
Schedules are semi-flexible.
Schedules are shown by the date they are posted and only the current schedule is posted.
Schedules are sometimes erratic.
Schedules are subject to change according to demand and the weather.
Schedules are subject to change and all classes require pre-registration.
Schedules are subject to change and are superseded by posted schedules.
Schedules are subject to change at any time.
Schedules are subject to change based on demand and testing delays.
Schedules are subject to change based on weather conditions and service needs.
Schedules are subject to change by the supervisor.
Schedules are subject to change depending on inclement weather and or high river flows.
Schedules are subject to change depending on the school schedule.
Schedules are subject to change depending on weather and visitation.
Schedules are subject to change due to cargo and weather.
Schedules are subject to change due to inclement weather or emergencies.
Schedules are subject to change due to season and weather.
Schedules are subject to change due to special events.
Schedules are subject to change due to student demand and faculty availability.
Schedules are subject to change due to upcoming tournaments or members' schedules.
Schedules are subject to change due to weather, . .etc.
Schedules are subject to change during final exams.
Schedules are subject to change during poor weather.
Schedules are subject to change to accommodate conflicts.
Schedules are subject to change with notice.
Schedules are subject to change without notice please check with the theater.
Schedules are subject to change without notice.
Schedules are subject to change without prior notice.
Schedules are subject to change, and many times overtime is required.
Schedules are subject to change, but are usually updated twice a year.
Schedules are subject to change, depending on demand, availability of staff, and holidays.
Schedules are subject to change, especially on or near holidays.
Schedules are subject to change, particularly with regard to instructor.
Schedules are subject to change, please call for details.
Schedules are subject to change, so pick up a copy at the start of each semester.
Schedules are subject to change, so please contact the chapter representative for further details.
Schedules are subject to change, so stay in touch for the latest information.
Schedules are subject to change.
Schedules are subject to changes.
Schedules are subject to government approval.
Schedules are subject to last-minute changes.
Schedules are tentative and subject to change, particularly in later months.
Schedules are tentative the farther out from the present.
Schedules are tentative.
Schedules are therefore poor motivators in general.
Schedules are tight, and any bumps in the road can only serve to increase tension.
Schedules are tight.
Schedules are to be determined by individual preceptors as are call or weekend responsibilities.
Schedules are to be sent before the week begins.
Schedules are to be updated each day.
Schedules are totally flexible.
Schedules are under development and professional moving services are being recruited.
Schedules are uneven, with some divisions noticeably weaker than others.
Schedules are unpredictable.
Schedules are unpublished and subject to change without notice.
Schedules are Up, delayed due to a dispute and the non-submitted match.
Schedules are updated weekly for dates two weeks in advance.
Schedules are usually available before registration.
Schedules are usually final two days prior to the interview date.
Schedules are valuable for many reasons.
Schedules are varied depending on call volume and activity.
Schedules are very flexible, from as little as once a month to as often as every day.
Schedules are very flexible.
Schedules are very hectic and emergencies arise, so be understanding.
Schedules are very tight.
Schedules are working tools for program planning, evaluation and control.
Schedules assist Specifiers achieve desired outcomes.
Schedules automatically roll over from year to year.
Schedules become hectic during the holidays.
Schedules become more important to family stability and a baby's well-being as time passes.
Schedules Below are the schedules for the indicated quarters.
Schedules break down nationwide.
Schedules can and do change.
Schedules can appear in either text or graphical formats.
Schedules can be flexible and special training is offered.
Schedules can begin on any day of the week.
Schedules can change and holiday tickets can sell out.
Schedules can change and HRD course offerings can expand.
Schedules can change so consult trip department instructions for final times.
Schedules can change.
Schedules can even be hard to locate, no less to read.
Schedules can pose a problem, but there is always a solution.
Schedules can range from every other week to every three months.
Schedules can start, advance, pause, or cancel according to sensor input from the field.
Schedules can vary and reservations are recommended.
Schedules can vary, call for details.
Schedules change constantly.
Schedules change each semester.
Schedules change frequently.
Schedules change half-yearly, and price changes depend on mandatory public hearings.
Schedules change on holidays.
Schedules change weekly.
Schedules change with school vacation weeks, holidays and over the summer vacation period.
Schedules change with the seasons.
Schedules Check out the schedules for the latest on the baseball, basketball and football programs.
Schedules combine day, evening and weekend shifts.
Schedules contains the high level schedules for the project.
Schedules continue full-time or longer.
Schedules control the occurrence of certain services and the use of particular resources.
Schedules dates for on-campus interviews.
Schedules define access to Web sites and computers by time of day or day of the week.
Schedules depend on ages.
Schedules depend on the newspaper's deadlines.
Schedules determine when employees work.
Schedules do change, so please check with the host upon one hour prior to the show.
Schedules do flex due to weather conditions and location.
Schedules do vary so please see our updates for current information.
Schedules expand to hold an unlimited amount of data.
Schedules Explain the purpose of schedules.
Schedules fill up quickly, especially during busy weekends.
Schedules Find out which band is playing where and what movie is playing when.
Schedules fit the groups offering a wide variety to choose from.
Schedules follow the tides.
Schedules give requirements for closets, pan cabinets and pans.
Schedules go out the window.
Schedules have a motivating influence on most people.
Schedules have characteristics.
Schedules have response characteristics.
Schedules have to be changed to provide time.
Schedules have to be made to fit the demands of the testing cycle.
Schedules have to be meshed.
Schedules have to be reworked to keep up with changing conditions.
Schedules have to change.
Schedules have unique characteristics.
Schedules here are kinda crazy.
Schedules include breakfasts.
Schedules include light breakfasts.
Schedules includes schedules for the current and remaining plays in the season.
Schedules involve hiking, crafts, games, s-mores, and campfire songs, just to name a few activities.
Schedules list environmental values and objectives for Trinity Inlet waters and definitions.
Schedules list the dates and times for individual programs on selected channels.
Schedules list the day's free concerts, ballet performances, and mime, acrobatic, and puppet shows.
Schedules Lists the string descriptions of schedules for the current request.
Schedules look lighter than they really are.
Schedules make guests switch partners and topics of conversation.
Schedules outlining refund procedures follow.
Schedules permitting, some members go to lunch after the meeting.
Schedules posted in labs are official schedules.
Schedules printed here are subject to change without notice.
Schedules Produce a master schedule for each student, instructor, room or course.
Schedules provide summaries of course contents, with detailed agendas for popular courses.
Schedules provide the basis for controlling and monitoring resources in all project phases.
Schedules reflect a humane approach to housestaff training.
Schedules remain open as long as time slots are available.
Schedules require many employees to work on the actual holiday.
Schedules revolve around the disabled member.
Schedules Scroll down to see individual sport teams below.
Schedules See the list of lectures and their presenters.
Schedules seem to come out differently that what is submitted.
Schedules serve a couple of purposes.
Schedules shift assignments of uniformed police officers in accordance with established policies.
Schedules show elements.
Schedules show hours of operation and are posted outside the lab.
Schedules slip, and quality is sacrificed.
Schedules tend to get thrown off, often requiring last minute adjustments.
Schedules tend to look lighter than they really are.
Schedules Use the form below to search for particular dates and types of events.
Schedules vary according to project.
Schedules vary according to space availability, sufficient reservations, weather and sea conditions.
Schedules vary according to the convenience of the driver and the client.
Schedules vary according to the needs and abilities of students in different levels.
Schedules vary according to the quarter.
Schedules vary according to time availability and work-study awards.
Schedules vary and drivers are reimbursed for the miles they drive.
Schedules vary and reservations are required for brunch, lunch or dinner cruises.
Schedules vary at each location.
Schedules vary based upon student arts interests.
Schedules vary but mailings are generally done weekday mornings .
Schedules vary but whale watch cruises usually run in the mornings and afternoons.
Schedules vary by store and by hours to meet the needs of the customers.
Schedules vary by the specific job.
Schedules vary depending on the duties assigned to each student.
Schedules vary depending on the rotation.
Schedules vary depending on the season.
Schedules vary depending on time of day.
Schedules vary depending on type of class and program.
Schedules vary during intercession.
Schedules vary during the rest of year, so call first.
Schedules vary during the summer.
Schedules vary each day.
Schedules vary each semester.
Schedules vary for each route.
Schedules vary from crew to crew.
Schedules vary from daily to monthly.
Schedules vary from department to department.
Schedules vary from one location to another.
Schedules vary from place to place.
Schedules vary from position to position, as do hours per week.
Schedules vary from school to school.
Schedules vary from sector to sector.
Schedules vary from site to site.
Schedules vary greatly in the level and depth of description and in quality.
Schedules vary only slightly, if at all, from year to year.
Schedules vary ranging from four to eight flights a day depending on the season.
Schedules vary seasonally and new opportunities are always just around the corner.
Schedules vary significantly across locales.
Schedules vary so call for more information.
Schedules vary so call.
Schedules vary so check carefully.
Schedules vary so please check with the golf course .
Schedules vary somewhat between the two campuses.
Schedules vary throughout district.
Schedules vary weekly and include office and weekend work.
Schedules vary widely so some weeks, or semesters, there can be more students around than others.
Schedules vary with demand during week.
Schedules vary with individual employers.
Schedules vary with the season.
Schedules vary with the seasons.
Schedules vary, as do itineraries.
Schedules vary, please call for information.
Schedules vary, please call for more information.
Schedules work by trade and prioritizes work as necessary.
Schedules work for special and periodic inventories.
Schedules work for stationary engineers, plant electricians, and electronic technicians.
Schedules work reviews and updates techniques as required.
Schedules work to assure that the laboratory operates at peak efficiency at all times.
Schedules work to insure instructional materials are ready when needed.
Schedules work to meet completion dates and technical specifications.
Schedules Work weekly rotating shifts including nights, weekends, and holidays.
Schedules always seem to conflict.
Schedules often prevent many people from finding time to attend class.
Schedules often vary greatly from day to day, as well as seasonally.
Schedules sometimes change.
Schedules sometimes list times using both methods.
All schedule are subject to alteration with or without notice.
All schedule change fees and late registration fees begin the sixth day of the quarter.
All schedules are available in Adobe Acrobat reader format.
All schedules are avalible for view .
All schedules are dependent on the weather.
All schedules are estimates.
All schedules are final as published.
All schedules are final unless changed by the tournament committee.
All schedules are flexible to accommodate prior reservations.
All schedules are fully editable.
All schedules are guidelines.
All schedules are in Adobe Acrobat pdf format.
All schedules are in Eastern Standard Time.
All schedules are individual.
All schedules are now available.
All schedules are subject to change at anytime without notice.
All schedules are subject to change based upon changing passenger demand.
All schedules are subject to change due to future special programs and other unforseen events.
All schedules are subject to change without notice.
All schedules are subject to change, so check back to see the latest version.
All schedules are subject to change, weather permitting.
All schedules are subject to change.
All schedules are subject to last minute changes.
All schedules are subject to modification without prior notice.
All schedules are tenative.
All schedules are tentative and subject to change.
All schedules are tentative and subject to weather.
All schedules are tentative until confirmed.
All schedules are tentative.
All schedules are to be filled out by the program director.
All schedules are to be reported in thousands of dollars.
All schedules contained in prior editions are, in their entirety, null and void.
All schedules exclude cleaning on holidays.
All schedules here are unofficial.
All schedules posted on the website are tentative and subject to change.
Any schedule changes in lessons, duties and supervision coverage.
Any schedule is frozen at least three days prior to the start of that particular revolution.
Every schedule has an application.
Every schedule is designed so that every team plays every other team.
Every schedule is more full.
Many schedules are half open and half closed.
Many schedules fail because of a lack of flexibility.
More schedules are coming soon, please check back often.
Most schedules also change during the summer months.
Most schedules are flexible, depending on the individual departments.
Most schedules are flexible.
Most schedules are tight, deadlines are crucial.
Most schedules contain all information necessary for placing orders directly with the contractor.
Most schedules depend on ages.
Most schedules give mileages between airports.
Most schedules have characteristics.
Most schedules have general audience movies.
Most schedules have response characteristics.
Most schedules have unique characteristics.
Some schedule visits right before a new school year begins.
Some schedules are available at the Subway navigator .
Some schedules are available on-line .
Some schedules are Open and available for sign up immediately.
Some schedules are presented in tables.
Some schedules are still under construction.
Some schedules avoid weekend flying, some are mostly nights.
Some schedules extend to more than one sheet of paper.
Some schedules have date restrictions.
Some schedules have the correct date, others the original date.
Some schedules require an overnight stay en route.
Some schedules require viewing software.
Some schedules retain flexibility.
Some schedules support choices.
Some schedules support food choices.
Scheduled activities are limited to only two scheduled activities and two devices per schedule.
Scheduled activities are open to all students.
Scheduled activities center on learning, recreation, socialization, sports and wellness.
Scheduled activities have priority on range usage.
Scheduled activities See folder for details including price lists and floor plans.
Scheduled airlines have a more generous luggage allowance than charter flights.
Scheduled airport pick up and return.
Scheduled appointments are also available.
Scheduled appointments are also welcome.
Scheduled appointments are available during prearranged hours.
Scheduled appointments are desirable, as they allow staff to prepare.
Scheduled appointments are important, even if the patient appears to be doing extremely well.
Scheduled appointments are necessary for on-going assistance.
Scheduled appointments are necessary.
Scheduled appointments are preferred.
Scheduled appointments are the second and most common way to visit with an advisor.
Scheduled appointments have priority over walk-in visits.
Scheduled appointments receive top priority for service.
Scheduled appointments take precedence over walk- in clients.
Scheduled backups are essential in any production shop.
Scheduled barges provide cargo delivery.
Scheduled buses are available, and trucking services deliver freight to the community.
Scheduled buses run hourly.
Scheduled calibration reports.
Scheduled calls are subject to technician availability.
Scheduled chats allow people to meet at predefined times to discuss topics of special interest.
Scheduled chats occur once a week.
Scheduled classes are available, and special classes for unique requirements can be arranged.
Scheduled classes are mainly in the Gulf coast of Florida.
Scheduled classes have first priority for use of the classroom.
Scheduled classes have first priority on computer labs.
Scheduled classes have priority in classroom labs.
Scheduled classes have priority over all other uses.
Scheduled classes have priority.
Scheduled conferences are important and count as a class.
Scheduled conferences are subject to change due to guest lecturers' availability.
Scheduled conferences replace at least one class period during the weeks they are scheduled.
Scheduled courses are subject to cancellation.
Scheduled courses follow.
Scheduled dates are as follows.
Scheduled dates are tentative and depend on weather conditions.
Scheduled dates follow.
Scheduled drugs are also controlled drugs.
Scheduled employees work schedules.
Scheduled entertainment includes musical performances, dances and skits.
Scheduled event is soon so call or email resume immediately.
Scheduled events are generally open to the public.
Scheduled events are subject to change without notice.
Scheduled events are subject to change.
Scheduled events have priority over non-scheduled events.
Scheduled events take precedence over spur of the moment activities.
Scheduled Events View a listing of meetings, seminars, tours, other events and announcements.
Scheduled events work in conjunction with profiles and memorized report types.
Scheduled examinations are fifty minutes in length.
Scheduled examinations are on a first come first serve basis.
Scheduled fees are subject to change at any time.
Scheduled ferry runs.
Scheduled games are both in the fall and spring semesters.
Scheduled group tours throughout the year.
Scheduled groups get a genuine hands-on experience making butter or dipping candles for a small fee.
Scheduled groups take precedence over tutorial use.
Scheduled hikes are available.
Scheduled homework is to be completed prior to the class time for which it is assigned.
Scheduled hours are subject to change due to unforeseen conflicts.
Scheduled hours are to be negotiated with the department faculty.
Scheduled hours can be flexible.
Scheduled hours vary each quarter.
Scheduled hours vary for courses.
Scheduled hours vary.
Scheduled increases occur upon successful progress through the apprenticeship.
Scheduled injuries involve injuries to the extremities, sight and hearing.
Any scheduled item can be for a specified date, multiple days, or on recurring dates.
Scheduled jobs run at the proper time in the proper sequence.
Scheduled layoffs are the best way to go.
Scheduled maintenance is announced below.
Scheduled maintenance is brought up to date as required.
Scheduled maintenance is care.
Scheduled maintenance is essential to the efficient and reliable operation of any facility.
Scheduled maintenance is maintenance
Scheduled maintenance is posted here for all users.
Scheduled maintenance is rescheduled as soon as weather permits.
Scheduled maintenance keeps our urban forest safe and healthy.
Scheduled matches HAVE to be played in the following rounds.
Scheduled meetings are dependent upon cases before the board.
Scheduled nature walks throughout the summer months.
Scheduled openings are subject to change based on fire activity.
All Scheduled openings are subject to change based on weather and conditions.
Scheduled operation refers to fluctuating generation outflows or pumpback inflows.
Scheduled outages become a thing of the past.
Scheduled outages require notification.
Scheduled outings are only on the island of Oahu.
Scheduled overtime includes annual events.
Scheduled period means a scheduled shift or a scheduled period outside the shift.
Scheduled Portfolios take into account loads, taxes, and cash flows.
Scheduled presentations go first.
Scheduled programs are subject to change.
Scheduled rates begin when the equipment leaves our store and continue until returned.
Scheduled registration runs for approximately three weeks.
Scheduled reports are normal recurring reports that higher headquarters expects to receive.
Scheduled rides are generally in the morning, sometimes with lunch along the trail.
Scheduled runs are the same each day.
Scheduled scans run in the background on both local and network drives.
Scheduled scans work properly.
Scheduled scripts are agents that run at a specific time.
Scheduled selections are subject to change.
Scheduled service can minimize crisis calls.
More scheduled service is available, please inquire.
Scheduled sessions are subject to change without notice.
Scheduled shipping has about half of sales.
Scheduled shops vary in frequency and number.
Scheduled shows are subject to change at any time.
Scheduled sites are sites where no remediation was accomplished.
Scheduled stops are subject to change.
Scheduled sweeping is provided on all residential streets with high on-street parking demand.
Scheduled synchronization requires additional coding.
Scheduled times are available to teach faculty members how to retrieve articles electronically.
Scheduled times are midweek, but families are welcome to help out in the garden at any time.
Scheduled tours are available as well as regular tours every other weekend.
Scheduled tours are available during the summer months.
Scheduled tours are available.
Scheduled tours are welcome for school groups and other organizations.
Scheduled tours begin on the ground floor, east wing.
Scheduled traffic is very easy to handle.
Scheduled training is offered at our Northern Virginia facility through out the year.
Scheduled training is provided in the lab on applications, Internet and library research.
Scheduled transfers can repeat at specified intervals.
Scheduled transfers is displayed.
Scheduled transportation is also available for both ambulatory and non-ambulatory residents.
Scheduled transportation is available for doctor and dental appointments, shopping, and day outings.
Scheduled transportation is available three times a week to medical appointments.
Scheduled transportation is provided at no charge.
Any scheduled trip affords an excellent chance of gorgeous weather.
Scheduled use has priority over unscheduled use, and group use has priority over individual use.
Scheduled visitors are always welcome.
Scheduled workdays are a social event where a lot of much needed maintenance is done.
Scheduled workshops are available for the most commonly used software programs in the district.
Scheduled workshops are available upon request from the Organizer or from individuals.
Scheduled workshops are subject to change.
Scheduler activations share the job of thread management between clients and the system.
A scheduler is computer hardware
Schedulers also release the work to the production floor.
Schedulers are hardware.
Schedulers are located in operating systems.
Schedulers are people who can make changes to the schedule.
Schedulers call disaster team volunteers to ensure response coverage.
Schedulers receive packet destination port data via each input buffer.
Schedulers tend to be neat and orderly.
Some schedulers also offer analytical tools to help optimize physician time with patients.
Some schedulers require servers and server support.
Scheduling policies allow for prioritization of tasks and resources.
Scheduling policies are available at the various scheduling offices.
Scheduling policies vary at international locations.
Scheduling priorities are the same as above.
Scheduling priority is given to recreational sports programs and activities.
Scheduling accommodates the individual practice needs.
Scheduling allows everyone to attend all presentations.
Scheduling allows for five renters per month of intermediate to advanced skill levels.
Scheduling also depends on facility used.
Scheduling also keeps any one job from becoming overwhelming.
Scheduling also takes into account the needs of commuting students.
Scheduling appears to be a neutral variable as it relates to student achievement.
Scheduling are planning.
Scheduling assigns an execution order to the partitioned segments so as to ensure proper execution.
Scheduling Be alert to the availability of the intended audience.
Scheduling begins for all.
Scheduling call center agents is a daunting proposition under the most ordinary of circumstances.
Scheduling can be a problem when the demand is great and needs have to prioritized.
Scheduling can be a problem.
Scheduling can be backward or forward.
Scheduling can be complex because some instruments serve multiple functions.
Scheduling can be complicated.
Scheduling can be effortless.
Scheduling can be flexible but requires at three days a week during day time hours.
Scheduling can be flexible during the semester.
Scheduling can be flexible, allowing travel during less expensive and less crowded off peak times.
Scheduling can be flexible, allowing travel during less expensive and less crowded off-peak times.
Scheduling can be flexible, and part-time work before or after the summer is a possibility.
Scheduling can increase premiums significantly.
Scheduling can make or break the bowl goal.
Scheduling can occur in user-level modules.
Scheduling can take four or five messages back and forth.
Scheduling can take several weeks.
Scheduling Can use either preemptive or non-preemptive scheduling.
Scheduling can well become the hub of the healthcare system.
Scheduling consists of a data parallel and a demand driven component.
Scheduling depends on the availability of the trucks and drivers and the volume of orders taken.
Scheduling depends on the morphological stage in the life cycle of the yellow star thistle.
Scheduling depends on what is put in it.
Scheduling depends upon operating conditions, personnel needs, and the overall business climate.
Scheduling determines the playing field.
Scheduling does, at times, become very complicated.
Scheduling encompasses both the classroom schedule and individualized schedules.
Scheduling Give the puppy time to get over the stress of changing environments.
Scheduling has a direct affect on costs.
Scheduling has to be done in advance.
Scheduling includes a mixture of two and four year schools.
Scheduling includes day, some evening, and weekends on a rotating basis.
Scheduling includes night and weekend shifts.
Scheduling involves an enormously complex set of factors and variables.
Scheduling is a big part of the task.
Scheduling is a bit more complicated close to holidays.
Scheduling is a craft, whether done manually or with computer assistance.
Scheduling is a critical process in controlling costs.
Scheduling is a fundamental OS function.
Scheduling is a joint effort of the editors and graphics staff.
Scheduling is a key concept.
Scheduling is a key part of the planning requirement.
Scheduling is a long and difficult process.
Scheduling is a natural domain for constraint technology.
Scheduling is a nightmare.
Scheduling is a problem and a pass just adds to the backlog.
Scheduling is a problem for students if they have to register for two linked courses.
Scheduling is a problem, especially with multi-site transmissions.
Scheduling is a resource management framework allowing to trade precision for timeliness.
Scheduling is a tightrope act.
Scheduling is a top priority for diabetics.
Scheduling is a valuable but untapped resource for school improvement.
Scheduling is according to availability.
Scheduling is administered on a first come, first serve basis.
Scheduling is also an advantage.
Scheduling is also much more flexible with a nanny than at a daycare center.
Scheduling is also much more flexible with a nanny than with a daycare center.
Scheduling is always a problem.
Scheduling is always a work in progress, so check regularly.
Scheduling is always black magic and never satisfies everybody.
Scheduling is an area for improvement with respect to an enterprise-wide solution.
Scheduling is an area that creates friction between horse owners and farriers as well.
Scheduling is an area which holds great promise of benefit from a computer-assisted system.
Scheduling is an automated process that can schedule workers indefinitely into the future.
Scheduling is an important aspect in satisfying a test sponsor's needs.
Scheduling is an important part of time management.
Scheduling is an issue.
Scheduling is an on-going and flexible process to make sure there are adaquate officers on duty.
Scheduling is another area in which people use different technologies.
Scheduling is arranged between the trainer and client school.
Scheduling is arranged to meet the personal timetable of students.
Scheduling is at their mutual convenience.
Scheduling is available on an ongoing basis unless otherwise noted.
Scheduling is based on a district-wide waiting list.
Scheduling is based on a first come-first served basis and staff availability.
Scheduling is based on demand.
Scheduling is based on departmental needs and the availability of the employee.
Scheduling is based on interest.
Scheduling is based on interpreter availability and the specific field interpreting is needed in.
Scheduling is based upon artwork supplied on disk or as camera-ready copy.
Scheduling is based upon availability.
Scheduling is by appointment only.
Scheduling is by mutual agreement.
Scheduling is chaotic and the fare structure has discouraged ridership.
Scheduling is cited by nearly one half of chief residents as the worst part of the job.
Scheduling is completely flexible.
Scheduling is complex problem.
Scheduling is complex, and updates can take place over a series of weekend nights.
Scheduling is computerized and any unique conditions can be provided to the computer program.
Scheduling is conducted on a first come-first serve basis.
Scheduling is contingent upon the needs of the class.
Scheduling is convenient.
Scheduling is coordinated between the basic skills instructor and the program instructor.
Scheduling is coordinated by each provider's site.
Scheduling is currently underway for another exciting season of events.
Scheduling is deferred until runtime.
Scheduling is dependent on availability of preceptors and sites.
Scheduling is dependent on the availability of the serum and the schedule of the employee.
Scheduling is dependent upon availability of curators and staff.
Scheduling is dependent upon instructor availability.
Scheduling is designed to minimize disruption of customer operations.
Scheduling is determined by individual departments.
Scheduling is determined by the individual program directors.
Scheduling is developed to meet the unique needs of each family.
Scheduling is difficult at any level.
Scheduling is difficult to follow.
Scheduling is difficult too, because it takes into account the interdependencies of subprojects.
Scheduling is done as conveniently to the patient's needs as possible.
Scheduling is done based on number of opcodes executed.
Scheduling is done by availability.
Scheduling is done by chairpersons, who make an effort to prevent conflicting schedules.
Scheduling is done by phone and by recommendations made by instructors.
Scheduling is done by phone only to ensure personalized service.
Scheduling is done by the compiler ahead of time.
Scheduling is done by the soldiers career branch.
Scheduling is done by the soldier's career branch.
Scheduling is done by the staff member on a daily, weekly, or monthly basis.
Scheduling is done directly with the hospital administration, based on current needs.
Scheduling is done in consideration of the academic commitments of athletes.
Scheduling is done in one hour segments.
Scheduling is done in the order in which requests are received.
Scheduling is done individually on a daily basis from sports,waterfront and tripping options.
Scheduling is done informally at the current time.
Scheduling is done monthly.
Scheduling is done on a first call first serve basis.
Scheduling is done on a first come - first served basis.
Scheduling is done on a first come first serve basis.
Scheduling is done on a 'first come, first served' basis.
Scheduling is done on a first-come, first serve basis.
Scheduling is done on a regular or flexible basis.
Scheduling is done on a single semester basis.
Scheduling is done on a space-available basis.
Scheduling is done on an annual, monthly, weekly, daily, and intra-day basis.
Scheduling is done on an availability basis.
Scheduling is done on the computer reservation system.
Scheduling is done primarily on a round robin basis with some double elimination competition.
Scheduling is done through appointment.
Scheduling is done via the requestor's own department.
Scheduling is done with the grade level teachers to minimize time away from the academic setting.
Scheduling is easier.
Scheduling is easy and accurate.
Scheduling is easy with both products.
Scheduling is easy.
Scheduling is everything.
Scheduling is extremely flexible.
Scheduling is fairly flexible.
Scheduling is flexable.
Scheduling is flexible - days, evenings or weekends and telephone support is available.
Scheduling is flexible and a variety of options are available to meet individual student needs.
Scheduling is flexible and all tutors are qualified, experienced French teachers.
Scheduling is flexible and all tutors are qualified, experienced teachers.
Scheduling is flexible and arranged between the student participant and the older adult or agency.
Scheduling is flexible and can be done to accommodate interested, qualified candidates.
Scheduling is flexible and class size is small.
Scheduling is flexible and early enough to accommodate all new students.
Scheduling is flexible and interested volunteers can call or e-mail to volunteer.
Scheduling is flexible and is available on the weekend as well as during the week.
Scheduling is flexible and it is an open-entry program.
Scheduling is flexible and negotiated between the student participant and the older adult.
Scheduling is flexible and set on individual school needs and size.
Scheduling is flexible and there are reduced rates for students.
Scheduling is flexible and training takes ONLY an hour.
Scheduling is flexible around other activities.
Scheduling is flexible during daytime hours.
Scheduling is flexible in order to minimize loss of work days.
Scheduling is flexible meet any time or day that the library is open.
Scheduling is flexible so to meet the demands of a Regents track student.
Scheduling is flexible to accommodate individual academic schedules.
Scheduling is flexible to allow for bad weather, illness, vacation or other commitments.
Scheduling is flexible to allow students to complete projects in a timely manner.
Scheduling is flexible to fit a company's unique needs.
Scheduling is flexible with classes in the evenings and on the weekends.
Scheduling is flexible with five calling sessions from which to choose.
Scheduling is flexible, allowing convenient hours for docents who are employed.
Scheduling is flexible, although a minimum of three weeks is preferred.
Scheduling is flexible, and based on availability.
Scheduling is flexible, and hours can include evenings and weekends.
Scheduling is flexible, but at least nine office hours per week are required.
Scheduling is flexible, but weekend nights are especially needed.
Scheduling is flexible, from work on a one-time project to volunteering on a weekly basis.
Scheduling is flexible.
Scheduling is followed up with personal phone calls and reminder letters.
Scheduling is fundamentally a dynamic resource allocation problem.
Scheduling is further subject to flight and accommodation availability.
Scheduling is handled through our home location in Eugene.
Scheduling is harder.
Scheduling is highly flexible to accommodate job schedules and family vacations.
Scheduling is huge problem for the group members.
Scheduling is improved.
Scheduling is indicated by a relative large number of students planning to return.
Scheduling is intentionally flexible.
Scheduling is just as political as any other step in a bill's precarious life.
Scheduling is just one example of the benefits to the parties controlling the process.
Scheduling is likely to be affected.
Scheduling is limited to dates adjacent to the series schedule.
Scheduling is made at the start of the festival.
Scheduling is made easy with the 'drag and drop' feature.
Scheduling is made on a first come first served basis.
Scheduling is negotiable.
Scheduling is neutral.
Scheduling is next up.
Scheduling is no problem.
Scheduling is now under way.
Scheduling is of the utmost importance when managing juvenile diabetes.
Scheduling is often an issue, since key characters are sometimes needed for long hours.
Scheduling is on a first come basis.
Scheduling is on a first come first served basis.
Scheduling is on a flexible weekend basis.
Scheduling is on as-needed basis.
Scheduling is one of many applications of GAs.
Scheduling is one of the biggest problems.
Scheduling is one oft-cited problem.
Scheduling is ongoing.
Scheduling is paramount for time management.
Scheduling is per the individuals time and place set by the individual.
Scheduling is performed at cache miss time as instructions are received from memory.
Scheduling is performed recognizing the finite capacities of people and machines.
Scheduling is planned around the specific needs of the older adult.
Scheduling is precise.
Scheduling is pretty straightforward.
Scheduling is primarily concerned with the timing of operations.
Scheduling is prioritized by club classification category.
Scheduling is probably one of the most important tasks done on a project.
Scheduling is provided at no cost.
Scheduling is round-robin time slices.
Scheduling is set up on a campaign by campaign basis.
Scheduling is simpler with symmetrical nodes.
Scheduling is simplified while the darkroom becomes available for other purposes.
Scheduling is somewhat tricky.
Scheduling is still modest.
Scheduling is subject to cancellations, postponements, and fast-breaking editorial opportunities.
Scheduling is subject to change.
Scheduling is subject to faculty availability.
Scheduling is subject to local events, holidays, and the type or size of the exhibit.
Scheduling is subject to real-time requirements and operates using only limited communication.
Scheduling is subject to staffing and space availability.
Scheduling is subject to the availability of the volunteer.
Scheduling is the assignment of vehicles and personnel to operate transit service.
Scheduling is the beginning.
Scheduling is the challenge.
Scheduling is the most challenging obstacle for future implementation.
Scheduling is the most common problem in getting continuous farrier service.
Scheduling is the only legal protection specifically for archaeological sites.
Scheduling is the part that schedules transitions for execution.
Scheduling is the primary way to avoid hazards without altering dependences.
Scheduling is the process of ensuring that materials are at the right place at the right time.
Scheduling is the student's responsibility.
Scheduling is tight at particular times.
Scheduling is to be arranged at the convenience of the parties involved.
Scheduling is truly an output of the planning process, which is an art.
Scheduling is used to cover things like jewelry, electronics, collectibles, etc.
Scheduling is used to identify critical and near critical activities.
Scheduling is very flexible, including evenings, overnights, and weekends.
Scheduling is very flexible.
Scheduling is very important to working unsupervised.
Scheduling is very much a local station adventure.
Scheduling is what keeps the threads in synch, and makes sure that everything happens in order.
Scheduling is worked out on an individual basis.
Scheduling make-up exams is the exclusive burden of the student.
Scheduling meet the faculty gatherings.
Scheduling needs improvement.
Scheduling needs to be considered, since it forms an integral part of batch plant design.
Scheduling occurs during the three weeks prior to each term.
Scheduling occurs two weeks after the final filing date.
Scheduling occurs when the program is determined.
Scheduling permits attendees to participate in all presentations.
Scheduling permits commands to be run while the computer is on, but is unattended.
Scheduling provides a variety of assignments for challenging and rewarding work.
Scheduling provides students with the opportunity to experience a wide variety of electives.
Scheduling refers to how often a model is run.
Scheduling requires rotating evening and weekend assignments.
Scheduling requires three to seven days advance notice, depending on the production service needed.
Scheduling Schedule the facility for training.
Scheduling seems to be one of the one listed at the top.
Scheduling supports regular intervals or specific dates.
Scheduling takes weeks or months.
Scheduling varies depending on dates, times and available staff.
Scheduling varies from quarter to quarter.
All scheduling is arranged as staff is available.
All scheduling is dependent upon the availability of Concur instructors.
All scheduling is done at the customer's convenience.
All scheduling is done on a first come first served basis.
All scheduling is done on the first day of school.
All scheduling is done through the Valencia office.
All scheduling is done with advisement.
All scheduling is to be done through the coordinator of work groups and disaster reconstruction.
All scheduling starts from a documentation of stated objectives.
Most scheduling involves two or three training sessions per week.
A schema is a program
Schemas also facilitate and hinder learning.
Schemas are available for most major databases, and more are being added all the time.
Schemas are extensible and can be updated dynamically.
Schemas are just another type of processing specification.
Schemas are mental models of the world.
Schemas are much easier to read than code, so program maintenance is easier.
Schemas are often non-conscious, hypotheses that are used to interpret social events.
Schemas are precompiled, unconcious, generic knowledge structures.
Schemas are representations.
Schemas are the heart of the directory.
Schemas are themselves types.
Schemas are thus always relative to the interests of a person, an institution, or both.
Schemas are tools for describing document structures and content.
Schemas are ways of making sense of experience .
Schemas are ways of making sense of experience.
Schemas become the driving force that influence our personalities, choices, and our actions.
Schemas constrain markup.
Schemas describe a particular syntax, as well as the semantics of that syntax's structure.
Schemas enable resource communities to define and exchange vocabularies.
Schemas get more complex as the child gets older .
Schemas get more complex as the child gets older.
Schemas give developers more powerful data typing for both element content and attribute values.
Schemas have facilities for self-documentation.
Schemas provide a short-cut to recognition and understanding.
Schemas provide a way to define the structure, content, and semantics of XML documents.
Schemas tell a computer reading an XML document how to interpret special coding.
Schemata allow people to explain and thus comprehend sensory input.
Schemata enable and constrain.
Some schemas are especially fundamental and fertile.
Some schemas are private, while other others are publicly published.
Some schemas are so familiar they are activated almost automatically and without much thought.
Some schemas become de facto or de jure standards.
Some schemata are formulae , i.e. contain no words.
Schematic capture is a fancy name for the ability to draw and layout circuits using a computer.
Schematic Changes Close the simulator.
Schematic Concept Draw one hundred sketches.
Schematic design involves the specific floor plans, where rooms are, configuration of building, etc.
Schematic design is in progress.
Schematic diagrams are to be checked for errors.
Schematic diagrams are useful for troubleshooting or repairing electric circuits.
Schematic diagrams help readers visualize abstract concepts.
Schematic diagrams help to convey the concepts in the text analysis.
Schematic diagrams show arrangements.
Schematic diagrams show how the elements in an electric circuit are connected.
Schematic diagrams show positions.
Schematic diagrams show types.
Most schematic diagrams show arrangements.
Most schematic diagrams show positions.
Most schematic diagrams show types.
Some schematic diagrams show components.
Some schematic diagrams show features.
Some schematic diagrams show locations.
Some schematic diagrams show movement.
A schematic drawing is a diagram
Schematic drawings are in progress.
Schematic drawings show the location and connections between the various components.
Schematic maps are potentially powerful tools for both self- and peer counseling.
Schematic overlays help to identify individual anatomic structures.
Schematic printout is too small.
Some schematic programs are limited to a single sheet, or have ridiculously low 'pin count' limits.
Schematic reading is required.
Schematic size regimes for semiconductor nanocrystals.
Schematic viewers are helpful.
A schematic is a diagram
Schematic isa diagram.
Schematics accompany each description.
Schematics also help illustrate priority.
Schematics are available in the documents directory.
Schematics are available on the quadravox site.
Schematics are available that show the big picture.
Schematics are available to any customer on request.
Schematics are diagrams.
Schematics can contain blocks that point at other schematics.
Schematics contain blocks or symbols that describe behavior.
Schematics cost less, complicated machines requiring development time cost more.
Schematics explain the required flow of documents.
Schematics have (part) sections.
Schematics have instruction.
Schematics help illustrate priority.
Schematics show the system for appeals.
Schematics use symbols to represent components in the circuit.
All schematics are preliminary except as noted.
All schematics are subject to change until construction begins.
Most schematics have instruction.
A scheme is a plan of action
Scheme collapses if growth ceases.
Scheme files Any arguments on the command line are interpreted as files to be loaded.
Scheme isa group.
Scheme starts in the current directory.
Scheme tends to encourage more use of nested scopes.
Scheme treats a sequence of characters enclosed in double quotation marks as a string .
Scheme treats all procedural object, whether user defined or built in, in much the same way.
Scheme treats the expression following the apostrophe as a symbol.
Schemes abound to acquire taxpayer funding for parochial schools.
Schemes aim to meet the needs of the members and their neighbourhood.
Schemes allow for multiple configurations without having to change configuration files.
Schemes are concepts.
Schemes are evil.
Schemes are just the formation the bricks and blocks are in.
Schemes are mental structures or programs that guide a developing sequence of thinking.
Schemes are non-profit making and any operating surplus is reinvested in the schemes.
Schemes are organisations which coordinate, support and resource individual family day carers.
Schemes are plans.
Schemes are programming language.
Schemes based on accident records can result in workers being unfairly harassed by employers.
Schemes can offer valuable short term accommodation, particularly for young people.
Schemes can provide for options to be exchanged where the granting company is taken over.
Schemes can take some time to bed-down.
Schemes describe the syntax used by element values.
Schemes have (part) hierarchies.
Schemes keep in close touch with the local police to share information and advice.
Schemes make it easy to rapidly format maps that consist of numerous layers.
Schemes operate around the country.
Schemes range from freehold title, to registered lease, to a licence to occupy a unit.
Schemes range from static tables to proprietary dynamic routing protocols.
Schemes range from village halls to major new national assets.
Schemes run for one or two weeks.
All schemes are relevant for Indian residents only.
Any scheme can put responsibility back onto the community is better for everyone.
Any scheme is, however, subject to the laws relating to fraud and dishonesty.
Every scheme has particular strengths and weaknesses.
Every scheme includes a vaccime to protect against rival memes .
Every scheme includes a vaccime to protect against rival memes.
Every scheme involving digital cash has a way of producing profit.
Many schemes also have committees to organise social events and outings.
Many schemes also offer prepayment or access to credit.
Many schemes are detailed and aim for extensive clinical coverage.
Many schemes are entirely legitimate, giving people opportunity to run their own small businesses.
Many schemes provide tax-free cash as well.
Many schemes use vehicles suitable for wheelchair access.
Most schemes are for children but there are a few for adults.
Most schemes are state owned.
Most schemes being considered now involve conversion to liquid or solids.
Most schemes involve a period of work experience.
Most schemes make do with a half day.
Most schemes require the consumer to complain first to the trader concerned.
Most schemes require the consumer to pay a weekly fee in return for a mixed box of fresh produce.
Most schemes seek to anaesthetize dogs and thus all are being compared on valid terms.
Most schemes take children from a specific school or group of schools.
Most schemes use the existing line-management structures in schools to intervene.
Some schemes also offer support at earlier stages.
Some schemes are just plain baffling.
Some schemes are simple to construct, while others can be extremely complex and thus expensive.
Some schemes cover the support buying of commodities into intervention, and their sale.
Some schemes have many defaulting mortgages, while others have only a few or none at all.
Some schemes have provisions for the employer to top up the fund if necessary.
Some schemes offer no fault title insurance to protect the transaction.
Some schemes plan to get their hydrogen by reforming gasoline on board the vehicle.
Some schemes propose to increase employment by stimulating private sector activity.
Some schemes require changes to the software or operation of a desktop.
Some schemes result in union members' paying inflated dues.
Some schemes succeed but skill is required to pick the good ones.
Some schemes take advantage of a senior s memory loss.
A schemer is a planner
Schemer has Canadian medallions in halter, western pleasure, and non-pro stallions.
Schemer is a Contributor.
Schemers are planners.
Some schemers are more ambitious in what they seek to achieve from the restructuring.
Schenectady is part of America.
Schenectady isa thing.
A scherzo is movement
Scherzo allows every section of the band to shine, with primary parts cued or doubled throughout.
A schilling is an unit
Schilling agrees that Baltimore needs a boarding school, but wants it located in the city.
Schilling does offer some general solutions to the game's problems.
Schilling is a hard worker who can catch and run well.
Schilling is a horse.
Schilling is an expert in 'plein air', or outdoor watercolor technique.
Schilling is gone now.
Schilling is one of the few pitchers who has tamed the offensive park in recent years.
Schilling is proud to be winning and using a local farmer-friendly fuel.
Schilling is self-taught.
Schilling is set to pitch.
Schilling is surprised at the number of faculty who subscribed to the list initially.
Schilling is the lucky one.
Schilling prays the worst is over.
Schilling recalls Panhorst attending open-gym sessions, trying to get back into shape.
Schilling says the numbers also show which plan is healthy.
Schilling takes a five-game winning streak into the game.
Schilling wants new owners.
Schillings scg driver is needed too.
A schipperke is a guard dog
Schipperkes are always pure black.
Schipperkes are dogs.
Schipperkes are fun, energetic, beautiful and intelligent dogs.
Schipperkes are little black bundles of energy.
Schipperkes are loyal, loving, and fun for the active owner.
Schipperkes are watchdogs.
Schipperkes can have troubles with anesthetics for surgery.
Schipperkes come from.
Schipperkes do very well on boats since and enjoy excursions on the water.
Schipperkes have short, compact bodies with squared shoulders.
Schipperkes keep themselves fairly clean and require minimal grooming upkeep from their owners.
Schipperkes love children and exhibit energetic, curious personalities.
Schipperkes require training and a secure, fenced-in space to run.
Schipperkes respond to positive reinforcement much better than they do to punishment.
A schism is division
Schism is a dangerous thing.
Schism is a disease of the faith and a mortal sin.
Schism is a great sin.
Schism is a grievous sin.
Schism is a possibility.
Schism is a rent or division in the church when it comes to the separating of congregations.
Schism is Anarchy.
Schism is invariably the result of differing concepts, doctrines or opinions.
Schism is no longer a mere threat, but a de facto reality.
Schism is often a sign of religious vitality, and so it proved then.
Schism is overwhelming the aircharts and is peeking it's head into every modern rock chart around.
Schism is the sin of sins.
Schism makes unreal the Fatherhood of God.
Schism means division.
Schism means that the opposing parties have a disagreement within the establishment.
Schism never occurs in the true church.
Schism threatens, and in Avignon, an anti-pope is elected.
Schisms are division.
Schisms are ruptures.
Schist layers are visible and the rock splits fairly easily into slabs.
Schist rock occurs when phyllite is subjected to stress.
A schist is a metamorphic rock
Schists are foliated rocks that are primarily composed of lamellar minerals such as micas .
Schists are metamorphic rocks.
Schists are rocks that can be split into thin plates.
Schists have the quality of breaking off in thin, wavy layers.
Most schists are mica schists , but graphite and chlorite schists are also common .
Most schists are mica schists, but graphite and chlorite schists are also common.
Some schist is very hard, durable, and compact.
Schistosome parasites have a complex life cycle because they a. travel in our bodies.
Some schistosome species cause swimmer's itch.
A schistosome is a platyhelminth
Schistosomes also secrete factors that interfere with host snail leukocyte functions.
Schistosomes are another well known type of Trematode.
Schistosomes are flukes.
Schistosomes are small flukes which live in the bloodstream of infected people, mainly children.
Schistosomes are trematode worms that live in the bloodstream of human beings and animals.
Schistosomes undergo a complex developmental pathway.
A schistosomiasis is infection
A schistosomiasis is infestation
Schistosomiasis can result in chronic liver, spleen and bladder damage.
Schistosomiasis has acute and chronic phases.
Schistosomiasis is a parasite that is carried by freshwater snails.
Schistosomiasis is a slow, debilitating infection caught from fresh water in Africa.
Schistosomiasis is a tropical disease caused by the parasitic worm schistosoma.
Schistosomiasis is a tropical disease that can cause serious, long-term illness.
Schistosomiasis is a tropical disease that has severe, even fatal, consequences for humans.
Schistosomiasis is caused by a helminth.
Schistosomiasis is caused by digenetic blood trematodes.
Schistosomiasis is caused by parasitic flatworms, called schistosomes.
Schistosomiasis is caused by parasitic flatworms.
Schistosomiasis is common in the Near East and is a nasty parasitic infection.
Schistosomiasis is diagnosed by testing the urine or stool for parasites.
Schistosomiasis is difficult to treat, but a variety of therapeutic drugs are available.
Schistosomiasis is endemic to Africa, South America, the Middle East, and parts of Asia.
Schistosomiasis is one of the most prevalent parasitic diseases in the world.
Schistosomiasis is treatable.
Schistosomiasises are diseases.
Schistosomiasises are infection.
Schistosomiasises are infestation.
Schizoaffactive disorder seems to combine some features of both disorders.
Schizoaffective disorder forms a very good bridge between schizophrenia and affective disorder.
Schizoaffective disorder is a complex and poorly understood clinical entity.
Schizoaffective disorder is diseases.
Schizoaffective disorder refers to a pattern of illness which is qualitatively different.
Schizodont dentition has a median large tooth divided into two equal parts.
A schizogony is fission
Schizogony continues long after the forma- tion of gametes.
Schizogony is present within macrophages in the splenic parenchyma.
Schizogony occurs in endothelial cells of blood vessels.
Schizogony occurs in the liver.
Schizogony takes place in one and sporogony in the other.
Schizogony takes place in the liver, heart, brain, spleen, lungs, lymph nodes and pancreas.
Schizogony takes place in the lymphoid-macrophage cells of the spleen, bone marrow and liver.
A schizoid is personality disorder
Schizoids can often seem coherent while acting out their roles within the world of delusion.
Schizoids frequently react passively to most events whether they are adverse or positive.
Many schizoids are asexual.
Schizophrenia affects about one percent of the population at large.
Schizophrenia affects almost all human mental activity, and the symptoms are extremely diverse.
Schizophrenia affects both rich and poor but is more prevalent in lower socioeconomic groups.
Schizophrenia affects men and women with equal frequency.
Schizophrenia alone is fifty times more common than muscular dystrophy.
Schizophrenia also has a hereditary role.
Schizophrenia alters a person's behavior and thought processes.
Schizophrenia appears to be an amalgamation of many different disorders.
Schizophrenia appears to be linked to the father's age at conception.
Schizophrenia appears to have a genetic component and seems to run in families.
Schizophrenia appears to occur in equal rates among men and women, but women have a later onset.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Schizophrenia beats dining alone.
Schizophrenia can affect anyone regardless of gender, race, culture or intelligence.
Schizophrenia can appear in one of many forms.
Schizophrenia can be a devastating mental disorder.
Schizophrenia can develop suddenly or gradually and can affect people of any age.
Schizophrenia can occur in any family.
Schizophrenia can produce visual and auditory hallucinations, severe paranoia and other symptoms.
Schizophrenia causes great strain on family members.
Schizophrenia causes stigmas.
Schizophrenia causes well-documented abnormalities across a wide range of cognitive abilities.
Schizophrenia dhankins's home page is under construction.
Schizophrenia does run in families.
Schizophrenia drastically affects individuals' quality of life.
Schizophrenia drastically affects people's quality of life.
Schizophrenia eats identity.
Schizophrenia exists in all cultures in all countries.
Schizophrenia generally develops during late adolescence or early adulthood.
Schizophrenia generally manifests itself during late adolescence or early adulthood.
Schizophrenia has a lot of potential different symptoms.
Schizophrenia has a many contributing biological factors to the great amount of disability involved.
Schizophrenia has absolutely nothing to do with split personality disorder.
Schizophrenia has great human and economic costs .
Schizophrenia has great human and economic costs.
Schizophrenia has many different forms and everyone responds to treatment differently.
Schizophrenia has no known cure.
Schizophrenia has nothing to do with multiple personality.
Schizophrenia has the least positive outcome of any of the major mental disorders.
Schizophrenia includes three so-called negative symptoms.
Schizophrenia is a biological brain disease that affects thinking, perception, mood and behavior.
Schizophrenia is a biological disease of the brain that ebbs and flows.
Schizophrenia is a biological disease of the brain.
Schizophrenia is a biologically-based disease of the brain.
Schizophrenia is a brain disease that affects thinking, perception and mood behavior.
Schizophrenia is a brain disorder.
Schizophrenia is a chronic and disabling brain disease.
Schizophrenia is a chronic condition that affects many aspects of an individual s life.
Schizophrenia is a chronic illness that requires life-long treatment with medication.
Schizophrenia is a chronic illness that requires lifelong treatment.
Schizophrenia is a chronic terror syndrome.
Schizophrenia is a chronic, severe, and disabling brain disease.
Schizophrenia is a clinical disorder of the self model.
Schizophrenia is a common serious mental illness.
Schizophrenia is a complex disorder with few generalisations holding true for all people diagnosed.
Schizophrenia is a complex disorder.
Schizophrenia is a complex mental illness that affects millions of people in Europe.
Schizophrenia is a complicated and confusing condition.
Schizophrenia is a complicated disorder associated with high morbidity if left unmanaged.
Schizophrenia is a debilitating illness affecting thinking.
Schizophrenia is a degenerative illness.
Schizophrenia is a devastating brain disorder and the most disabling of severe mental illnesses.
Schizophrenia is a devastating brain disorder.
Schizophrenia is a devastating disease, but some individuals do get better.
Schizophrenia is a devastating disorder, and the most disabling of severe mental illnesses.
Schizophrenia is a devastating illness that affects one percent of the American population.
Schizophrenia is a devastating illness that affects one percent of the population.
Schizophrenia is a devastating mental illness that effects every aspect of a person.
Schizophrenia is a difficult subject for which to raise money.
Schizophrenia is a disabling disease.
Schizophrenia is a disease of the brain that eludes simple definition.
Schizophrenia is a disease of the brain.
Schizophrenia is a disease of the human condition.
Schizophrenia is a disease that afflicts the brain.
Schizophrenia is a disease that is indicated by disruptions in thinking, perception, and emotion.
Schizophrenia is a disease with a physical cause, like cancer or heart disease.
Schizophrenia is a disease.
Schizophrenia is a disorder of major public health concern.
Schizophrenia is a disorder that can effect anyone.
Schizophrenia is a disorder that usually occurs during a severe and extreme moment in ones life.
Schizophrenia is a disorder which affects the thoughts and perceptions of a person.
Schizophrenia is a disorder which affects thinking and perception.
Schizophrenia is a group of disorders characterized by unusual thoughts, emotions, and behavior.
Schizophrenia is a heart-breaking malady.
Schizophrenia is a hereditary mental illness that often leaves a sufferer helpless.
Schizophrenia is a heritable brain illness with unknown pathogenic mechanisms.
Schizophrenia is a lifelong illness.
Schizophrenia is a lifelong infirmity.
Schizophrenia is a major burden for families.
Schizophrenia is a major mental psychotic disorder.
Schizophrenia is a major psychiatric illness.
Schizophrenia is a major public health problem throughout the world.
Schizophrenia is a malady that epitomizes the worst fears of having a mental disorder.
Schizophrenia is a man-made diagnosis, and doctors make mistakes.
Schizophrenia is a mental disorder in which people are no longer dealing with reality.
Schizophrenia is a mental disorder in which people have an altered sense of reality.
Schizophrenia is a mental illness that impairs thinking, perception and emotion.
Schizophrenia is a mental illness which causes confusion, hallucinations, and mood swings.
Schizophrenia is a mental illness.
Schizophrenia is a neurobiological disorder that can be both debilitating and life-threatening.
Schizophrenia is a neurological disorder which results from an imbalance of chemicals in the brain.
Schizophrenia is a normal and acceptable personality quirk.
Schizophrenia is a physical illness, just like diabetes or a broken leg.
Schizophrenia is a prevalent and complex disorder.
Schizophrenia is a process of compiling lists and letting go of syntax.
Schizophrenia is a psychotic disorder.
Schizophrenia is a real and serious illness that affects one out of every hundred people.
Schizophrenia is a serious brain disease of uncertain etiology.
Schizophrenia is a serious disturbance of thought, perception, emotion and drive.
Schizophrenia is a serious illness, one that has an impact on every aspect of the sufferer's life.
Schizophrenia is a serious mental illness which affects one person in a hundred.
Schizophrenia is a serious mental illness which interferes with the way someone's mind operates.
Schizophrenia is a serious mental illness.
Schizophrenia is a serious psychiatric illness.
Schizophrenia is a severe and often enduring mental illness.
Schizophrenia is a severe psychosis, with varied symptoms.
Schizophrenia is a severe, significant psychiatric illness.
Schizophrenia is a split personality.
Schizophrenia is a term given to a complex group of mental disorders.
Schizophrenia is a thought disorder, where there is a disturbance in thought patterns and processes.
Schizophrenia is a tragic condition which strikes too many families throughout the world.
Schizophrenia is a tragic, chronic, and disabling mental illness.
Schizophrenia is a treatable illness but requires the taking of medication for long periods of time.
Schizophrenia is a type of psychotic disorder.
Schizophrenia is a very common problem.
Schizophrenia is a very debilitating, but poorly understood, brain disorder.
Schizophrenia is a very insidious disorder, full of suffering, loneliness and unhappiness.
Schizophrenia is a very sad disease and in most cases the most feared psychological disease also.
Schizophrenia is absolutely a chemical, and possibly a structural, brain disease.
Schizophrenia is almost nil in highland New Guinea where practically no grain is consumed.
Schizophrenia is also a disorder of brain development which affects children and adolescents.
Schizophrenia is an example.
Schizophrenia is an expensive illness.
Schizophrenia is an extremely complex mental illness caused by a biochemical imbalance in the brain.
Schizophrenia is an illness that causes problems in thinking, feeling, and relating.
Schizophrenia is arguably the most terrible illness that has ever affected humanity.
Schizophrenia is associated with both increased dopaminergic activity and perinatal complications.
Schizophrenia is associated with excessively high dopamine production.
Schizophrenia is associated with flu epidemics in a country.
Schizophrenia is believed to have a genetic basis.
Schizophrenia is called a formal thought disorder.
Schizophrenia is caused by a very significant disruption of the dopamine system.
Schizophrenia is caused by both biological and environmental issues.
Schizophrenia is caused principally by biological factors, most of which reside in the brain.
Schizophrenia is characterized by a constellation of distinctive and predictable symptoms.
Schizophrenia is characterized by a constellation of symptoms suffered for a number of months.
Schizophrenia is characterized by episodes of psychosis - being out of reality.
Schizophrenia is characterized by positive and negative symptoms .
Schizophrenia is characterized by positive and negative symptoms.
Schizophrenia is considerably more disorganizing but can be confused with bipolar disorder.
Schizophrenia is considered to be a disorder caused by a combination of factors.
Schizophrenia is considered to be a survival mechanism thus the schizophrenic won t give it up.
Schizophrenia is considered to be multifactorially inherited.
Schizophrenia is diagnosed by the presence of two of the symptoms described above.
Schizophrenia is diseases.
Schizophrenia is either an inherited brain disease or the result of neglectful parenting.
Schizophrenia is entirely absent.
Schizophrenia is even more devastating.
Schizophrenia is far away because of the injections.
Schizophrenia is found all over the world.
Schizophrenia is generally more disabling.
Schizophrenia is genetic.
Schizophrenia is incurable.
Schizophrenia is inheritable to some degree.
Schizophrenia is insanity.
Schizophrenia is kept under control by anti-psychotic drugs.
Schizophrenia is made up of probably four or five different syndromes.
Schizophrenia is mental disorder.
Schizophrenia is mental illnesses.
Schizophrenia is more common in the lower social class.
Schizophrenia is more than a terrible disease.
Schizophrenia is nearly synonymous with isolation .
Schizophrenia is on the more severe end of the spectrum.
Schizophrenia is one of many possible diagnostic categories used in psychiatry.
Schizophrenia is one of the classifications used in diagnosing a mental illness.
Schizophrenia is one of the most chronic and disabling of the mental illnesses.
Schizophrenia is one of the most common mental illnesses.
Schizophrenia is one of the most complex of all mental health disorders.
Schizophrenia is one of the most debilitating of all mental illnesses.
Schizophrenia is one of the most disabling and puzzling mental disorders.
Schizophrenia is one of the most disabling disease for young people.
Schizophrenia is one of the most misunderstood mental illnesses, doctors say.
Schizophrenia is one of the most puzzling, frightening, and expensive of the psychiatric disorders.
Schizophrenia is one of the most serious and disabling of the mental illnesses.
Schizophrenia is probably a multifactorial, polygenic disease.
Schizophrenia is psychosis
Schizophrenia is psychosis.
Schizophrenia is quite a different thing than paranoia.
Schizophrenia is regarded as an illness with a biological component.
Schizophrenia is that which stops the flow.
Schizophrenia is the brain's most serious illness, and affects about one per cent of the population.
Schizophrenia is the most common form of severe mental illness, affecting about one per cent.
Schizophrenia is the most common form of severe mental illness.
Schizophrenia is the most common psychological disorder.
Schizophrenia is the most common serious mental illness.
Schizophrenia is the most common severe mental illness.
Schizophrenia is the most disabling single illness for young people.
Schizophrenia is the name given to a set of symptoms.
Schizophrenia is the ultimate in psychological breakdown.
Schizophrenia is thus biological de facto.
Schizophrenia is treated mainly with the major tranquillisers.
Schizophrenia is typically a catastrophic illness that begins in adolescence or early adulthood.
Schizophrenia is typically a chronic illness, affecting thinking, originality and drive.
Schizophrenia is, essentially, a disease which distorts thoughts and perception.
Schizophrenia is, essentially, over-consciousness radiation.
Schizophrenia isa condition.
Schizophrenia leave varying degrees of residual impairment.
Schizophrenia manifests itself in drastic ways.
Schizophrenia never goes away.
Schizophrenia occurs at equal rates regardless of education, socioeconomic status, or culture.
Schizophrenia occurs worldwide in all cultures and across all socioeconomic classes.
Schizophrenia offers the classic illustration.
Schizophrenia persists despite the fact that the majority of victims never marry of have children.
Schizophrenia places a major economic burden on society.
Schizophrenia probably has strong biological roots, but can be influenced by environmental stress.
Schizophrenia profoundly affects their health, happiness, and social life.
Schizophrenia ranks as one of the most common mental disorders.
Schizophrenia refers to a number of illnesses with similar features.
Schizophrenia remains frustratingly hard to control.
Schizophrenia remains prevalent and the symptoms are both devastating and heartbreaking.
Schizophrenia requires diligent follow-up care to ensure the most appropriate treatments.
Schizophrenia reveals itself gradually.
Schizophrenia runs in families, and is known to have a strong genetic component.
Schizophrenia runs in families.
Schizophrenia schizophrenia mental illness depression, bipolar.
Schizophrenia seems to be very rare before the age of six.
Schizophrenia seems to run in families, too.
Schizophrenia shows no favorites occupationally or socioeconomically.
Schizophrenia still seems to defy our grasp of it at every turn.
Schizophrenia strikes one in every hundred people.
Schizophrenia strikes roughly one in a hundred men and women.
Schizophrenia suffers from very low public awareness.
Schizophrenia tends to come and go in cycles of remission and relapse.
Schizophrenia tends to run in families.
Schizophrenia tragically afflicts some of America's best and brightest adolescents.
Schizophrenia typically becomes evident when individuals are in their late teens or early twenties.
Schizophrenia typically begins in late adolescence or early adulthood.
Schizophrenia typically develops at an early age.
Schizophrenia typically develops in the late teens and early twenties.
Schizophrenia typically manifests itself in young adult life and under times of stress.
Schizophrenia typically runs in families, but can occur in a family with no history of it.
Schizophrenia yields new gene clues.
Schizophrenia always involves a deterioration from a previous higher level of functioning.
Schizophrenia always involves deterioration and changes from a previous level of functioning.
Schizophrenia always requires treatment.
Schizophrenia frequently occurs in young adults.
Schizophrenia often begins in men a few years earlier than in women.
Schizophrenia often starts out very slowly and progresses to a severely disabling mental illness.
Schizophrenia often starts slowly.
Schizophrenia often strikes during adolescence.
Schizophrenia usually appears earlier in men .
Schizophrenia usually appears earlier in men.
Schizophrenia usually appears for the first time in late adolescence or early adulthood.
Schizophrenia usually begins with gradual onset during adolescence or young adulthood.
Schizophrenia usually starts between the teens and the mid-thirties.
Schizophrenia usually starts in the late teens or in the mid-thirties.
Schizophrenia usually strikes in the late teen years or the twenties.
Schizophrenic patients are unable to filter out certain types of sensory information.
Schizophrenic patients display a lower level of prepulse inhibition than normal subjects.
Schizophrenic patients have their own characteristic odor.
Some schizophrenic patients kill themselves to escape from frightening imaginary persecutors.
A schizophrenic is a psycho
Schizophrenics account for half the population in psychiatric hospitals.
Schizophrenics also lose cognitive ability, retreating into their own worlds.
Schizophrenics also suffer from delusions - false or irrational beliefs.
Schizophrenics are a kind of LAST stop employee-wise.
Schizophrenics are more interesting, anyway, so quit yakking through the entire lecture.
Schizophrenics are psychotics.
Schizophrenics characteristically have auditory hallucinations.
Schizophrenics display a wide array of symptoms.
Schizophrenics go to great lengths to avoid taking medication.
Schizophrenics have a predominance of painful emotions.
Schizophrenics have delusions and hallucinations.
Schizophrenics have multiple personalities.
Schizophrenics occupy more mental hospital beds than patients with any other single diagnosis.
Schizophrenics react to the same stresses as other humans, but with a stronger and quicker reaction.
Schizophrenics replicate that of infant s brain during trauma.
Schizophrenics show spatial working memory deficits.
Schizophrenics show symptoms their whole life.
Schizophrenics show working memory deficits.
Schizophrenics take up more psychiatric hospital beds than all other disorders combined.
Schizophrenics use brain structures they used when traumatized as infants.
Schizophrenics always look younger than they are.
Schizophrenics frequently experience delusions where they believe themselves to be a famous person.
Schizophrenics often become withdrawn and apathetic.
Schizophrenics often have trouble distinguishing external events from self-generated ones.
Schizophrenics often suffer disturbances in mood and behavior.
Schizophrenics sometimes make excellent super readers.
Many schizophrenics find it helps with some of their symptoms.
Many schizophrenics have a sweet odor on their breath, also the result of consuming sugar.
Many schizophrenics spontaneously express themselves through art.
Many schizophrenics suffer from psychosis, and an inability to distinguish reality and imagination.
Most schizophrenics are also addicted to cigarettes.
Most schizophrenics exhibit a split between various ideas and emotions.
Most schizophrenics respond to medication and drug therapy.
Some schizophrenics are incapable of living in an open society.
Some schizophrenics have abnormalities of left or right brain functioning.
Some schizophrenics withdraw from their family and friends.
A schmo is a jerk
Schmoes are just naturally funny.
Any schmo can recite lines.
Schmooze is a conversation
SchMOOze welcomes all people interested in cross-cultural communication.
A schmuck is a jerk
Schmucks are jerks.
Any schmuck can be a one hit wonder.
Any schmuck can consume The notion of consumers' sovereignty is flawed.
Any schmuck can go fast.
Any schmuck can learn to play anything.
Schnapps Fill with bar mix and a splash of grenadine.
Schnapps is poured into instant hot chocolate and topped with the dreaded canned whipped topping.
Most schnapps does, too.
A schnauzer is a terrier
Schnauzers are generally intelligent and learn quickly.
Schnauzers are in the upper middle class of their world.
Schnauzers are prone to diabetes, especially when older.
Schnauzers are terriers.
Schnauzers can live happily indoors if they are given plenty of exercise.
Schnauzers only lead, never follow.
Schnauzers really like to put on a tough-act.
Schnauzers shed very little.
Schnauzers surprise owners, in a bad way Spring is just around the corner.
A schnitzel is a dish
Schnitzels are dishs.
Schnitzels are pork cutlets that are usually breaded and then deep fried.
Schnitzels are young and foolish and annoyingly blithe.
Schnitzels question authority, seek danger, ride fast.
A scholar is an intellectual
Scholar does more than serve web pages.
Scholar emphasizes student use.
Scholar is available as both a board game and CD-ROM .
Scholar is something they are more familiar with.
Scholar lives in Flushing, New York.
Scholar says anarchism is logical end to liberal thought.
Scholar uses math to foil financial fraud.
Scholars acting like scholars, now that's an interesting idea.
Scholars actually find joy and amusement in many of the scientific names.
Scholars agree on the meaning of richness which makes one liable to pay out zakah.
Scholars agree that corn, and popcorn, originated in the Americas.
Scholars agree that for a time women participated in battle.
Scholars agree that more stories from the ancient world have yet to be found.
Scholars agree that singing is strongly present in many different species.
Scholars agree that such a waqs is exempt from zakah.
Scholars also are free to find other seminars to suggest for consideration.
Scholars also attend weekly tutoring sessions for one or two of their fall courses.
Scholars also differ in fixation of the distance.
Scholars also distribute meal coupons, clothing, and toiletry items.
Scholars also have the opportunity to graduate in three years.
Scholars also learn to evaluate their own potential for leadership and their leadership styles.
Scholars also participate in community service activities.
Scholars also participate in tutorials taught by individual faculty members.
Scholars also receive academic advising, tutoring, and counseling.
Scholars also receive allowances for research costs, housing, and relocation expenses.
Scholars also receive annual funding for the support of their research projects.
Scholars also receive priority admission and supplemental financial aid in graduate program.
Scholars also receive special opportunities for excursions and on-campus activities.
Scholars appreciate line numbering so they can easily refer to passages.
Scholars appreciate the timeliness of publishing research in a current catalogue.
Scholars are all over the lot with their answers.
Scholars are also reportedly interested in the Internet.
Scholars are also responsible for travel to and from Washington.
Scholars are artists, athletes, leaders, poets, scientists, musicians, and activists.
Scholars are at work, too.
Scholars are being trained to see hegemony under every bed and so, of course, they do.
Scholars are capable of study bibles.
Scholars are certainly aware that much of the impetus for the liturgical movement came from Europe.
Scholars are creatures of habit.
Scholars are divided, or at least, resigned to uncertainty.
Scholars are divided.
Scholars are especially welcome.
Scholars are high school students with disabilities who are preparing for college.
Scholars are in agreement that maze culture clearly originated in Egypt .
Scholars are in residence for varying lengths of time, although most stay for one or two semesters.
Scholars are intellectuals.
Scholars are librarians.
Scholars are located in universities.
Scholars are more exposed than others to suffer from the mouths of men.
Scholars are motivated and high-achieving students with a wide range of interests.
Scholars are of the devil therefore scholarship is of the devil.
Scholars are often unwilling to receive new theories that challenge the prevailing belief.
Scholars are only as good as their sources.
Scholars are receptive to new ideas and demonstrate a willingness to try new teaching techniques.
Scholars are responsible for making housing arrangements.
Scholars are responsible for room and board, health service fees, and personal expenses.
Scholars are still divided on the effect of that gesture.
Scholars are still divided on the issue.
Scholars are still divided over the ultimate fate of the ancient great library.
Scholars are still undecided on the matter, but scullion is the more generally accepted of the two.
Scholars are students.
Scholars are the detectives.
Scholars are the information gatherers of society.
Scholars are unable to definitively explain the function and use of the moai statues.
Scholars are uncertain about the order of the tales.
Scholars are usually professors or researchers.
Scholars are welcome to apply in one of two categories.
Scholars are welcome to download papers where available.
Scholars are workers.
Scholars argue over the impact race has had on the American labor movement.
Scholars argue that the mosque was originally roofed with domes of various sizes.
Scholars argue whether China recognizes the right of workers to organize themselves.
Scholars arrange to study with a particular faculty member.
Scholars assume the term refers to a hollow money belt.
Scholars attempt to assign works to particular potters and vase-painters.
Scholars attend free of charge, needing only money for personal and incidental expenses.
Scholars become actively engaged in scientific research early in their college careers.
Scholars become publishers.
Scholars believe bone was used to make similar tools in South Carolina.
Scholars believe it has ancient roots linked to initiation ceremonies for youth.
Scholars believe it indicates a Jewish presence.
Scholars believe it is the first time any presidential pardon has been granted posthumously.
Scholars believe it to be the oldest type of Chinese fan.
Scholars believe life in the monasteries changed little over the centuries.
Scholars believe that the document originated from a cleric in Rome or the Frankish empire.
Scholars believe that the monasteries became detached from everyday life in India.
Scholars believe the breed started in the fertile valleys of Turkey and Syria or southern Arabia.
Scholars believe there is evidence that it was originally built of wood.
Scholars belong to a sectarian group of their own.
Scholars benefit from close association with and supervision by faculty researchers.
Scholars bring special expertise in a subject that enriches the usual offerings available.
Scholars build closet classrooms.
Scholars call it academically based service learning.
Scholars call it lapidation.
Scholars call it proto-gnosticism.
Scholars call it the sacred, the holy, the other.
Scholars call the language they developed shemitic or semitic .
Scholars can also participate in a discussion forum.
Scholars can analyze advertisements, posters, paintings, illustrations, works of art.
Scholars can and do debate what constitutes power status.
Scholars can apply for a shorter period starting from three months.
Scholars can arrange in depth clinical experience in specific areas of women s health.
Scholars can be awfully wrong.
Scholars can check into detailed history of the area.
Scholars can consult the collection by appointment.
Scholars can develop the habit of speaking only to each other.
Scholars can discuss and debate ideas with greater efficiency than ever before.
Scholars can draw on their professional expertise to engage in a wide array of community outreach.
Scholars can expect about one hour of homework per course each week.
Scholars can investigate the background to key decisions.
Scholars can negotiate to retain all or some of their rights.
Scholars can no longer go to the library to read a thesis without the student's permission.
Scholars can now rejoice in the availability of some authoritative complement to their own notes.
Scholars can only use the technology that is available.
Scholars can piece together part of the origin of Daniel.
Scholars can provide the big picture.
Scholars can pursue either a second bachelor's or a higher degree.
Scholars can receive scholarships based on their grades and involvement in high school.
Scholars can seek alternative electronic publications for the dissemination of their research.
Scholars can share their experiences, ask questions, and exchange ideas.
Scholars can use the material in other formats.
Scholars can write their own short story.
Scholars celebrate birthdays with the Honors faculty members .
Scholars claim it goes all the way back to ancient Egypt.
Scholars claim that it is impossible to determine which is right and which is wrong.
Scholars claim that Swahili is a combination of a number of languages.
Scholars claim that the ancient Greek literature was the basis of all Roman literature.
Scholars claim to approach it without any presuppositions of faith.
Scholars come from all over the world to use the museum's collection.
Scholars come from around the world.
Scholars come to study what's been done, and take copies elsewhere.
Scholars conceptualize the employment relationship in various ways.
Scholars consider it one of the last great unexcavated Roman temples.
Scholars continue to develop their portfolios.
Scholars continue to employ both terms, some simply opting to reproduce the German word.
Scholars continue to examine and analyze historical events.
Scholars continue to find and publish new insights into what the book says and how it says it.
Scholars continue to find new uses for the plants.
Scholars debate nearly all of the particulars associated with the phenomenon known as prophecy.
Scholars debate on the question.
Scholars debate the birth date and place.
Scholars debate the genesis of the mountain's name.
Scholars decry growing use of part-timers.
Scholars deny the book or work of art any inherent meaning.
Scholars develop a fervor for learning that has become contagious on campus.
Scholars differ about what happened next.
Scholars differ about whether low fertility is a temporary or persistent phenomenon.
Scholars differ as to when the it was built.
Scholars differ as to when the zakah for loans is paid.
Scholars differ at time.
Scholars differ by one or two years.
Scholars differ in their ideas of where they came from before that.
Scholars differ on what really happened.
Scholars differ widely on the origins and date of the work.
Scholars dilute the Bible text.
Scholars disagree about how accurate it is but the article serves as a springboard for discussion.
Scholars disagree about the controversy's details.
Scholars disagree about the effect of the Bolshevik Revolution on homosexual rights.
Scholars disagree about the etymology of the word chemistry .
Scholars disagree about the length of the creation days.
Scholars disagree about the location of the event.
Scholars disagree about what actually happened in Hosea s life.
Scholars disagree on a founding date for the mission.
Scholars disagree on how much of ancient history can be reconstructed.
Scholars disagree on how to quantify efficiency of slavery.
Scholars disagree on the primary reason for Assyria's abandonment of their siege on Jerusalem.
Scholars disagree on the year of the marriage.
Scholars discern the hand of ten different scribes, making many, many alterations.
Scholars discover that the home is a panoramic window into Jewish culture and history.
Scholars discuss the historical setting and practical impact of various arts.
Scholars distinguish several types of parallelism.
Scholars divide the 'Mesoamerian' civilization development into three periods.
Scholars divide the six modern Celtic languages into two main groups.
Scholars don t have to use books as the basis of achieving one s education.
Scholars embark on a journey of discovery, extending from Mesopotamia to Canaan to Jerusalem.
Scholars enjoy a prestigious two year fellowship with an attractive remuneration package.
Scholars enjoy acceleration in their academic, career and personal development.
Scholars evaluate research studies on a specific topic and provide an extensive bibliography.
Scholars even go from door to door.
Scholars even say that considering international rules as laws is a kind of leniency.
Scholars everywhere place it among the top five in the nation.
Scholars find new insights in a discipline long discarded.
Scholars find that many cultures are tolerant towards homosexuality and bisexuality.
Scholars find that many cultures take a tolerant attitude towards homosexuality and bisexuality.
Scholars further isolate some other elements of literary tradition.
Scholars gain more than financial support.
Scholars gather, maintain and preserve our cultural history and love to share their knowledge.
Scholars generally agree that all that the antagonists had to do was wait for an opportunity.
Scholars generally agree that the word righteousness is a strongly forensic or legal word.
Scholars generally meets the first and third Wednesdays of every month.
Scholars generally receive funding for up to two years.
Scholars generally say they are the same person.
Scholars give up higher income for lifetime security.
Scholars have a responsibility to make their case and to listen to reasonable criticism.
Scholars have access to all of the world's significant music literature.
Scholars have an obligation to share their findings in a way that they can be understood widely.
Scholars have as much as two and a half hours of homework a night.
Scholars have different opinions.
Scholars have different views on whether the woman is also required to make such a compensation.
Scholars have difficulty defining which ancient Egyptian beliefs are myths .
Scholars have no direct incentive to care about the costs of journals to libraries.
Scholars have ongoing encouragement to stay in school, set goals and plan for their futures.
Scholars have rights and responsibilities deriving from their highest standards.
Scholars have the potential for inclusion on publications based on their year-long projects.
Scholars have universities and colleges to study in.
Scholars hold different opinions about the feminine figure it represents.
Scholars hold different opinions as to the night which is the night of qadr.
Scholars host an educational conference annually.
Scholars hypothesize that a tear in the bar of gold deterred the goldsmith from finishing the torc.
Scholars identify the causes of poverty as being both structural and behavioral.
Scholars increasingly are familiar with and adept at using Japanese electronic resources.
Scholars initiate and make proposals instead of waiting for assignments.
Scholars inquire and assimilate information.
Scholars invariably begin with a premise that miracles are untenable.
Scholars keep several things in mind as they make choices.
Scholars keep their awards for four years, as long as they meet selection criteria.
Scholars know little else about Maya medicine.
Scholars know that oil was used to anoint priests and kings.
Scholars know the evidence, but are unwilling or unable to give up the thesis.
Scholars learn best when they are willing to teach and teach best when they are willing to learn.
Scholars learn personal and civic responsibility through community service projects.
Scholars learn techniques for taking good pictures, then do so in group shoots and by themselves.
Scholars live in The Cloister, a residential facility.
Scholars look for such things in the work, such as images of darkness, death and rebirth, or water.
Scholars love to debate with each other about who is right and who is wrong.
Scholars maintain antichrist refers to a system of belief and individual persons.
Scholars meet in pairs for weekly tutorials with the instructor.
Scholars normally answer that the Aumist doctrine is firmly against violence and suicides.
Scholars note many reasons for the relatively low number of extant dramas.
Scholars note that times have changed over the last three decades.
Scholars now believe that it was originally an island.
Scholars offer various models for understanding the systematic nature of campaigns.
Scholars only wish to see the manuscripts.
Scholars participate in academic seminars, field trip to research sites, and research internships.
Scholars participate in special extracurricular activities and classes.
Scholars participate year-round using electronic mail and by att ending local events.
Scholars point out that Javanese kings simply have power.
Scholars predict the discovery of more sites before groundbreaking.
Scholars prefer photographs to fonts.
Scholars produce scientific information and use it.
Scholars provide factual information and summaries of topics.
Scholars punctuate the narration but never disagree.
Scholars push for cultural diversity in curriculum.
Scholars quote that a lot.
Scholars range from neophytes to experts in the field of packaging.
Scholars rate both presidents, by the way, as among the nation's worst.
Scholars read texts like drivers read diversion signs.
Scholars receive a certificate annually showing how their trust has grown.
Scholars receive a competitive stipend and travel expenses.
Scholars receive a paid student assistantship at the end of their sophomore year.
Scholars receive a portion of the grant when the award is announced.
Scholars receive a significant monthly stipend.
Scholars receive a stipend for their projects and associated expenses.
Scholars receive academic year and summer scholarships and participate in various special events.
Scholars receive full tuition, room and board, and books.
Scholars receive funds for senior year and for graduate studies.
Scholars receive room and board during the duration of the summer research programs.
Scholars receive round trip transportation, all tuition fees as well as room and board.
Scholars receive summer housing or housing compensation.
Scholars receive tuition and monthly stipend.
Scholars recognize that knowledge represents power, particularly in a participatory democracy.
Scholars recommend extensive reading practice, daily read-aloud, and routine writing.
Scholars rediscover a largely forgotten Soviet dissident writer.
Scholars regard it as the greatest monument to old Scottish poetry.
Scholars regularly consider which provides the greater deterrent.
Scholars remain active in patient care in their area of clinical expertise.
Scholars return to their respective home schools to attend classes the remainder of the day.
Scholars say it has no parallel in any earlier or non-Western society.
Scholars say it's the rarest of Poe's significant volumes, letters and manuscripts.
Scholars say meteorites have long been used by Native American religious leaders as sacred objects.
Scholars say one thing, politicians say another.
Scholars say the murder signified the end of Platonic teaching in Alexandria and the Roman Empire.
Scholars say the senators are on the spot.
Scholars say the word caddy evolved from cadet, the term for the queen's assistants.
Scholars say they hint at mystical practices once common but now lost in the mists of time.
Scholars say, however, there's a lot more to that story from the Mexican army.
Scholars scour the centuries in search of physical proof.
Scholars scrutinize porno flicks and Congressional records for the faintest allusion.
Scholars scurry to assign meaning to elements of popular culture.
Scholars seriously question whether it even occured then.
Scholars show maximum integrity with students, data, and one another.
Scholars speak at dozens of churches every year.
Scholars spend one day a week in classes, and three days a week in their internship.
Scholars spend their lives studying and teaching it in universities and seminaries.
Scholars spend years mastering the patterns of ideas and names that go together.
Scholars stand to save money as well as storage.
Scholars stay on top of their field by writing about it, defenders of the practice say.
Scholars still debate the date and authorship of the letter.
Scholars still debate the nature of Greek fire.
Scholars still debate what happened.
Scholars still debate, however, as to what actually occurred.
Scholars studying the ruins still make worldwide headlines with every major discovery.
Scholars suggest humans find a sense of security and order when viewing repetitive geometric shapes.
Scholars suspect that nos.
Scholars take note.
Scholars tend to agree.
Scholars tend to award that accolade to each other.
Scholars tend to go right back to the scrolls, and frequently disagree over some words.
Scholars then bell head there quintuplets.
Scholars theorize that three artists collaborated on the illustrations.
Scholars too are at a loss because no adequate word index is available.
Scholars translate it differently.
Scholars turn to the internet to learn about grant opportunities.
Scholars typically are senior people in their fields.
Scholars understand sociocultural evolution as a set of processes that have to be understood.
Scholars use it to separate fact from fiction and to interpret the human record.
Scholars use modern digital tools to translate ancient Buddhist texts.
Scholars use shipwrecks to understand the past.
Scholars vary considerably in their positions about e-journals.
Scholars watch astronauts training inside the motion based simulator.
Scholars wonder if the cause is in the stars.
Scholars work best in an atmosphere of freedom.
Scholars work in small groups to research a blue-chip company.
Scholars work on a research project with the guidance of a faculty sponsor.
Scholars work with their university mentor and coach to plan study and training regimes.
Scholars work with their university mentor and coach to plan their study and training regimes.
Scholars working in all fields and time periods are welcome.
Scholars working in any field related to the Seminar's main topic are welcome to participate.
Scholars write articles based on their own research.
Scholars write poems about the moon .
Scholars often disagree over many issues.
Scholars often dismiss such violence against women with culturally relative objectivity.
Scholars often find it useful even necessary to consult with their colleagues.
Scholars often see the appearance of monumental architecture and sculpture as important.
Scholars often travel overseas, where their services are much in demand.
Scholars usually have a Ph.D. in a humanities discipline or at least alternative credentials.
Scholars usually provide their own funds from sabbatical income or other sources.
Scholars usually take one course the first semester and two the second semester.
All scholars agree that there is no minmum or maximum time limit between two menstrual periods.
All scholars are mathematicians.
All scholars are very welcome to contribute articles or photographs for future newsletters.
All scholars are welcome to submit proposals for papers or panels.
All scholars have strengths and weaknesses but all have something to say.
All scholars have the background knowledge and skills to successfully investigate the problem.
All scholars receive full room and board, as well as textbooks and course materials, free of charge.
All scholars rewrite.
Any scholar knows the importance of a diversity of independent evidence.
Every scholar cites sources.
Every scholar enjoys the prospect of a sabbatical leave, especially directors of institutes.
Every scholar needs to consult sources and retrieve information in the course of research.
Many scholars agree that early Japan is identified as an age of feminine hegemony.
Many scholars also assume that all agency is oppositional and that to exercise agency is to resist.
Many scholars are now busy mocking pomobabble.
Many scholars are understandably skeptical about any such bland, processed information.
Many scholars argue that partition creates more problems than it solves.
Many scholars become highly suspicious.
Many scholars believe it reflects an actual battle of ancient India.
Many scholars believe Scripture writers used tanniyn to describe images of dinosaurs in the Bible.
Many scholars believe that chs.
Many scholars believe that perhaps it was written after the exile.
Many scholars believe that several breeds of Korean dogs perished at the time.
Many scholars believe that the court was meeting in the agora at the time of Paul.
Many scholars believe that the letter went first to a church in or near Rome.
Many scholars believe that the missionaries spent the winter in Paris.
Many scholars believe that they can view the Second Amendment in a restrictive fashion.
Many scholars believe the book to be a classic in the genre of Civil War memoirs.
Many scholars believe the Mesopotamian and Biblical accounts are related.
Many scholars can read Egyptian hieroglyphics but no-one knows how the language was spoken.
Many scholars claim the behemoth is the hippopotamus of today.
Many scholars claim the manuscript is a hoax.
Many scholars conduct research in the respective areas.
Many scholars consider it one of the finest full-length works on black history.
Many scholars consider it the greatest navigational feat in history.
Many scholars consider pre-kindergarten vital to the advancement of children starting school.
Many scholars consider that fluid pure analogy with semen.
Many scholars contend that no comprehensive theoretical framework exists within the field.
Many scholars count it as a three-time divorce.
Many scholars debate the causes for their decline and eventual extinction.
Many scholars develop lasting friendships here.
Many scholars evaluate Bible versions following a naturalistic method.
Many scholars find such judgments disturbing.
Many scholars find their colleagues to be their most important resource when conducting research.
Many scholars go on to earn master's and doctoral degrees at top universities.
Many scholars hypothesize that presidents attempt to bring order to decision making.
Many scholars implicitly assume improvements in schooling reflect private choices.
Many scholars now know that the Bible creation stories had their origins in far older tales.
Many scholars nowadays write seriously about the ludicrous.
Many scholars place it in the postexilic period.
Many scholars prefer that no changes whatsoever be made in the electronic version of a text.
Many scholars presume that the current text seems to be a composite work of various dates.
Many scholars question the story of the Exodus.
Many scholars regard living beings as mere machines and reject the idea of a vital force.
Many scholars relate the origin of gher to the history of cattle breeding.
Many scholars say that seid was like shamanism.
Many scholars see the maypole as a phallic symbol.
Many scholars share a research interest in the area of medieval art and architecture.
Many Scholars speak in churches and address community groups.
Many scholars spend their lives usefully establishing intellectual contexts for English poetry.
Many scholars stay there in the summer months.
Many scholars still view the war and Germany's defeat in terms of isolated components.
Many scholars stress that the copies alone are precious treasures.
Many scholars suggest that myths also represent a tradition of oral history.
Many scholars think so.
Many scholars think that the voyages actually did take place.
Many scholars use it to maintain A and B averages.
More scholars increases the number of HPSAs served.
Most scholars accept the mask theatre as being a close relative of the puppet theatre.
Most scholars agree that corn came to Europe after the 'discovery' of America by Columbus.
Most scholars agree that gunpowder was probably first discovered in China in ancient times.
Most scholars agree that it was some sort of spiritual center dating from very ancient times.
Most scholars agree that one third of the angels fell into sin and became demons.
Most scholars agree that the function of gargoyles extends beyond drainage and superficial decor.
Most scholars agree that the manuscript is a copy of a more ancient text.
Most scholars agree that unionism peaked sometime around the end of the Korean War.
Most scholars agree the historicity of such an event is unlikely.
Most scholars agree the soul is the essence of our being, our consciousness.
Most scholars agree with the conventional chronology.
Most scholars also consider Slovenia, Slovakia, and Croatia to be part of Central Europe.
Most scholars are skeptical of meter in Hebrew poetry.
Most scholars associate it with the establishment of the Millennial Kingdom in Israel.
Most scholars believe it was accidental.
Most scholars believe it was the eastern entrance into the actual temple.
Most scholars believe that . . .
Most scholars believe that it was simply an artistic convention.
Most scholars believe that the word order supports the second translation.
Most scholars believe the awkward transition actually reflects a segment missing from the film.
Most scholars believe the dialogue was written more or less without interruption by another work.
Most scholars believe the latter.
Most scholars believe the Torah was written down much later.
Most scholars date it to the second century.
Most scholars describe it as carvings on whale teeth and baleen, done by whalemen at sea.
Most scholars dismiss the existence of the creature.
Most scholars feel that it was probably composed at a later date.
Most scholars find it much easier to annotate paper manuscripts than electronic drafts.
Most scholars find it necessary to learn about and apply to several possible sources of support.
Most scholars focus instead on the theological lessons learned through that servant.
Most scholars look on it as a baptismal sermon cast in letter form.
Most scholars maintain that one who is performing a voluntary fast can break it.
Most scholars now follow a similar approach in discussing christology and evolution.
Most scholars now relate the jawbone to Neandertal.
Most scholars propose that it be understood as some species of locust, perhaps a katydid.
Most scholars say no.
Most scholars say that one can wipe over either one.
Most scholars speak in place of the believers.
Most scholars stress the sin and punishment aspects of prophecy.
Most scholars think it's a fable.
Most scholars view Oates as a writer of fatalism and pessimism.
Some scholars affirm the first while denying the second.
Some scholars also consider Croatia to be part of the Balkans.
Some scholars also see something else at work.
Some scholars are like that.
Some scholars are loathe to attribute any serious trends in style to one person.
Some scholars are of the opinion that the former method is better.
Some scholars argue for a much earlier date.
Some scholars argue that academe has never been above a good slugfest.
Some scholars argue that certain national cultures are more conducive to corruption.
Some scholars argue that even more high-level attention is needed.
Some scholars argue that it also has shifted power away from government to the private market.
Some scholars argue that superstardom has a useful role in society.
Some scholars argue that the imperial metropolis was designed and laid out in plan as a vast puma.
Some scholars argue that the three pathways are so closely intertwined as to be inseparable.
Some scholars argue that they all evolved from the ancient cholent but that is a self-centered view.
Some scholars assert that severalhundred thousand people died, mostly in China.
Some scholars attach a negative connotation to the term such as to usurp or to abuse.
Some scholars attribute it to te workshop.
Some scholars believe it is an eclipse that is being described here.
Some scholars believe it makes little sense to talk about a common culture.
Some scholars believe that a temple existed here in Roman, or possibly even Punic, times.
Some scholars believe that it means sexual intercourse with the woman above the man.
Some scholars believe that it was created during the Roman occupation of England.
Some scholars believe that the flaws of high-stakes testing have been exaggerated.
Some scholars believe that the increasing pace of American life doomed the signs.
Some scholars believe that the tower was a large structure, probably used for farming purposes.
Some scholars believe that there's a significance in the number of fish the disciples caught.
Some scholars believe that they are by Sappho, others emphatically deny it.
Some scholars believe the document to be a forerunner of the First Amendment.
Some scholars believe the varnas evolved into the jatis.
Some scholars believe there also was some later retouching of the hands.
Some scholars claim that even one drop of religion poisons the program s entire well.
Some scholars claim that the motif is limited to instruments particularly liable to cause pain.
Some scholars claim that writing arose in order to record accounting information.
Some scholars compare ancient references to honeydew that came from the heavens.
Some scholars consider it the single most important artifact in Israel.
Some scholars consider such sounds the most primitive elements of language.
Some scholars contend that family decline is a myth and that the family is merely changing.
Some scholars decide to submit articles only to mainstream journals.
Some scholars define 'legitimacy' as the belief that a particular political order is just and valid.
Some scholars define mathematics as observation, experiment, discovery and conjecture.
Some scholars demand a separation between biblical revelation and inspiration.
Some scholars describe that perspective by pairing two contrasting adverbs of time.
Some scholars describe the opening words of the Second Amendment as the justification clause.
Some scholars disagree about Conn's reigning years.
Some scholars dismiss farce as somehow a lesser theatrical form.
Some scholars dispute the notion that the cities practice fiscal discrimination.
Some scholars doubt the time of the bridegroom s arrival to be plausible in that context in time.
Some scholars downdate.
Some scholars even attribute the environmental crisis to western religion.
Some scholars even see the whole people of Israel as the suffering servants.
Some scholars even use the term broadly to mean archaeology supplemented with historical writings.
Some scholars expect the second-generation churches to continue growing.
Some scholars feel that it goes way back to creation.
Some scholars find it less expensive to purchase insurance in their home country.
Some scholars further require that it be given on behalf of a fetus.
Some scholars go so far as to equate Bible prophecy with the predictions given by ancient oracles.
Some scholars go so far as to say that it was the beginning of the church.
Some scholars hold that the difference of one and two relates to urban and rural areas.
Some scholars insist the chief steward was a slave chosen to serve the tables.
Some scholars insist, as well, on cultural requirements for successful democratization.
Some scholars interpret the carvings as a depictions of the Aztec cosmos.
Some scholars maintain that it was a calligraphic form of a bird.
Some scholars maintain that religion evolved out of a belief in animal spirits.
Some scholars maintain they are Persian.
Some scholars maintain two areas of research, one mainstream and one nonmainstream.
Some scholars object outright to any government engineering of racial advantage.
Some scholars opine that it is better for women to gather themselves in sujood.
Some scholars pick their wardrobes based on personal taste.
Some scholars prefer to use endnotes and footnotes to document sources.
Some scholars propose that disease was even more destructive.
Some scholars question research methods of expert on Internet addiction.
Some scholars question that London's socialism waned so in later life.
Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors.
Some scholars raise the issues of exclusivity and scarcity as the precursors of property rights.
Some scholars regard it as a forgery, but others think it is authentic.
Some scholars regard it as Valentinian in character.
Some scholars regularly participate in discussion groups to debate thorny global issues.
Some scholars say an alabaster box and ointment was worth a life s savings.
Some scholars say it comes from the Spanish or Mexican peso.
Some scholars say it is in about the same zone for alcoholism.
Some scholars say it's just bad writing.
Some scholars say it's no wonder that cults have become more violent-so has America.
Some scholars say no.
Some scholars say such laws probably are unenforceable.
Some scholars say that possibly it was the very week prior to the flood.
Some scholars say that the experimental approach is resisted for ideological reasons.
Some scholars say that was so.
Some scholars say the laws probably are unenforceable.
Some scholars say the storm that killed the sailor was catastrophic in scale.
Some scholars say they focus on different subjects, such as ruling and self-improvement.
Some scholars see the buzz about free agency as hype.
Some scholars seem to agree.
Some scholars speak to the ghost.
Some scholars state that the above claim has been disproved.
Some scholars suggest a topographic key.
Some scholars suggest that it is related to the Hebrew word shad , meaning breast.
Some scholars suspect the predictions as having being later inventions.
Some scholars tend to add ideological or religious aims to the list of political aims.
Some scholars think it is a fake, but most seem to share the opinion that it is genuine.
Some scholars think it was early in the month, others towards the end.
Some scholars think Pythagoras and Thales are partly mythical.
Some scholars think that it is more appropriate to think about jurisprudence as a continuum.
Some scholars think that the present letter is a composite of three different ones.
Some scholars think the document is a fake, but most seem to share the opinion that it is genuine.
Some scholars think the word means peace.
Some scholars try to generalize the lesson so much that the parable teaches little at all.
Some scholars worry that electronic journals are likely to be less permanent than printed journals.
Scholarhsip funds come from grant funds and from the employer.
Scholarly ability involves research, scholarship, and creative activity.
Scholarly achievement is a necessary component of professional development.
Scholarly achievement is an essential qualification.
Scholarly activities are in faculty development and computer technology in education.
Scholarly activities are on the rise.
Scholarly activities is discipline specific.
Scholarly activity encompasses both acquisition and dissemination behaviors.
Scholarly activity incurs two types of costs.
Scholarly activity is encouraged.
Scholarly activity is fundamental to our core missions of teaching and patient care.
Scholarly activity is marked by honesty, fairness and rigor.
Scholarly activity is more general or encompassing than research.
Scholarly activity is required.
Scholarly advice is everywhere in Taiwan.
Scholarly agenda is set jointly with community.
Scholarly approach blends research with examples from missionary families.
Scholarly arguments are welcome as are everyday observations.
Scholarly articles appear in scholarly journals.
Scholarly articles are concerned with current news events worldwide.
Scholarly articles are generally longer than articles in a popular magazine.
Scholarly articles are generally much longer than articles in popular magazine.
Scholarly articles are generally much longer than articles in popular magazines.
Scholarly articles are refereed, i.e., reviewed anonymously by at least three readers.
Scholarly articles are usually several pages long.
Scholarly articles can be lengthy and are factual and written by an expert in the field.
Scholarly articles contain a bibliography or list of references to indicate the sources used.
Scholarly articles contribute to the body of knowledge on specific topics.
Scholarly articles explore the relationship of science and theology.
Scholarly articles tend to include technical vocabulary and are often refereed or peer reviewed.
Scholarly articles tend to include very few photographs.
Most scholarly articles have an abstract at the beginning.
Most scholarly associations are small or medium-sized groups with limited, overtaxed staffs.
Scholarly bibliographies exist as well as work created by eighth grade classes.
Scholarly bibliography accompanies every essay.
Scholarly books tend to be published by university presses.
Most scholarly citations are to books, government documents, and articles in professional journals.
Scholarly communication is basically through publishing journal articles and books.
Scholarly communication is currently at a crossroads of competing interests.
Scholarly communication is in crisis.
Scholarly communication is said to be in a crisis.
Scholarly communities can exist across time.
Scholarly creativity is encouraged.
Scholarly detachment is all very well.
Scholarly development is a process that requires both independent effort and an investment of time.
All scholarly disciplines have dictionaries for the specialized terminology of the discipline.
Every scholarly discipline has a preferred format or style for citing sources.
Scholarly discussion is encouraged.
Scholarly documents are also often logos-driven.
Scholarly documentation exists as a help to the reader.
Scholarly documentation is provided for readers who wish to investigate technical details.
Scholarly editions have many kinds of metadata.
Scholarly endeavors benefit our students by contributing to faculty vitality and currency.
Scholarly enterprise is defined as a research style paper.
Scholarly excellence is our primary criterion.
Scholarly experimentation is based on professional standards for conducting research activities.
Scholarly information can be either primary information or secondary information.
Scholarly input is encouraged.
Scholarly inquiry disciplines our curiosity and leads it on to knowledge.
Scholarly inquiry includes submission of one's work for professional review and evaluation.
Scholarly inquiry is made lively through the use of a combination of diverse academic perspectives.
Most scholarly inquiry strives for objective knowledge.
Scholarly interest is in leadership development.
Scholarly interests are in constitutional law, federal courts, and administrative law.
Scholarly interests are in sexual minority issues, child welfare, and mental health.
Scholarly interests are of value and encouraged in the applicants.
Scholarly interests are pediatric dentistry and periodontics.
Scholarly journals are also available on-line.
Scholarly journals are also often very different in format.
Scholarly journals are an essential outlet for important research.
Scholarly journals are often concerned with very specific subjects, indicated by their titles.
Scholarly journals are professional or refereed journals.
Scholarly journals communicate the results of research in the field of study covered by the journal.
Scholarly journals contain articles that have been written by experts in their fields.
Scholarly journals contain articles written by academic researchers.
Scholarly journals contain articles written by professionals in the field.
Scholarly journals contain few, if any, advertisements .
Scholarly journals contain few, if any, pictures.
Scholarly journals contain in-depth information on a subject, including reports of research.
Scholarly journals cover the humanities, social sciences, political and general science.
Scholarly journals differ from popular magazines in a variety of ways.
Scholarly journals employ footnotes or parenthetical citations to reference their sources.
Scholarly journals have articles that are lengthy and list reference in footnotes.
Scholarly journals have articles that are lengthy and list references in footnotes.
Scholarly journals have lengthy articles that do list bibliographical references in footnotes.
Scholarly journals lack the slick advertising, want ads, coupons, etc., found in popular magazines.
Scholarly journals look serious and sober.
Scholarly journals provide authoritative, well researched analyses of topics in all subject areas.
Scholarly journals publish articles that communicate recent research results in a field of study.
Scholarly journals publish articles that report the results of research.
Scholarly journals publish peer reviewed articles.
Scholarly journals publish the results of research in the specialty area.
Scholarly journals rely on reviewers' contributions to make decisions regarding publication.
Scholarly journals report on original research or experimentation.
Scholarly journals report original research or experiments and are often highly technical.
Scholarly journals report research, theory and analysis on topics in academic disciplines.
Scholarly journals report the results of research, but only months after the fact.
Scholarly journals tend to spend much more time looking backward than looking ahead.
Many scholarly journals are available on the Web.
Many scholarly journals are available online.
Many scholarly journals are refereed .
Many scholarly journals follow a continuous pagination format.
Most scholarly journals use continuous pagination through each annual volume.
Some scholarly journals are accessible via the Internet.
Scholarly language supports the theory that the monument has religious significance.
Scholarly life is short, though, because there are no eyeglasses.
Scholarly literature aims less to describe than to explain.
Scholarly literature is an essential element of the scholarly communication system.
Scholarly outreach uses evaluation methods to improve the quality of future work.
Scholarly paper is required.
Any scholarly paper is, above all, an exercise in stating, developing and defending an idea.
Scholarly periodicals report on original research, theory, or experimentation.
Scholarly pieces report on original research.
Scholarly project is required involving an area of nursing for in-depth investigations.
Scholarly prominence brings recognition from our intellectual peers.
Scholarly publication is one way to measure the past success of our research efforts.
Scholarly publications are important, but so are making results available to the general public.
Scholarly publications are usually text-based with no flashy graphics, pictures, or logos.
Scholarly publications tend to cater to very focused, academic audiences.
Many scholarly publications contain inaccuracies.
Some scholarly publications are for members of professional organizations.
Most scholarly publishers pay no royalties on the first few hundred sales and some pay none at all.
Scholarly publishing has many worthy disciplines of rigour which improve thinking and presentation.
Scholarly publishing is competitive.
Scholarly publishing makes public what for many is a very private activity.
Scholarly pursuits forge one of the links with both the university and the community at large.
Scholarly research is a major focus in the second year of the fellowship.
Scholarly research is an integral component of upper-division courses.
Scholarly research is meant to be public, to increase public knowledge.
Scholarly research is meant to be used by everyone, to be added to public knowledge.
Scholarly research is question oriented.
Scholarly research is the first step in any research project.
Scholarly research requires self-discipline, imagination, confidence and persistence.
Scholarly research shows that effective schools are based on flexibility and individual autonomy.
Much scholarly research is still only available in traditional print form.
Scholarly skills are difficult to learn.
Scholarly societies feel powerfully the needs, claims, and rights of authors and publishers.
Scholarly societies feel powerfully the needs, clairns, and rights of authors and publishers.
Many scholarly societies publish their own journals.
Scholarly sources are more challenging to read but offer greater depth and detail.
Scholarly sources are traditionally very strongly text-based.
Scholarly sources assume a greater level of sophistication and knowledge on the part of the reader.
Scholarly sources use language that assumes a certain level of scholarly background.
Scholarly standards can take a back seat to comforting minorities and shaming whites.
Scholarly submissions are open to all students.
Some scholarly texts offer alternative formulae.
Scholarly treatment is emphasized.
Many scholarly trips attract an older crowd, since seniors have the interest, income, and time. . .
Scholarly work includes traditional academic research as well as arts-specific activity.
Scholarly work is different from polemic or agument.
Scholarly work is often less immediately profitable than more pragmatic goals.
Scholarly work is required for tenure and promotion.
Scholarly work is validated by external review.
Scholarly works are often no better.
Scholarly works exist that demonstrate that collecting an adequate range of materials is possible.
Many scholarly works contain annotations that require marking.
Scholarly writing is on-going.
Scholars rocks can be any color.
Scholars rocks can weigh hundreds of pounds or less than one pound.
Scholarship funds are also available for authors with accepted submissions.
Scholarship funds are an excellent, lasting memorial to a loved one.
Scholarship funds are an important way to support the educational goals of students.
Scholarship funds are available for participation in the band.
Scholarship funds are available for several programs.
Scholarship funds are available in the performance areas.
Scholarship funds are available to families who can demonstrate financial difficulties.
Scholarship funds are available upon request.
Scholarship funds are available, however.
Scholarship funds are available.
Scholarship funds are limited and students are encouraged to apply early.
Scholarship funds are limited so early enrollment is encouraged.
Scholarship funds are limited, but extensive fundraising consultation is available.
Scholarship funds are limited, but fundraising consultation is available.
Scholarship funds are limited.
Scholarship funds are necessary to provide the incentive for academic excellence.
Scholarship funds are set aside for each semester a student attains all A s and B s.
Scholarship funds are so important today with the rising cost of higher education.
Scholarship funds are subject to federal and state taxes.
Scholarship funds are to be allocated for tuition, fees, and books.
Scholarship funds are to be allocated for tuition, fees, books, and living expenses.
Scholarship funds are to be applied towards undergraduate studies.
Scholarship funds can have very specific criteria.
Scholarship funds come from alumni donations and our endowed scholarships.
Scholarship funds constitute the largest single use of the assets of the foundation.
Scholarship funds continue to be available.
Scholarship funds help local students further their education and training.
Scholarship funds insure student support.
Scholarship funds provide direct non-obligation aid to students.
All scholarship funds are subject to legislative and university funding.
Some scholarship funds are available upon request.
Some scholarship funds are available.
Some scholarship funds require an interview.
Scholarship advances learning in the public arena and transforms instruction in the classroom.
Scholarship affects all areas of the university.
Scholarship also has to pass the PC test.
Scholarship Apply to applicant's state delegate.
Scholarship are available.
Scholarship are due.
Scholarship are renewable.
Scholarship becomes spiritual when it serves the needs of others.
Scholarship begins to mean something new.
Scholarship builds on previous work and reaches in new directions.
Scholarship can be in the reconstruction process or manifested in choreography.
Scholarship can be renewed for up to four years provided continued academic promise is shown.
Scholarship can enable students to pursue traditional higher education or vocational training.
Scholarship can extend the frontiers of human knowledge.
Scholarship can include presentations as well as publications, practice, philosophy and research.
Scholarship can only nourish in a liberal and tolerant environment.
Scholarship can vary depending on the field or discipline that the professor works in.
Scholarship can, however, also precede the flag.
Scholarship clearly helps teaching.
Scholarship complicates things.
Scholarship consists of a short examination.
Scholarship covers all fees, travel and most living expenses.
Scholarship covers course fees, excursions, room and partial board.
Scholarship covers full-time tuition for one year.
Scholarship covers registration fees only.
Scholarship demands no less on the part of the parties involved.
Scholarship depends upon the reliability of information and reference in the work of others.
Scholarship depends upon the written and published results of research.
Scholarship distinguishes a university from all other institutions.
Scholarship drives excellence in all our activities, including the education of our students.
Scholarship encompasses the activities of discovery, integration, application, and teaching.
Scholarship founded by our organization is awarded to an eligible junior every year.
Scholarship has a special role to play here.
Scholarship has no place here.
Scholarship includes a tuition and fee waiver.
Scholarship includes a two-week study tour of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Scholarship includes round-trip airfare from Moline, Ill., to Dusseldorf, Germany.
Scholarship includes tuition and fees.
Scholarship involves academic achievements in course work and research activities.
Scholarship involves academic peer review of both quality and quantity.
Scholarship involves more than just good grades.
Scholarship is a cash award based on student's academic merit.
Scholarship is a commitment to learning.
Scholarship is a craft with tested and time-honored standards.
Scholarship is a form of work like any other.
Scholarship is a fundamental expectation for anyone in an academic role.
Scholarship is a great concern to all sororities.
Scholarship is a key requirement along with service to the community, leadership and character.
Scholarship is a large part of the sorority ideal.
Scholarship is a main focus of our organization.
Scholarship is a necessary condition for continuous teaching and learning.
Scholarship is a noble and honorable carrier.
Scholarship is a primary objective of Theta Chi Fraternity.
Scholarship is a priority for all Greek letter organizations.
Scholarship is a prize
Scholarship is a stated ideal and objective of all fraternity constitutions.
Scholarship is a strong consideration.
Scholarship is a top priority for fraternity members.
Scholarship is a tuition waiver.
Scholarship is a waiver of out of state tuition.
Scholarship is aid
Scholarship is all about finding new relationships and moving the field forward.
Scholarship is also an integral part of Greek life.
Scholarship is also an integral part of our chapter.
Scholarship is also at the foundation of our outreach and service to the community.
Scholarship is also available to incoming freshmen.
Scholarship is also broad.
Scholarship is always an ongoing and interactive process.
Scholarship is an important responsibility of every faculty member.
Scholarship is announced when an award vacancy occurs.
Scholarship is applied toward tuition.
Scholarship is as much a part of what they offer the collecting public as are the objects they sell.
Scholarship is as much an opportunity for brotherhood as it is for academic success.
Scholarship is assigned a higher priority than service.
Scholarship is available every Spring.
Scholarship is available for qualified applicants.
Scholarship is available for undergraduate and graduate students pursuing studies in engineering.
Scholarship is available to both domestic and international students.
Scholarship is available to both freshmen and sophomores.
Scholarship is available.
Scholarship is awarded at the Spring Honors Convocation.
Scholarship is awarded at time of admission if student meets eligibility requirements.
Scholarship is awarded based on academic records and other factors.
Scholarship is awarded for one year only.
Scholarship is awarded on the basis of merit.
Scholarship is awarded to prospective or present legal secretaries.
Scholarship is awarded to violin student demonstrating merit.
Scholarship is based in research.
Scholarship is based on campus and extracurricular involvement.
Scholarship is based on financial aid.
Scholarship is based on scholastic performance and aptitude.
Scholarship is based strictly on merit.
Scholarship is both the grasp of a realm of knowledge and a habit of mind.
Scholarship is by definition public, available for review and critique.
Scholarship is by definition public, subject to peer review and accessible for use by others.
Scholarship is combined with supervised teaching practice.
Scholarship is compartmentalised.
Scholarship is creative intellectual work that is communicated and validated.
Scholarship is dependent on the quality of the information it incorporates into the study.
Scholarship is determined by academic average and pride in the pursuit of knowledge.
Scholarship is emphasized - again a push against an eclectic belief system.
Scholarship is emphasized at every instructional level.
Scholarship is essential.
Scholarship is financial aid.
Scholarship is for a public relations major, junior or senior.
Scholarship is for entering freshmen and above who intend to major in Journalism.
Scholarship is for four semesters.
Scholarship is for junior and senior level students majoring in radio and television.
Scholarship is for one regular academic year of full-time study.
Scholarship is for one year only.
Scholarship is for the benefit of a graduate student.
Scholarship is for the benefit of a journalism major, sophomore or above.
Scholarship is for the benefit of a mass comma graduate student.
Scholarship is for the benefit of a student of print or broadcast journalism, freshmen and above.
Scholarship is for the benefit of Advertising majors who are classified as freshmen or above.
Scholarship is for the benefit of junior and senior Advertising majors.
Scholarship is for the benefit of student majoring in Journalism classified as a freshman or above.
Scholarship is for the benefit of students majoring in Journalism, sophomore or above.
Scholarship is for the duration of the program.
Scholarship is for the senior year.
Scholarship is for undergraduates only.
Scholarship is for use at a four-year institution while pursuing a degree in English.
Scholarship is fundamental to the role of university faculty.
Scholarship is fundamental to the well-being of college teachers.
Scholarship is given to all qualified participants.
Scholarship is given to an outstanding string music student.
Scholarship is given to highly talented bassoon performance majors.
Scholarship is given to talented students.
Scholarship is given to voice students demonstrating merit.
Scholarship is good for one and a half or two years.
Scholarship is in form of hourly wages for spring and fall semester, plus possibility of summer.
Scholarship is in form of hourly wages.
Scholarship is in the amount of one dollar for every new member that joins.
Scholarship is included in the work expectations of doctorally prepared faculty.
Scholarship is limited to one person.
Scholarship is made by hard work, and comes only with gray hairs.
Scholarship is meaningful only when others understand it.
Scholarship is more reflective.
Scholarship is mutually exclusive of demonstrated behavior.
Scholarship is no longer part of the equation.
Scholarship is non-renewable.
Scholarship is non-transferable.
Scholarship is of the highest order.
Scholarship is one of the most important aspects of college life.
Scholarship is open to North Carolina residents only.
Scholarship is open to students pursuing a degree in Music with a keyboard concentration.
Scholarship is pacts.
Scholarship is pressed to be the answer to all problems.
Scholarship is prizes.
Scholarship is reduced to rhetorical manipulation.
Scholarship is renewable based on gpa requirements.
Scholarship is renewable contingent upon maintaining a entering cumulative grade point average.
Scholarship is renewable for a maximum of four years of undergraduate study.
Scholarship is renewable for more than one semester.
Scholarship is renewable for one consecutive semester contingent upon scholarship fund availability.
Scholarship is renewable for three semesters.
Scholarship is renewable for three years, based upon academic performance.
Scholarship is renewable if student remains in good standing.
Scholarship is renewable on a yearly basis for four years.
Scholarship is renewable the second year if satisfactory academic progress is maintained.
Scholarship is renewable.
Scholarship is supposed to favor objective analysis and open discussion.
Scholarship is the bedrock of any institution, but it frequently takes a back seat to other things.
Scholarship is the broader term which reflects inquiry into one's field.
Scholarship is the creative productive activity of faculty.
Scholarship is the demonstration of that creation and sharing.
Scholarship is the hallmark of all of our work.
Scholarship is the most important aspect of being in a fraternity.
Scholarship is the organisation and distillation of existing knowledge.
Scholarship is the single key to membership.
Scholarship is the wealth of the community.
Scholarship is thus the science of debugging cognitive illusions from reasoning.
Scholarship is to be introduced and is to form an integral part of students' essays.
Scholarship is to encourage students interested in a career in the field of public work.
Scholarship is valid for one semester.
Scholarship is valued the most highly.
Scholarship is very important to our members.
Scholarship is, of necessity, narrow.
Scholarship keeps the collection vital, alive and growing.
Scholarship lives through experiment and testing, teaching through befriending and trust.
Scholarship means a commitment to learning.
Scholarship means engaging in original research.
Scholarship moves like a turtle.
Scholarship now finds like one out of every ten people had a gun.
Scholarship now leads to sucess in the future after graduation.
Scholarship offers can end up being withdrawn because of injury or lack of space.
Scholarship pays airfares, tuition fees, living allowance etc.
Scholarship pays full tuition and fees.
Scholarship pays tuition, fees, room, and board.
Scholarship plan off to good start.
Scholarship provides funding for one academic year of study in another country.
Scholarship provides support of undergraduate, professional diploma or graduate students.
Scholarship published at a national level also contributes to a law school's national reputation.
Scholarship requires full-time enrollment.
Scholarship requires substantial investment of time before significant results are produced.
Scholarship requires that credit be given to the originators of ideas, methods, and preceding work.
Scholarship Searches Private firms offer to help students find scholarship money.
Scholarship searches The best searches on the web.
Scholarship starts sophomore year.
Scholarship suffers, and publishers struggle with unpredictable revenue streams.
Scholarship watch The following organizations are offering scholarships to high school students.
Scholarships aim to foster continuing research, business and education between Australia and Taiwan.
Scholarships allow our students to focus more of their attention on their studies.
Scholarships allow students to achieve their educational goals.
Scholarships allow students to attend performances free of charge.
Scholarships allow working students more study time.
Scholarships also are available for qualified applicants.
Scholarships also are available for transfer students.
Scholarships also are available for women planning to enter nontraditional careers.
Scholarships also are available from colleges that host regional competitions.
Scholarships also are available in tennis, volleyball, soccer, and cross country running.
Scholarships also are available in tennis, volleyball, soccer, cross country running and crew.
Scholarships also are available through a few academic departments.
Scholarships also are available.
Scholarships also exist for students accept to medical school.
Scholarships also exist for students accepted to medical school.
Scholarships also last a year.
Scholarships also play a role in how a student's performance is measured.
Scholarships also provide recognition, encouragement, and motivation.
Scholarships also vary by focus.
Scholarships Apply by personal letter only.
Scholarships apply only to tuition for the seminar.
Scholarships apply to tuition only.
Scholarships are a different matter.
Scholarships are a direct, personal way of changing the life of an eager, highly-motivated student.
Scholarships are a form of financial aid helping students to pay for their college tuition.
Scholarships are a form of financial aid.
Scholarships are a key resource, helping students meet their educational costs.
Scholarships are a marvelous thing.
Scholarships are a one-time award for incoming students.
Scholarships are a popular method of supporting student access to learning opportunities.
Scholarships are a significant part of The Hartford's education grants.
Scholarships are a top priority as well.
Scholarships are a true investment in the future.
Scholarships are abundant.
Scholarships are all over the place.
Scholarships are also a confused picture.
Scholarships are also available and require separate applications.
Scholarships are also available for all services as outlined in the section on financial aid.
Scholarships are also available for all services.
Scholarships are also available for certain programs.
Scholarships are also available for continuing education level.
Scholarships are also available for continuing students.
Scholarships are also available for deserving students.
Scholarships are also available for earning a second certificate in teaching literacy.
Scholarships are also available for full-time classified employees' spouses and dependents.
Scholarships are also available for full-time teachers, government and civil service employees.
Scholarships are also available for graduate study.
Scholarships are also available for incoming freshman.
Scholarships are also available for international students.
Scholarships are also available for part-time students.
Scholarships are also available for people of any age and international students.
Scholarships are also available for people of any age or international students.
Scholarships are also available for PhD students.
Scholarships are also available for qualified applicants.
Scholarships are also available for students completing a very good first year of the course.
Scholarships are also available for the camps.
Scholarships are also available from each organization's local, regional, and national chapter.
Scholarships are also available from many national organizations, associations and companies.
Scholarships are also available from the seminary.
Scholarships are also available in arts, music, and athletics.
Scholarships are also available in twoyear grants.
Scholarships are also available on a limited basis.
Scholarships are also available through a few academic departments.
Scholarships are also available through individual schools.
Scholarships are also available to attend graduate school following commissioning.
Scholarships are also available to help with fees for overseas students.
Scholarships are also available to highly qualified overseas students.
Scholarships are also available to members for certification test costs.
Scholarships are also available to qualified students.
Scholarships are also available to qualifying individuals.
Scholarships are also available to reduce the cost further.
Scholarships are also available to students who achieve high academic standings.
Scholarships are also available to students who choose to attend private colleges.
Scholarships are also available to teachers.
Scholarships are also available to undergraduate and graduate students.
Scholarships are also available to upperclassmen after they have declared a major.
Scholarships are also available.
Scholarships are also in abundance with five recepiants in the last quarter alone.
Scholarships are always a good thing, especially in a field tnot overly easy on the wallet.
Scholarships are always an appropriate gift.
Scholarships are always available.
Scholarships are an even more important source of support for students.
Scholarships are an important reward for deserving youngsters also.
Scholarships are an integral part of the students' selection process.
Scholarships are an investment and the benefits continue to grow throughout a lifetime.
Scholarships are an investment in a student's future.
Scholarships are an investment in the future.
Scholarships are an obvious example.
Scholarships are another option for funding one's education.
Scholarships are applicable for undergraduate students only.
Scholarships are availabe for qualified applicants.
Scholarships are available .
Scholarships are available also for parents to attend the Annual Fall Conference.
Scholarships are available and are kept confidential.
Scholarships are available and awarded on the basis of student merit.
Scholarships are available and childcare reimbursement is available with pre-registration.
Scholarships are available and early registration is recommended.
Scholarships are available and financial aid is applicable.
Scholarships are available and no auditions are required for the open enrollment program.
Scholarships are available annually on a competitive basis.
Scholarships are available annually.
Scholarships are available are available.
Scholarships are available as well as financial aid .
Scholarships are available at all levels of choral participation as well as for solo performance.
Scholarships are available at all undergraduate levels beginning with incoming students.
Scholarships are available at both school and university level.
Scholarships are available at both the college and departmental level.
Scholarships are available at half the registration cost, courtesy of several major donors.
Scholarships are available at the department, school, and university level.
Scholarships are available at the local and national levels.
Scholarships are available at various times of the year.
Scholarships are available based on evaluation of individual circumstances.
Scholarships are available based on participation level, talent, skill, and experience.
Scholarships are available beginning with the fall term.
Scholarships are available both to entering freshmen and to students in advanced classes.
Scholarships are available both to new and continuing students.
Scholarships are available by application for both.
Scholarships are available by audition only.
Scholarships are available by audition.
Scholarships are available by contacting any of the regional offices below.
Scholarships are available by contacting the church office.
Scholarships are available by writing a letter stating special circumstances.
Scholarships are available during the academic year and summer sessions.
Scholarships are available each semester to deserving students.
Scholarships are available each year based upon musical talent.
Scholarships are available for a broad range of courses at all universities.
Scholarships are available for a limited number of victim service providers.
Scholarships are available for a variety of degrees.
Scholarships are available for academic classes to families who qualify for free or reduced lunches.
Scholarships are available for academic excellence, transfer students, and returned missionaries.
Scholarships are available for academically qualified students.
Scholarships are available for active members.
Scholarships are available for adoptive and foster children who demonstrate academic promise.
Scholarships are available for adults pursuing higher education.
Scholarships are available for all after-school enrichment activities.
Scholarships are available for all age groups.
Scholarships are available for all athletic programs.
Scholarships are available for all camps and classes.
Scholarships are available for all class levels from first-time freshman through graduate programs.
Scholarships are available for all classes.
Scholarships are available for all levels.
Scholarships are available for all of the intercollegiate sports except football and crew.
Scholarships are available for all options.
Scholarships are available for all paid programs.
Scholarships are available for all participants.
Scholarships are available for all programs.
Scholarships are available for all qualifying girls.
Scholarships are available for all seminars, but there is a limit of one scholarship per applicant.
Scholarships are available for all seven intercollegiate sports.
Scholarships are available for all students who meet the application requirements.
Scholarships are available for all varsity sports, male and female.
Scholarships are available for almost any talent under the moon.
Scholarships are available for American Indian students.
Scholarships are available for any Jewish camp.
Scholarships are available for any Olympic sport.
Scholarships are available for anyone unable to pay program fees.
Scholarships are available for applicants with outstanding scholarly records.
Scholarships are available for art classes.
Scholarships are available for athletic, artistic, and club related activities.
Scholarships are available for ballet students.
Scholarships are available for biomedical engineering majors.
Scholarships are available for Boston youth.
Scholarships are available for both academic and Occupational technology students.
Scholarships are available for both first year and continuing students.
Scholarships are available for both productions.
Scholarships are available for both programmes.
Scholarships are available for both residents and non-residents.
Scholarships are available for both undergraduate and graduate degrees .
Scholarships are available for both undergraduate and graduate students.
Scholarships are available for children of low-income families.
Scholarships are available for children who qualify.
Scholarships are available for children whose families meet income guidelines.
Scholarships are available for classes and lectures.
Scholarships are available for consumers and family members.
Scholarships are available for continuing and transfer students.
Scholarships are available for continuing education.
Scholarships are available for continuing full-time students only.
Scholarships are available for deaf or severely hearing impaired students.
Scholarships are available for Delaware teachers.
Scholarships are available for deserving students.
Scholarships are available for disadvantaged students.
Scholarships are available for each course or training programme.
Scholarships are available for eligible registrants.
Scholarships are available for eligible students.
Scholarships are available for eligible team members.
Scholarships are available for ensemble participation.
Scholarships are available for every level of academic study in logistics and related disciplines.
Scholarships are available for families that qualify.
Scholarships are available for families to help ensure program completion.
Scholarships are available for families who qualify.
Scholarships are available for first time and returning attenders.
Scholarships are available for four and three years, or two year reserve duty.
Scholarships are available for full or partial registration fees.
Scholarships are available for full-time students.
Scholarships are available for further specialized study in Europe and the United States.
Scholarships are available for German majors and minors.
Scholarships are available for good students in the environmental sciences.
Scholarships are available for graduate study at all levels.
Scholarships are available for graduate, undergraduates and vocational or technical school students.
Scholarships are available for high school, undergraduate, graduate and international students.
Scholarships are available for higher education overseas.
Scholarships are available for income-eligible participants.
Scholarships are available for incoming freshmen, and for sophomore, junior, and senior students.
Scholarships are available for individuals and couples needing financial assistance.
Scholarships are available for individuals to learn boating and aquatic safety.
Scholarships are available for international students.
Scholarships are available for international study or internships.
Scholarships are available for international study.
Scholarships are available for many adult conferences.
Scholarships are available for many different majors.
Scholarships are available for membership and programs.
Scholarships are available for membership dues.
Scholarships are available for meritorious students.
Scholarships are available for minorities and women.
Scholarships are available for minority students.
Scholarships are available for music students.
Scholarships are available for needy students.
Scholarships are available for new and continuing English majors.
Scholarships are available for new and continuing students.
Scholarships are available for new and transfer students.
Scholarships are available for non-federal employees.
Scholarships are available for one year and are non-renewable.
Scholarships are available for organizations and individuals.
Scholarships are available for our most outstanding students.
Scholarships are available for our program only.
Scholarships are available for outstanding economics students.
Scholarships are available for outstanding foreign language majors and minors.
Scholarships are available for outstanding students.
Scholarships are available for packaging students to assist with tuition.
Scholarships are available for part-time classified and hourly employees' spouses and dependents.
Scholarships are available for patients and students.
Scholarships are available for patients if needed and requested.
Scholarships are available for persons with disabilities.
Scholarships are available for positions in several of the ensembles.
Scholarships are available for postgraduates.
Scholarships are available for post-high school educational pursuits.
Scholarships are available for program fees.
Scholarships are available for public relations students.
Scholarships are available for qualified adults.
Scholarships are available for qualified applicants.
Scholarships are available for qualified full-time students.
Scholarships are available for qualified high-school students.
Scholarships are available for qualified individuals.
Scholarships are available for qualified low-income families.
Scholarships are available for qualified marketing students, making further education possible.
Scholarships are available for qualified student athletes.
Scholarships are available for qualified students in all disciplines within the division.
Scholarships are available for qualified students in music, theatre, and art.
Scholarships are available for qualified students who are pursuing a career in teaching.
Scholarships are available for qualified students.
Scholarships are available for qualified teachers.
Scholarships are available for qualified, dedicated students.
Scholarships are available for qualifying students.
Scholarships are available for quality pitchers.
Scholarships are available for resident Bible students.
Scholarships are available for scientific researchers from the CEECs.
Scholarships are available for selected groups, including minorities.
Scholarships are available for semester, year-long and summer programs.
Scholarships are available for single parents, single pregnant women and displaced homemakers.
Scholarships are available for six students.
Scholarships are available for some online postgraduate programs.
Scholarships are available for some programs.
Scholarships are available for sophomores, juniors and seniors.
Scholarships are available for standard members.
Scholarships are available for string players at the undergraduate and graduate levels.
Scholarships are available for student athletes participating in basketball and rodeo.
Scholarships are available for students accepted in the prorgam on a competitive basis.
Scholarships are available for students at the master's and doctoral level.
Scholarships are available for students chosen to be on the squad.
Scholarships are available for students in all majors.
Scholarships are available for students in the performing arts.
Scholarships are available for students of Hispanic parentage.
Scholarships are available for students planning to enter graduate school.
Scholarships are available for students unable to afford the entire tuition fee.
Scholarships are available for students who excel academically, athletically, and musically.
Scholarships are available for students who qualify.
Scholarships are available for students who require financial assistance.
Scholarships are available for students with exceptional talent in vocal music or theatre.
Scholarships are available for students with varying backgrounds and levels of achievement.
Scholarships are available for students, including non-traditional students.
Scholarships are available for students.
Scholarships are available for study and travel in Spanish-speaking countries.
Scholarships are available for study at both the master's and doctoral levels.
Scholarships are available for suitably qualified applicants.
Scholarships are available for summer, fall, and spring terms.
Scholarships are available for summer, semester, and full year programs.
Scholarships are available for summer, semester, and full-year programs.
Scholarships are available for teacher education students in some academic departments as well.
Scholarships are available for teachers and students.
Scholarships are available for team members.
Scholarships are available for the fall and spring semesters.
Scholarships are available for the three-day program only.
Scholarships are available for the training activities, see respective course.
Scholarships are available for the tuition charged.
Scholarships are available for their spouses and dependents, as well.
Scholarships are available for travel and boarding subsidies by application.
Scholarships are available for travel and lodging.
Scholarships are available for tuition and on-campus housing.
Scholarships are available for tuition only and attendance is, of course, required.
Scholarships are available for two parents per workshop if minimum attendance quotas are met.
Scholarships are available for two, three and four year periods.
Scholarships are available for U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Scholarships are available for UK and other European residents.
Scholarships are available for undergraduate and graduate students.
Scholarships are available for undergraduate and postgraduate coursework and research programs.
Scholarships are available for up to half of the cost.
Scholarships are available for up to half of tuition.
Scholarships are available for upperclassmen, including transfer students.
Scholarships are available for urban teachers.
Scholarships are available for volunteers.
Scholarships are available for women in basketball, golf, soccer, softball, tennis and volleyball.
Scholarships are available for women's studies students.
Scholarships are available for youth of color .
Scholarships are available for youth traveling from outside the Bay Area.
Scholarships are available from a multitude of sources.
Scholarships are available from a variety of sources.
Scholarships are available from each of the participating states.
Scholarships are available from outside organizations, trusts, and endowments.
Scholarships are available from the department and the college.
Scholarships are available from the State of Minnesota .
Scholarships are available from the university as well as private donors.
Scholarships are available from time to time.
Scholarships are available from two to four years in any major.
Scholarships are available from various sources for study in French or English.
Scholarships are available if needed.
Scholarships are available if the cost of the class is prohibitive.
Scholarships are available in addition to discounts for families sending more than one camper.
Scholarships are available in all majors.
Scholarships are available in all program areas.
Scholarships are available in each of the sports listed above.
Scholarships are available in increments of two, three, or four years.
Scholarships are available in many fields and are based on merit.
Scholarships are available in men's and women's basketball, baseball, rodeo, and athletic trainer.
Scholarships are available in most disciplines, except students of dentistry, medicine, pharmacy.
Scholarships are available in the department as well as the college and university.
Scholarships are available in varying amounts.
Scholarships are available now.
Scholarships are available on a case by case basis.
Scholarships are available on a competitive basis for both undergraduate and graduate students.
Scholarships are available on a competitive basis to agencies with budget hardships.
Scholarships are available on a competitive basis to help cover the costs of study abroad.
Scholarships are available on a competitive basis to undergraduate and graduate students.
Scholarships are available on a competitive basis.
Scholarships are available on a first come - first serve basis.
Scholarships are available on a first come - first served basis.
Scholarships are available on a first come basis.
Scholarships are available on a first come first serve basis.
Scholarships are available on a limited and needed basis.
Scholarships are available on a limited basis for children s classes at all three locations.
Scholarships are available on a limited basis, so early application is advised.
Scholarships are available on a limited basis.
Scholarships are available on a year-round basis.
Scholarships are available on an academic competitive basis.
Scholarships are available on an as needed basis.
Scholarships are available on an as-needed basis.
Scholarships are available on written request.
Scholarships are available only for full-time students.
Scholarships are available only for non-credit continuing education courses.
Scholarships are available only to Maine residents.
Scholarships are available only to students.
Scholarships are available thanks to donations from area businesses.
Scholarships are available that pay all tuition, academic fees, and book costs.
Scholarships are available through a national competition.
Scholarships are available through auditions.
Scholarships are available through both our schools and county programs.
Scholarships are available through individual schools.
Scholarships are available through local communities.
Scholarships are available through the church office for interested students.
Scholarships are available through the national association.
Scholarships are available to a limited number upon application.
Scholarships are available to active church participants.
Scholarships are available to all applicants.
Scholarships are available to all students, native and non-native, who meet the requirements.
Scholarships are available to all who attend.
Scholarships are available to allow children with epilepsy to attend the camp of their choice.
Scholarships are available to any student, at any age in college.
Scholarships are available to applicants who excel in academic and leadership performance.
Scholarships are available to Arts graduate and undergraduate students.
Scholarships are available to assist members otherwise unable to attend the conference.
Scholarships are available to assist new members with their first year's dues.
Scholarships are available to assist students who have difficulty paying the required fee.
Scholarships are available to assist students who have difficulty raising the required fee.
Scholarships are available to assist underrepresented youth.
Scholarships are available to assist with fees for music tuition.
Scholarships are available to assist with funding needs.
Scholarships are available to assure wide representation of all concerned parties.
Scholarships are available to athletes in most varsity sports.
Scholarships are available to attend the National Convention.
Scholarships are available to both current and incoming students.
Scholarships are available to both incoming and returning students.
Scholarships are available to both male and female applicants.
Scholarships are available to both music and non-music majors.
Scholarships are available to both needy and non-needy students.
Scholarships are available to both new and continuing arts and media majors.
Scholarships are available to both U.S. and foreign citizens.
Scholarships are available to both undergraduates and graduate students.
Scholarships are available to Canadian residents.
Scholarships are available to candidates who study full-time.
Scholarships are available to children of alumni.
Scholarships are available to composition students.
Scholarships are available to continuing students as well as entering freshmen.
Scholarships are available to cover half of registration costs plus travel.
Scholarships are available to cover registration fee.
Scholarships are available to cover the cost of registration and meals.
Scholarships are available to cover the cost of the course and instruction materials.
Scholarships are available to cover tuition costs for qualified undergraduate geology majors.
Scholarships are available to cover tuition, supplies, room and board, and transportation.
Scholarships are available to defray travel costs.
Scholarships are available to dependent children of officers killed in the line of duty.
Scholarships are available to deserving students.
Scholarships are available to disadvantaged students.
Scholarships are available to eligible students from state or federally recognized tribal groups.
Scholarships are available to entering freshman as well as sophomore, junior and senior students.
Scholarships are available to entering freshmen.
Scholarships are available to Episcopal undergraduates who meet certain criteria.
Scholarships are available to families who can t afford the fees.
Scholarships are available to female and minority students only.
Scholarships are available to first semester freshmen through second semester sophomores.
Scholarships are available to first-time freshmen.
Scholarships are available to freshmen and transfer students.
Scholarships are available to gifted high school and college students.
Scholarships are available to graduate students in hotel and restaurant management.
Scholarships are available to graduate students in merchandising.
Scholarships are available to help cover part of the cost of tuition.
Scholarships are available to help cover the costs of students' overseas learning experience.
Scholarships are available to help defray tuition costs.
Scholarships are available to help meet transportation needs.
Scholarships are available to help some students with travel expenses.
Scholarships are available to help students with college expenses.
Scholarships are available to help with expenses.
Scholarships are available to individuals of all ages.
Scholarships are available to local residents.
Scholarships are available to Maine students.
Scholarships are available to many of our entrepreneurship students.
Scholarships are available to many students who are approved for the program.
Scholarships are available to marketing majors.
Scholarships are available to Maryland residents and non-residents.
Scholarships are available to meet the needs of many of our students.
Scholarships are available to members for registration costs.
Scholarships are available to members.
Scholarships are available to offset the fee for lessons.
Scholarships are available to pay all fees for students who qualify for free or reduced lunch.
Scholarships are available to people who are unable to pay the course fee.
Scholarships are available to provide tuition assistance.
Scholarships are available to provide up to one academic year abroad.
Scholarships are available to qualified applicants.
Scholarships are available to qualified candidates.
Scholarships are available to qualified students on a competitive basis.
Scholarships are available to qualified students.
Scholarships are available to qualifying students.
Scholarships are available to selected applicants.
Scholarships are available to South Dakota educators attending the institute.
Scholarships are available to student-athletes.
Scholarships are available to students at all levels of their post-secondary studies.
Scholarships are available to students enrolled in dairy-related programs.
Scholarships are available to students from a variety of sources both private and public.
Scholarships are available to students from any country.
Scholarships are available to students majoring in Music.
Scholarships are available to students of all backgrounds, abilities, and levels.
Scholarships are available to students on a competitive basis.
Scholarships are available to students outside of the military science program as well as to cadets.
Scholarships are available to students playing in the orchestra.
Scholarships are available to students qualified in certain technical academic majors.
Scholarships are available to students seeking to major or minor in music.
Scholarships are available to students throughout their academic careers.
Scholarships are available to students who attend school full-time.
Scholarships are available to students who meet established criteria.
Scholarships are available to students who qualify.
Scholarships are available to students who take courses in the visual arts.
Scholarships are available to students who wish to participate in various performing groups.
Scholarships are available to students who wish to pursue a music major.
Scholarships are available to students.
Scholarships are available to study overseas.
Scholarships are available to suitably qualified candidates for research higher degrees.
Scholarships are available to talented dance students.
Scholarships are available to talented students on an audition basis.
Scholarships are available to the most competitive students.
Scholarships are available to transfer students .
Scholarships are available to women in tennis, swimming, diving, basketball, and volleyball.
Scholarships are available to zone residents and zone business owners.
Scholarships are available too.
Scholarships are available under the four-year program to outstanding students.
Scholarships are available upon audition.
Scholarships are available upon request to any choir member who has a true desire to sing.
Scholarships are available upon request to make the workshop affordable.
Scholarships are available upon request to qualified families.
Scholarships are available upon request.
Scholarships are available when needed.
Scholarships are available when registering.
Scholarships are available which can assist with costs.
Scholarships are available with application.
Scholarships are available year round.
Scholarships are available, along with fellowships, grants and employment opportunities.
Scholarships are available, and all internships are credit-bearing.
Scholarships are available, and contributions to the scholarship fund are appreciated.
Scholarships are available, and low-cost government loans can help secure a student's future.
Scholarships are available, and no one is turned away.
Scholarships are available, and several are earmarked for international students.
Scholarships are available, and there are discounts for families with multiple members attending.
Scholarships are available, ask.
Scholarships are available, by audition, for participation in all ensembles.
Scholarships are available, by audition, for participation.
Scholarships are available, call for details.
Scholarships are available, including several earmarked for international students.
Scholarships are available, please inquire when requesting registration materials.
Scholarships are available, please write for more information.
Scholarships are available, so audition as soon as possible to receive maximum consideration.
Scholarships are available, too.
Scholarships are available.
Scholarships Are available.
Scholarships Are Available.
Scholarships are awarded on a first come, first serve basis.
Scholarships are awarded on a first-come basis, so apply early.
Scholarships are awards based on academic achievement and have no requirement of repayment.
Scholarships are awards based on academic performance, leadership potential or other talent.
Scholarships are awards subject to the availability of funds.
Scholarships are awards usually based on skill, ability, talent, or achievement.
Scholarships are cash stipends and they are awarded during the annual banquet.
Scholarships are certainly worth the time and effort required to apply.
Scholarships are competitive and funds are limited.
Scholarships are competitive awards.
Scholarships are competitive based on grades.
Scholarships are competitive, based on the applicant pool.
Scholarships are competitive, based upon the applicant pool.
Scholarships are competitive.
Scholarships are competitiveand are based on merit.
Scholarships are contingent upon certain guidelines and availability of funding.
Scholarships are critical to the school's ability to attract the best students.
Scholarships are crucial to making the program accessible to all academically qualified students.
Scholarships are crucial to many of our students.
Scholarships are currently available for many of the projects.
Scholarships are dependent on fund availability.
Scholarships are dependent upon funding from the federal government.
Scholarships are determined year by year depending on our fund raising events.
Scholarships are different from loans in that the money is interest and debt free.
Scholarships are donations from the local business community.
Scholarships are due.
Scholarships are easily available to both events.
Scholarships are easily renewable each year, so long as a student remains in good academic standing.
Scholarships are equal to basic in-state tuition and fees.
Scholarships are equally available to non music major and music majors.
Scholarships are especially critical for veterinary medical students.
Scholarships are extremely competitive and vary in amount.
Scholarships are extremely important to most students who want to attend college.
Scholarships are few in Mexico.
Scholarships are financial assistance for one academic year.
Scholarships are first-time performance awards and are available vary according to ability.
Scholarships are for a three year period.
Scholarships are for advanced pilot training unless otherwise noted .
Scholarships are for any approved course of study.
Scholarships are for both one and two semesters of study.
Scholarships are for course fees and course materials only.
Scholarships are for eight semesters only.
Scholarships are for first time attendees and is a waiver of conference fees only.
Scholarships are for one academic year only.
Scholarships are for one school year and are given directly to the institutions where possible.
Scholarships are for one year and can be renewed upon reapplication.
Scholarships are for one year.
Scholarships are for students with an interest in careers in flexography.
Scholarships are for study at accredited U.S. colleges only.
Scholarships are for summer, semester, or year-long programs.
Scholarships are for superior students and are given for academic ability.
Scholarships are for the truly gifted.
Scholarships are for three years.
Scholarships are for tuition for one semester for first-year graduate students.
Scholarships are for undergraduate courses only.
Scholarships are for undergraduate or graduate study.
Scholarships are for undergraduate studies only.
Scholarships are for undergraduate study at accredited colleges or universities.
Scholarships are for undergraduate study unless otherwise indicated.
Scholarships are forone year only.
Scholarships are free monies awarded on the basis of academic merit or per donors request.
Scholarships are from six months to one year.
Scholarships are funds awarded to students based on academic or leadership ability.
Scholarships are generally available for professional students after completion of the first year.
Scholarships are generally available only for eight semesters.
Scholarships are gift aid that usually have some associated academic performance standard.
Scholarships are gift aid, too.
Scholarships are gift monies which recognize talent and academic achievement.
Scholarships are gifts awarded on the basis of academic performance and potential.
Scholarships are gifts from community, private, and campus sources.
Scholarships are good for a maximum of eight semesters.
Scholarships are good for up to seven months after the award date.
Scholarships are good for up to twelve months after the award date.
Scholarships are granted on a 'first come first served' basis, there is no selection.
Scholarships are hard to find and the costs are high.
Scholarships are highly competitive and offer the highest tuition benefits.
Scholarships are just one of many uses for endowment earnings.
Scholarships are key to recruiting the best.
Scholarships are limited and are granted according to strictly defined criteria.
Scholarships are limited and are provided on a first come first serve basis.
Scholarships are limited and highly competitive.
Scholarships are limited and offers are generally based on a student s academic record.
Scholarships are limited and restricted to full-time students.
Scholarships are limited to Indiana residents only.
Scholarships are limited to individuals who are involved in boating or water safety.
Scholarships are limited to one course per student.
Scholarships are limited to one degree only.
Scholarships are limited to one per family per year.
Scholarships are limited to one per family.
Scholarships are limited to one per year, per jurisdiction.
Scholarships are limited to specific degree areas.
Scholarships are limited to the first four years of a student's academic career.
Scholarships are limited to the tuition for one class.
Scholarships are limited to the university budget allocation.
Scholarships are limited to U.S. citizens or permanent residents of the United States.
Scholarships are limited to women.
Scholarships are limited, so check it out soon.
Scholarships are limited.
Scholarships are merit based.
Scholarships are merit-based and are granted at the time of admission.
Scholarships are monetary awards for academic excellence or community service.
Scholarships are monies awarded to students pursuing higher education.
Scholarships are most often renewable subject to renewal criteria.
Scholarships are mostly for students pursuing post graduation and research.
Scholarships are mostly for undergraduates.
Scholarships are never too large or too small.
Scholarships are no longer available for the conference.
Scholarships are nonrepayable awards based on merit or achievement.
Scholarships are non-transferable between universities.
Scholarships are non-transferable to another person.
Scholarships are non-transferable.
Scholarships are non-transferrable.
Scholarships are normally tenable only at Canadian institutions.
Scholarships are nothing more than a grant of money toward a person's education.
Scholarships are nothing to turn down.
Scholarships are now available for students to apply.
Scholarships are occasionally available.
Scholarships are of various types and amounts.
Scholarships are offered in engineering, science, and selected technical are as.
Scholarships are often available from employers or church groups.
Scholarships are often available to assist students with travel costs.
Scholarships are often available.
Scholarships are one facet of student financial aid.
Scholarships are one means by which the university recognizes high achievement.
Scholarships are one popular form of giving.
Scholarships are one such perk.
Scholarships are one way of helping economically.
Scholarships are one way to meet the costs of attending college.
Scholarships are one year awards unless otherwise noted in the description.
Scholarships are only a partial answer when it comes to helping the neediest students.
Scholarships are only available to fulltime students.
Scholarships are only available to people interested in national competition .
Scholarships are only available to second year students.
Scholarships are only available to students who enroll in a public community college or university.
Scholarships are only for the course nominated at the time of application.
Scholarships are open for individuals entering or working in the baking industry.
Scholarships are open to all applicants regardless of intended major.
Scholarships are open to all Palestinian students living in the USA or abroad.
Scholarships are open to all undergraduate students regardless of gender, race, or creed.
Scholarships are open to applicants in any field of study.
Scholarships are open to high school seniors, and college juniors, seniors and graduate students.
Scholarships are open to high school, college or graduate students.
Scholarships are open to men and women.
Scholarships are open to music and non-music majors.
Scholarships are open to non-majors.
Scholarships are open to scientists of a number of countries.
Scholarships are open to undergraduate and graduate students.
Scholarships are our highest priority.
Scholarships are partnerships.
Scholarships are payable through the registry of the university at which the scholar is enrolled.
Scholarships are payable upon enrollment.
Scholarships are periodically available for students.
Scholarships are possible for active club members.
Scholarships are primarily for persons with extremely limited resources.
Scholarships are primarily for returning students.
Scholarships are probably the most frequently held in a support account.
Scholarships are probably the most popular form of paying for college.
Scholarships are rare.
Scholarships are readily available for disadvantaged families.
Scholarships are readily available to anyone needing help defraying the costs.
Scholarships are renewable after one year if students exhibit satisfactory progress.
Scholarships are renewable and supplement the student's financial aid package.
Scholarships are renewable annually based upon continued satisfactory academic performance.
Scholarships are renewable annually for up to four years.
Scholarships are renewable annually if students continue to meet qualifications.
Scholarships are renewable annually in accordance with the scholarship retention criteria.
Scholarships are renewable annually provided the student continues to meet the qualifications.
Scholarships are renewable annually through the senior year.
Scholarships are renewable annually.
Scholarships are renewable based on the continued eligibility of the recipient.
Scholarships are renewable based upon academic and musical performance.
Scholarships are renewable by re-application for a maximum of four years.
Scholarships are renewable each year as long as scholarship requirements are maintained.
Scholarships are renewable each year provided recipients are meeting academic progress requirements.
Scholarships are renewable each year providing students achieve a distinction average.
Scholarships are renewable each year, subject to annual review for satisfactory progress.
Scholarships are renewable every year.
Scholarships are renewable for a period of three years.
Scholarships are renewable for a second year based on similar criteria.
Scholarships are renewable for a second year.
Scholarships are renewable for a total of eight semesters.
Scholarships are renewable for eight semesters.
Scholarships are renewable for four academic years to qualified students.
Scholarships are renewable for four years or upon graduation.
Scholarships are renewable for four years, contingent upon satisfactory participation.
Scholarships are renewable for four years.
Scholarships are renewable for one additional semester upon evidence of satisfactory progress.
Scholarships are renewable for the second year of studies unless otherwise noted.
Scholarships are renewable for three years based on academic performance.
Scholarships are renewable for three years, subject to annual review.
Scholarships are renewable for up to four years as long as academic levels are maintained.
Scholarships are renewable for up to four years.
Scholarships are renewable on a yearly basis.
Scholarships are renewable on an annual basis.
Scholarships are renewable provided all criteria are met.
Scholarships are renewable provided the student maintains satisfactory academic progress.
Scholarships are renewable subject to specific criteria described in the scholarship award letter.
Scholarships are renewable through the student's fifth undergraduate year.
Scholarships are renewable up to a maximum of four semesters.
Scholarships are renewable upon satisfactory academic performance for up to four years.
Scholarships are renewable with evidence of progress toward degree.
Scholarships are renewable with re-application.
Scholarships are renewable, pending continued eligibility.
Scholarships are renewable, provided students continue to meet the criteria and funding continues.
Scholarships are renewable.
Scholarships are so important for attracting and retaining high caliber students.
Scholarships are so vital in helping students stay in school.
Scholarships are sometimes available to talented students.
Scholarships are sometimes available.
Scholarships are still available for fall enrollment, to both full and part time students.
Scholarships are still available to cover registration costs.
Scholarships are still available.
Scholarships are strictly for educational purposes.
Scholarships are subject to annual review.
Scholarships are subject to availability of space.
Scholarships are tenable at Canadian universities only.
Scholarships are tenable for up to one year.
Scholarships are the life force of a college program.
Scholarships are the lifeblood of a program.
Scholarships are the main source of university funds available to non-American citizens.
Scholarships are to be given to deserving undergraduate students.
Scholarships are to be granted for special scholarships to sons and daughters of home missionaries.
Scholarships are to be made available at the completion of the academic quarter served.
Scholarships are to be used during sophmore, junior, or senior year for tuition, fees and books.
Scholarships are to be used during the students' senior year.
Scholarships are to be used for educational purposes, such as tuition, fees and books.
Scholarships are to be used to cover institution costs and fees.
Scholarships are traditionally one of the most popular.
Scholarships are tuition credits for the upcoming term.
Scholarships are usually available.
Scholarships are usually renewable depending on performance and funds available.
Scholarships are usually tenable for three years, subject to satisfactory progress.
Scholarships are valid only for the year immediately following high school graduation.
Scholarships are varied between schools.
Scholarships are very competitive.
Scholarships are very limited, so most students take out student loans.
Scholarships are vital to enable students from tropical countries to raise their course fees.
Scholarships are what everyone looks for and full-ride scholarships are like money in the bank.
Scholarships are yet another important contribution.
Scholarships assist residents in gaining home access to the Internet and computing resources.
Scholarships attract the brightest and the best.
Scholarships based on family income are available.
Scholarships based on income are available.
Scholarships based on merit are available to assist students with tuition, books and fees.
Scholarships become available to students throughout the academic year.
Scholarships begin fall semester of the following year.
Scholarships Brings many of the largest scholarship resources searchable from one location.
Scholarships can also provide funds for college.
Scholarships can be a major help.
Scholarships can be as high as full tuition.
Scholarships can be for two, three or four years.
Scholarships can come from a variety of sources.
Scholarships can come from many sources.
Scholarships can come from schools, journalism organizations, private companies and others.
Scholarships can cover all tuition and fees, and provide a stipend for books and transportation.
Scholarships can dictate for black, Hispanic, or female applicants only.
Scholarships can enable students to pursue traditional higher education or vocational training.
Scholarships can further lower the cost of a community college education.
Scholarships can help a student meet all the expenses connected with a college education.
Scholarships can help anyone with the debts that are left after attending school.
Scholarships can help defray the cost tremendously.
Scholarships can make a critical difference.
Scholarships can open for application at any time, however.
Scholarships can provide some additional help.
Scholarships can range from several thousand dollars to a full-tuition coverage.
Scholarships can range from two to four years.
Scholarships can relieve some of that financial pressure.
Scholarships Check out available scholarships and deadlines.
Scholarships checkout the scholarships available to members and dependents of members.
Scholarships click here .
Scholarships come early At Kansas universities, applying early can help with financial aid.
Scholarships come from breed associations, kennel clubs, business sponsors, and individuals.
Scholarships come from many sources, and can be awarded based on a variety of criteria.
Scholarships come from non-government sources such as foundations and private donors.
Scholarships come in all all shapes and sizes.
Scholarships come in both financial and work assistance formats.
Scholarships come in different packages.
Scholarships come in many different denominations and types.
Scholarships come in many forms.
Scholarships consider all students automatically without an application.
Scholarships consist of a book and tuition waiver.
Scholarships consist of a cash grant for use in an approved summer language program.
Scholarships consist of book and full tuition waivers.
Scholarships consist of money provided by organizations, memorial funds, and foundations.
Scholarships consist of tuition, some fees, and room.
Scholarships cover a maximum of thirty credit hours per year.
Scholarships cover a wide range of training and living expenses for an athlete.
Scholarships cover all expenses associated with attending, including food and lodging.
Scholarships cover all or part of the cost of the period of study.
Scholarships cover all program costs.
Scholarships cover all reasonable costs for the first two years of study.
Scholarships cover basic registration only.
Scholarships cover conference registration, travel, and hotel expenses.
Scholarships cover full tuition, fees and books.
Scholarships cover full-time undergraduate academic study.
Scholarships cover instructional costs.
Scholarships cover only in state tuition cost.
Scholarships cover only registration fees.
Scholarships cover registration fees only.
Scholarships cover round-trip transportation, tuition, books and living expenses.
Scholarships cover the complete cost of admission and transportation.
Scholarships cover the cost of one course.
Scholarships cover the cost of tuition only.
Scholarships cover tuition and fees only.
Scholarships cover tuition and fees, residence hall rooms or a combination of both.
Scholarships cover tuition and incidental fees for four years and residence in the first year.
Scholarships cover tuition fees and some living expenses.
Scholarships cover tuition only, unless otherwise noted.
Scholarships cover tuition only.
Scholarships cover tuition, books, and lab fees.
Scholarships cover tuition, books, room and board, and other related costs.
Scholarships cover tuition, matriculation, health services, student activity fees, and books.
Scholarships covering student loan interest payments are available.
Scholarships enable students to attend high school.
Scholarships encourage gifted young people to enter the teaching profession.
Scholarships equate to free money.
Scholarships Find out how to qualify for scholarships.
Scholarships fund one year of graduate-level study or research at a foreign university.
Scholarships generally go to students admitted into a degree-granting department.
Scholarships generally provide a partial tuition waiver.
Scholarships generally require full-time enrollment.
Scholarships Give a bright and hard working student a better chance in life.
Scholarships give deserving students the opportunity to realize their dream of a college education.
Scholarships give students the opportunity to focus on academics.
Scholarships go directly to students' accounts at their respective institutions.
Scholarships go quickly.
Scholarships go to any public or private institution in the state.
Scholarships have a wide variety of academic and other types of requirements.
Scholarships have different requirements.
Scholarships Have more scholarships available for undergraduate and graduate students.
Scholarships have separate application procedures as noted for each scholarship.
Scholarships have various application procedures and deadlines.
Scholarships help attract the best students.
Scholarships help children attend boarding schools after completing village primary schools.
Scholarships help off set registration, transportation, lodging, and associated costs.
Scholarships help our students overcome the financial roadblocks to education.
Scholarships help out financially, socially, educationally and athletically.
Scholarships help out thousands of students each year.
Scholarships help programs across the country enhance their services to families.
Scholarships help recruit and retain students.
Scholarships help reduce the amount of loans needed by our students.
Scholarships help to enable single female parents to focus attention on their children and studies.
Scholarships help with some of the costs and are awarded usually for high academics or service.
Scholarships Keep up on computer-related scholarships.
Scholarships leading to solo flight training are also available.
Scholarships Learn about available scholarships and how to apply.
Scholarships listed below are for graduating seniors unless otherwise indicated.
Scholarships make up the difference between what a family can afford to pay and actual camp costs.
Scholarships normally take the form of fee remission.
Scholarships offered by the Japanese government as well as private foundations are as listed below.
Scholarships only cover the cost of the registration.
Scholarships only cover the registration fee.
Scholarships only cover tuition.
Scholarships para estudiar este idioma.
Scholarships pay college-tuition and mandatory fees.
Scholarships pay for full tuition and fees for the duration of the awarded scholarship.
Scholarships pay for tuition and some miscellaneous fees .
Scholarships pay tuition and housing.
Scholarships pay tuition and provide an allowance each semester for books and classroom supplies.
Scholarships pay tuition, fees and books, and provide a monthly stipend.
Scholarships pay tuition, fees, room, board, books, and supplies.
Scholarships permit students to devote full time to their studies and research.
Scholarships play a central role in efforts to support foreign students.
Scholarships primarily offer educational assistance for talented undergraduate students.
Scholarships provide a meaningful difference in the academic careers of many students.
Scholarships provide a tax incentive for businesses.
Scholarships provide for college tuition and educational fees.
Scholarships provide for full or partial tuition waivers.
Scholarships provide funds toward tuition, fees, and other required educational expenses.
Scholarships provide money to college students as they train to be officers.
Scholarships provide opportunities for students to get ahead and stay ahead.
Scholarships provide opportunities otherwise unavailable to deserving students.
Scholarships provide opportunities that last a lifetime.
Scholarships provide people with education and skills that build a stronger future.
Scholarships provide several sponsored scholarships for graduating high school seniors.
Scholarships provide support for one year and are paid directly to the recipients' institutions.
Scholarships provide tuition and a monthly stipend in exchange for service after graduation.
Scholarships provide tuition only.
Scholarships provide tuition, stipend, round-trip airfare, insurance, books, and travel allowance.
Scholarships range from book waivers to full tuition in some colleges.
Scholarships range from full rides to partial payments.
Scholarships range from partial to full tuition, depending upon program implementation costs.
Scholarships range from partial tuition to full tuition plus a stipend.
Scholarships range in value depending on student ability.
Scholarships range in value from three hundred to several thousand dollars.
Scholarships range up to full support for all college costs.
Scholarships ranging from four years to two years are available to eligible students.
Scholarships ranging from partial to full tuition are available to athletic recruits.
Scholarships recognize academic achievement, the primary criterion upon which selections are based.
Scholarships remain a top priority for fund raising and other development news.
Scholarships represent a significant resource for many students.
Scholarships require a lot of research on the students' part.
Scholarships require a minimum grade average.
Scholarships require a separate application process.
Scholarships require a separate application.
Scholarships require a written request before consideration.
Scholarships require an audition, an interview with faculty, and a theory placement exam.
Scholarships require applications and processing during the current academic year.
Scholarships require full-time enrollment for the duration of the scholarship.
Scholarships require independent direct admission to the foreign university.
Scholarships require separate applications.
Scholarships require. . . . . . . .
Scholarships reward academic achievement and generally go to students with the highest grades.
Scholarships reward academic excellence and student chapter participation.
Scholarships reward the dedication and excellence of our finest, most deserving students.
Scholarships -Scholarships to cover registration fee are available.
Scholarships See general research scholarships .
Scholarships See the TSFI web site for information and downloading the application form.
Scholarships seem to be geared to Undergraduates.
Scholarships support directed studies, field work or internships.
Scholarships support undergraduate study abroad in non-Western countries.
Scholarships touch so many lives.
Scholarships vary depending on the individual s current financial aid packages.
Scholarships vary from company to company.
Scholarships vary from partial to full tuition.
Scholarships vary from Rs.
Scholarships vary in amount and availability.
Scholarships vary in amount and include some full fee scholarships.
Scholarships vary in amounts and duration of award.
Scholarships vary in length and pay a predetermined amount for tuition, books, and fees.
Scholarships vary in their academic emphases.
Scholarships often cover the full cost of tuition for students in good standing.
Scholarships usually go to the students at the head of the class.
Scholarships usually have early deadlines.
Scholarships usually have higher requirements than listed above.
Scholarships usually have strings attached.
Scholarships usually recognize the student's academic achievement.
Scholarships usually require a special application.
Scholarships usually require a student to be a U.S. citizen or a legal long-term resident.
All scholarship amounts subject to availability.
All scholarship is of no avail if there is no realization in the heart.
All scholarship recipients names and addresses.
All scholarships activate in the fall.
All scholarships apply to the program, with the exception of work study.
All scholarships are annual awards to be divided evenly between the fall and spring semesters.
All scholarships are available contingent upon funding.
All scholarships are available on the basis of an audition or portfolio review.
All scholarships are competitive and based on the applicant's specific goals and experience.
All scholarships are competitive and campus interviews are strongly recommended.
All scholarships are competitive and early application is urged.
All scholarships are competitive, based on musical talent and potential for success.
All scholarships are competitive.
All scholarships are contingent on medical certification.
All scholarships are contingent upon available funds.
All scholarships are currently free of income tax.
All scholarships are for eligible seniors only unless otherwise noted.
All scholarships are for four years of undergraduate study.
All scholarships are for students graduating from high school and entering college upon graduation.
All scholarships are for undergraduate studies unless otherwise stated.
All scholarships are for use beginning in the fall of the year.
All scholarships are for Zanesville campus students only unless otherwise noted.
All scholarships are limited to funds available.
All scholarships are non-renewable unless otherwise noted.
All scholarships are one-time awards.
All scholarships are open to female and male students.
All scholarships are renewable annually, subject to good progress.
All scholarships are renewable based on continued study in the department and academic progress.
All scholarships are renewable for four years of study.
All scholarships are renewable for four years.
All scholarships are renewable for up to four years if satisfactory academic progress is made.
All scholarships are renewable provided the recipient maintains the required grade point average.
All scholarships are renewable unless otherwise stated.
All scholarships are renewable.
All scholarships are subject to annual funds availability.
All scholarships are subject to annual review and renewal.
All scholarships are subject to availability of funds.
All scholarships are subject to availability.
All scholarships are subject to change.
All scholarships are subject to donor's criteria.
All scholarships are subject to funding.
All scholarships are subject to supervisor recommendation based on motivation and job performance.
All scholarships are to be given to United States citizens or eligible non-citizens.
All scholarships cover full tuition, fees and textbooks.
All scholarships have deadline dates.
All scholarships have some minimum criteria.
All scholarships have specific eligibility criteria.
All scholarships listed below are in Canadian dollars.
All scholarships pay tuition, books, and mandatory fees.
All scholarships provide the same benefits unless otherwise noted.
All scholarships require a completed application for scholarships and a recommendation.
All scholarships require a separate application annually.
All scholarships require a written report to be submitted upon completion of the projects.
All scholarships require academic achievement.
All scholarships require full-time attendance unless otherwise noted.
All scholarships require full-time enrollment and satisfactory academic progress.
All scholarships require full-time enrollment and some require a student to live on campus.
All scholarships require full-time enrollment.
All scholarships require Massachusetts residency.
All scholarships require students to meet the specific scholarship criteria.
All scholarships require the submission of the online scholarship application.
All scholarships use the same application.
Every scholarship is based on various criteria depending on the donor s request.
Every scholarship is different.
Every scholarship is so precious.
Many scholarships are also available.
Many scholarships are available for new and continuing students.
Many scholarships are available for only limited times.
Many scholarships are available for qualified candidates.
Many scholarships are available for students interested in pursuing a degree in food science.
Many scholarships are available for undergraduates.
Many scholarships are available in the different professional programs.
Many scholarships are available to college students.
Many scholarships are available to help pay for college.
Many scholarships are available to high school students.
Many scholarships are available to honor our state's best and brightest.
Many scholarships are available to non-majors.
Many scholarships are available to students enrolled in specific academic programs.
Many scholarships are available, either through the university or through private agencies.
Many scholarships are available.
Many scholarships are availiable.
Many scholarships are campus-wide and open to qualified students from any field.
Many scholarships are competitive and have early deadlines.
Many scholarships are in the science fields.
Many scholarships are only available to residents of a specific state.
Many scholarships are renewable from year to year by submission and review of grade transcript.
Many scholarships are renewable.
Many scholarships are specifically for accounting majors.
Many scholarships ask about volunteer experiences and community involvement.
Many scholarships cover all or part of the required student fees.
Many scholarships go un-awarded due to lack off applicants.
Many scholarships go unawarded each year.
Many scholarships have additional requirements as well.
Many scholarships have an additional application form.
Many scholarships have similar criteria for their awards.
Many scholarships have stiff renewal conditions, such as a high grade point average.
Many scholarships have stipulations with reference to ethnicity.
Many scholarships look for students who excel both inside and outside of the classroom.
Many scholarships require an autobiography as part of the application.
Many scholarships require or advantage students with many extra curricular activities.
Many scholarships require that the recipient receive paid release time and a travel stipend.
Many scholarships require that the student be eligible for federal financial aid.
More scholarship leads to less trading activity.
More scholarships are available than can be listed here.
More scholarships are available to African American college students than to whites.
More scholarships are available to our undergraduate engineering students now than ever before.
More Scholarships are for academic excellence.
More scholarships attract more students.
Most scholarships are available only to students who have already transferred into the college.
Most scholarships are available only to U.S. citizens and permanent residents.
Most scholarships are for an academic year of study abroad.
Most scholarships are for full-time study unless otherwise indicated.
Most scholarships are for one year only.
Most scholarships are for postgraduate study for one year.
Most scholarships are for seniors.
Most scholarships are merit based, while some are needs based.
Most scholarships are only available to seniors.
Most scholarships are only available to U.S. residents.
Most scholarships are renewable based on satisfactory academic performance.
Most scholarships are renewable based upon academic performance.
Most scholarships are renewable for up to four years if students maintain good academic standing.
Most scholarships are renewable provided the recipient meets the renewal criteria.
Most scholarships can only cover a part of a student's living expenses or tuition fees.
Most scholarships carry a two-semester usage deadline.
Most scholarships have many applicants.
Most scholarships have similar requirements, making the application process relatively simple.
Most scholarships have specific application criteria.
Most scholarships have specific information unique to each.
Most scholarships now have a Website where questions are answered.
Most scholarships pay full college tuition and most textbooks, lab and incidental fees.
Most scholarships pay full tuition, textbooks, lab and other required fees.
Most scholarships pay the majority of the tution and textbook expenses.
Most scholarships require a minimum enrollment of six credit hours per semester.
Most scholarships require a minimum GPA for consideration.
Most scholarships require a specific application.
Most scholarships require a written essay and an interview.
Most scholarships require an application and letters of recommendation from faculty.
Most scholarships require an application form, a personal essay, and letters of recommendations.
Most scholarships require an application, an essay, and the student's grade point average.
Most scholarships require an essay and transcript.
Most scholarships require annual applications.
Most scholarships require full-time enrollment during the year of the award.
Most scholarships require full-time enrollment.
Most scholarships require that it be applied for.
Most scholarships require the recipient to be enrolled full time.
Most scholarships require the student to maintain satisfactory academic progress for renewal.
Most scholarships require two letters of recomendation.
Most scholarships stipulate that students attend full-time.
Some scholarships adhere to more strict guidelines.
Some scholarships allow students to apply directly online.
Some scholarships allow students to undertake limited periods of employment.
Some scholarships also cover room and board.
Some scholarships also have additional criteria determined by the donor as listed below.
Some scholarships also require submitting a specific application.
Some scholarships are also available for graduate students.
Some scholarships are also available for part-time and external studies.
Some scholarships are also available.
Some scholarships are available and are often given directly by the universities.
Some scholarships are available at the county level.
Some scholarships are available at the local and state levels, in addition to the national level.
Some scholarships are available at the national, state, and district levels.
Some scholarships are available each year.
Some scholarships are available for adult continuing education.
Some scholarships are available for classes if the class is full.
Some scholarships are available for full time students.
Some scholarships are available for full-time students.
Some scholarships are available for honours degrees.
Some scholarships are available for international participants.
Some scholarships are available for low-income families.
Some scholarships are available for needy and deserving students.
Some scholarships are available for partial fee coverage.
Some scholarships are available for postgraduate study.
Some scholarships are available for riders.
Some scholarships are available for students from mainland China.
Some scholarships are available for students who are unable to pay.
Some scholarships are available for students who require financial assistance to participate.
Some scholarships are available for students with financial needs.
Some scholarships are available for students.
Some scholarships are available for travel and lodging.
Some scholarships are available for truly exceptional children.
Some scholarships are available for UCD faculty.
Some scholarships are available for undergraduate and graduate students on a competitive basis.
Some scholarships are available for undergraduate junior and senior years.
Some scholarships are available for undergraduate or graduate study abroad.
Some scholarships are available for unemployed or low-income disabled women.
Some scholarships are available on application.
Some scholarships are available only to Australian students and some only to international students.
Some scholarships are available only to United States citizens and permanent residents.
Some scholarships are available specifically for women.
Some scholarships are available specifically to minority students.
Some scholarships are available through the national headquarters.
Some scholarships are available to assist with registration fees.
Some scholarships are available to cover a portion of tuition and travel related expenses.
Some scholarships are available to eligible students.
Some scholarships are available to families who qualify.
Some scholarships are available to interested students.
Some scholarships are available to international students.
Some scholarships are available to qualified applicants.
Some scholarships are available to qualified biology students.
Some scholarships are available to students in all programs or programs that cross colleges.
Some scholarships are available upon request.
Some scholarships are available, call for details.
Some scholarships are available.
Some scholarships are award on the basis of very specific criteria.
Some scholarships are course or area specific, others are more generally available.
Some scholarships are for full tuition waivers while others are only partial.
Some scholarships are limited to tuition and fees.
Some scholarships are major specific.
Some scholarships are memorials for people who have made contributions to their profession.
Some scholarships are one time only and others are renewed annually.
Some scholarships are open to a wide spectrum of students, while others have specific criteria.
Some scholarships are renewable and others are awarded on a one-time basis.
Some scholarships are renewable if one continues to meet the eligibility criteria.
Some scholarships are renewable if stated in the scholarship offer.
Some scholarships are renewable up to four years, increasing the value substantially.
Some scholarships are renewable, while others are awarded on a one-time basis.
Some scholarships are single year and some are awarded over several years.
Some scholarships are specifically for minority students.
Some scholarships are very specific in their requirements, while others are flexible.
Some scholarships based on academic achievement are available.
Some scholarships bear additional restrictions.
Some scholarships carry other requirements as listed below.
Some scholarships cover one year of study and others are for the duration of the course.
Some scholarships covering the cost of fees are available.
Some scholarships extend beyond one year of study.
Some scholarships give preference to students who have special circumstances or unusual hardships.
Some scholarships go unawarded due to few or no applicants.
Some scholarships have additional application requirements and deadlines.
Some scholarships have additional application requirements.
Some scholarships have additional requirements beyond the ones listed below.
Some scholarships have automatic renewal and others require an annual application.
Some scholarships have specific eligibility qualifications.
Some scholarships have specific stipulations while others are more general.
Some scholarships lead to overseas study.
Some scholarships permit the recipient to pay in-state tuition.
Some scholarships require a different application.
Some scholarships require a separate application form and are so noted in their description.
Some scholarships require a statement on a topic to be supplied with the application form.
Some scholarships require additional information such as a transcript.
Some scholarships require an additional application or information.
Some scholarships require an essay.
Some scholarships require candidates to fulfill certain requirements over several years.
Some scholarships require demonstration of leadership and service.
Some scholarships require further forms.
Some scholarships require maintenance of a certain major or other unique criteria.
Some scholarships require no recommendations.
Some scholarships require public service.
Some scholarships require recipients to maintain a specific cumulative grade point average.
Some scholarships require submitting a specific application.
Some scholarships require that a presentation or essay be submitted.
Some scholarships take a year or more of advanced planning.
Some scholarships target specific geographical regions and academic disciplines.
Scholarships funds are available to aid families to afford the school.
Scholary arguments are one thing, insults another.
Scholary writing tends to be wordy and, therefore, confusing.
Scholastic accomplishment has no bearing on eligibility.
Scholastic achievement is also central to the mission of most fraternities and sororities.
Scholastic achievement is central to the mission of each of our fraternities.
Scholastic achievement is emphasized at every grade level.
Scholastic achievement is measured by performance in the prescribed preprofessional courses.
Scholastic achievement is recognized in an annual essay and poster contest.
Scholastic achievement is stressed in the public system.
Scholastic achievement is the acquisition of knowledge.
Scholastic activities are still to be given top priority.
Scholastic activities meet state and national standards.
Scholastic books sign Thieves copy from little scholastic books.
Any scholastic books believe active likewise strong, and camp engage others.
Scholastic chess poses special challenges with respect to membership growth and retention.
Scholastic coaches share their advice.
Scholastic competition takes place during the fall and spring quarters of the school year.
Scholastic dismissal is reflected on the student's permanent academic record.
Scholastic editors review every title to ensure the content is educational and age-appropriate.
Scholastic eligibility is based on a semester requirement.
Scholastic excellence is a central part of each chapter's goals.
Scholastic excellence is emphasized.
Scholastic excellence is required for admission.
Scholastic excellence is the central part of each chapter's goals.
Scholastic information is available on finalists for executive positions.
Scholastic life is prime time and phase in student life.
Scholastic products are widely available at retail.
Scholastic standing is also a criteria for scholarships and waivers.
Scholastic standing is an added criterion for election.
Scholastic theology sees itself on the analogy of the Aristotelian scientia.
Scholastic tournaments are only open to school-aged kids, and are split into grade levels.
Many scholastic tournaments have a special section for beginning level players.
A scholastic is a student
Scholastics are philosophers.
Scholastics are, after all, the primary reason of attending college.
Scholastics is a national exhibition and awards program for secondary school students.
Scholastics look at four major issues in their systematic process.
Scholastics tend to view knowledge as almost static, and focus on minor improvements at the margin.
A scholasticism is traditionalism
Scholasticism emphasises the use of dialectic.
Scholasticism gets a bad name.
Scholasticism is an attempt to rationalize in order to buttress faith by reason.
Scholasticism is the philosophy of permanent substantial being.
Scholasticisms are traditionalism.
School activities are a familiar and reassuring routine for the hospitalized child.
School activities are really laboratory courses in physical and emotional development.
School activities are the focus of all community activities.
School activities can have their own category.
School activities enrich learning.
School activities Find out more about our seminars, workshops and educational publications.
School activities have precedent in district facility use over all other activities.
School activities outlined here can help youth learn environmental responsibility.
School activities regulation.
School activities startup, and there seems to be a crispness in the air.
School activities support the curriculum.
All school activities support learning in a nurturing and challenging environment.
Many school activities depend upon the direct support and cooperation of our family volunteers.
Some school activities have deadlines.
School administration can search the database.
School administration includes principals, vice principals and other on-site administrators.
School administration is new.
School administration loves it.
School administration requires an appropriate non-teaching time allocation.
School administration uses nine rooms for administrators, secretaries and staff.
School administrator is an active participant on the behavior support team.
School administrators are a plague.
School administrators are also intent upon recruiting and retaining high quality teachers.
School administrators are always present and active at each monthly meeting.
School administrators are generally reluctant to consider metal detectors.
School administrators are important collaborators in all three of the projects.
School administrators are instrumental to the emergence of shared leadership.
School administrators are sensitive to the possibility.
School administrators are strong leaders who place students achievement as their main goal.
School administrators are the first line of defense.
School administrators are under siege.
School administrators are well aware of the interest in the school sites as Internet use increases.
School administrators can go to the website and find out how to get their school involved.
School administrators can help to attract attention and resources to the project.
School administrators can help.
School administrators can make or break the school success of children with special needs.
School administrators can only take steps to try to eliminate nuts in the school.
School administrators can promote equity in several ways.
School administrators can use it as an assessment tool for the evaluation of classroom performance.
School administrators can view student records.
School administrators cite a few disappointments.
School administrators deny the allegations.
School administrators fear there is a sinkhole undermining the building.
School administrators have a set of ideas all their own.
School administrators have big plans for the finger scan program.
School administrators have the responsibility of meeting many regulatory requirements.
School administrators have to turn down some requests.
School administrators hope that the summer vacation has restored normalcy to their schools.
School administrators hope to buy more cameras for the parking lots.
School administrators judge it invaluable.
School administrators lack the authority to pick their own staffs.
School administrators plan to research the availability of grant funds for the high school programs.
School administrators pledge to . . .
School administrators proclaim that the site is 'disruptive'.
School administrators provide helpful tips.
School administrators provide other essential services for children, teachers and parents.
School administrators provide strong support for staff development.
School administrators provide tips.
School administrators recruit teachers from four different groups.
School administrators say all tenth-graders have to do is go to bed an hour earlier.
School administrators say no full-time university workers earn less than that an hour.
School administrators say similar searches took place at several other schools throughout the area.
School administrators say that there is no reason to worry.
School administrators say the growth is just beginning.
School administrators say the population growth demands the schools.
School administrators say they are buyers in a sellers' market.
School administrators say they never checked the county's archaeological maps before buying it.
School administrators see the academy as an option for changing urban school systems.
School administrators spend less time settling disputes.
School administrators support the strategy by helping businesses understand school records.
School administrators take an expansive, totalitarian view of their own jurisdiction.
School administrators take the written comprehensive exam for administrators.
School administrators visit regularly bearing cards and milk shakes.
School administrators welcome comments from the student body.
Every school administrator has to deal with communication issues between the home and school.
Many school administrators are less than thrilled.
Most school administrators have nothing to do with that thought.
Most school administrators provide helpful tips.
Most school administrators provide tips.
School age begins the polarization of roles.
School assemblies are unparalleled for their educational value and entertaining delivery.
A school assignment is an assignment
School assignments dictate carpool schedules and morning routines.
School authorities are a little nervous about security for the meeting there.
School authorities are responsible for the identification of students with special needs.
School authorities are unsure of what to do and are talking about social services for the boy.
School authorities hope to hang it some place appropriate, like a church.
School authorities monitor popular Internet chat sites for any hint of anti-government sentiments.
School authorities reserve the right of final judgment.
School authorities say things came to a head after an on-going dispute between the girls.
School authority keeps full right for the final decision of enrollment.
School ball is about over and the Pirates are looking games.
School bands offer outlets for the musically talented.
School bands refer to the groups consisting student players in school .
School bands refer to the groups consisting student players in school.
A school bell is a bell
School bell sounds and the children start to pour in.
School bells are ringing, the doors are open, and classes have begun.
A school board is a board
School board adopts the improvement plan.
School board agendas never take into account the consequences of their actions.
School board dallies and loses state grant.
School board has duty to appoint trustee to serve until election when rezoning creates new zone.
School board needs better financial management.
School board stays under mayor's wing.
School board supports strict enforcement.
School boards allow breaks from regular programming for children to take part.
School boards are a school district's governance.
School boards are ambivalent about their responsibilities to monitor charter schools.
School boards are basically token rubber stamps.
School boards are boards.
School boards are community members who establish rules for how the district is run.
School boards are critical in making that connection.
School boards are democratic, but they too are failing everywhere they grow too large.
School boards are fiscally responsible to the voters and the vote to support schools is a Yes Vote.
School boards are Mexican origin.
School boards are nonpartisan.
School boards are only one example of an important local battlefield.
School boards are political entities after all.
School boards are responsible for maintaining and improving the quality of teaching.
School boards are responsible for setting policies that are carried out by administration.
School boards are responsible for the administration of teachers, staff and schools.
School boards are responsible for the budget of the entire system.
School boards are responsible for the performance of every employee under their supervision.
School boards are the other traditional targets in the school governance blame game.
School boards argue over whether to ban certain books from the classroom.
School boards call it zero tolerance.
School boards can adopt policy recommendations to strengthen state support for pre-school education.
School boards can approve local curriculum development.
School boards can make big differences in states with charter schools.
School boards can now submit a budget to voters no more than two times.
School boards can reject a charter application only if it falls short of specific criteria.
School boards can stand reform in their own procedures and governance.
School boards can support their superintendent and district staff.
School boards continue to govern districts, but the state controls how funds are allocated.
School boards differ across the country.
School boards do listen to their patrons.
School boards do that, and when they do, their voices carry.
School boards don t design curriculum details.
School boards don t want to arouse the ire of parents.
School boards educate children and play a key role in shaping tomorrow's citizens.
School boards get fearful when there is no contact.
School boards give people hope, too.
School boards have a significant level of responsibility in the use of resources in schools.
School boards have an obligation to ensure the safety of students and staff.
School boards have little control over budgets.
School boards have similar duties.
School boards have the responsibility to manage funds in a careful way.
School boards have their priorities straight.
School boards hear unification pitfalls .
School boards know better than Washington bureaucrats how to best use education funding.
School boards know first-hand the many, and increasing, needs of their students.
School boards know the regulations.
School boards maintain their authority to expel students.
School boards make dozens of important decisions each year.
School boards make policy and superintendents carry out the policy.
School boards offer schools as program sites.
School boards operate differently in Australia.
School boards operate with a ton of built-in accountability to parents and taxpayers.
School boards play an essential role in determining the quality of education students get.
School boards provide a learning environment conducive to teaching and learning.
School boards provide the critical link among schools, parents, and their communities.
School boards require some local autonomy to raise funds for education.
School boards run all the schools in one district.
School boards seek donations from local businesses, institutions, and individuals.
Many school boards make demands on parents who home educate to have their program monitored.
Most school boards consist of seven locally elected trustees who serve three-year terms without pay.
Most school boards require permission for an overnight trip.
Most school boards shy away from it, because it is controversial and little understood by parents.
Most school boards supply the following types.
Some school boards are so dysfunctional they are being abolished.
Some school boards have half as much again as other boards to spend on each student.
Some school boards have no teacher-librarians at all.
Some school boards prefer to conduct a superintendent search on their own.
Some school boards tend to want to overlook the presumption of innocence.
School books are full of communist propaganda and indoctrination material.
School books are located in backpacks.
School books are located in buses.
School books are still full of resentment.
School books can stay on the desk or in their backpack.
School books relate it as a grand undertaking.
School break runs wed-Fri next week.
Some school bullies are satisfied with emotional manipulation.
School bullying is a moral group response to a 'bad' member.
School bullying is all too common, educators and parents say.
A school bus is a bus
School bus pick up at backdoor.
School bus recalls.
School bus stops on street.
School bus stops.
School buses alter the nature of educational delivery.
School buses are a great American success story.
School buses are already the safest mode of travel.
School buses are already very safe.
School buses are automobiles.
School buses are buses.
School buses are common sights on urban streets and rural roads.
School buses are located in schools.
School buses are on roads - obey the stop signs and flashing lights.
School buses are one of the safest forms of transportation a child can take to school.
School buses are orangey-yellow.
School buses are rare.
School buses are still the safest mode of transportation for students.
School buses are taller and heavier than most other traffic and generally travel at moderate speeds.
School buses are the safest form of ground transportation.
School buses are the safest form of highway transportation.
School buses are the safest vehicles on the road.
School buses are the safest way to transport children to and from school.
School buses bring kids for the day.
School buses can only stop at designated bus stops.
School buses collect an entirely different bunch of distasteful things.
School buses come into the apartment complex.
School buses connect the rest of the district.
School buses drop off children.
School buses have an unparalleled safety record.
School buses have priority at dismissal time.
School buses make many stops.
School buses operate in close proximity to students, teachers and neighbors.
School buses operate on their own channel.
School buses pick up and drop off students at a stop near the apartments.
School buses provide transportation for children enrolled in public schools.
School buses provide transportation to the games from most Green Bay motels for a nominal charge.
School buses provide transportation.
School buses remain one of the safest forms of transportation in the United States.
School buses run along four different routes to transport children to the school each day.
School buses transport the children between their public schools and the campus.
School busses are considerably less expensive, but uncomfortable for long trips.
School busses are unable to pick up students and people are unable to commute to work.
School busses go down it now the width it is.
School busses have first priority in leaving school at dismissal time.
All school buses come with a courteous driver and a broad range of extra safety features.
All school buses utilize diesel fuel.
Every school bus is surrounded by a danger zone.
Most school buses use leaf spring suspensions.
School cafeterias have to work harder and be more imaginative.
All school cafeterias have computerized service and offer a debit card system.
School calls are more complex.
School campuses are campuses.
School Campuses Find out what's going on at our campuses.
School campuses maintain a safe and disciplined environment conducive to student learning.
School children are a lucrative market.
School children are always concerned about their scholastic averages.
School children are children.
School children are especially welcome to learn our history and experience our hopes for the future.
School children are excellent at locating missing pets, as are the local mail delivery people.
School children are exempt.
School children are fortunate in being able to sample a wide variety of environments in one place.
School children are free.
School children are heavier today than ever before.
School children are impressionable and easily influenced.
School children are impressionable, an d they emulate entertainment stars.
School children are located in buses.
School children are particularly interested in learning about recent astronomical discoveries.
School children are students.
School children are too young to be astronauts.
School children are very interested in environmental current events.
School children are workers.
School children await the start of another school day in Havana.
School children become teenagers.
School children can carry flash lights in a parade of support.
School children can place reflective strips on book bags and lunch boxes.
School children can use the project ideas for science fairs.
School children can visit and sit at the desks.
School children come on field trips and learn of their history first hand.
School children come together wearing training uniform and a red or white cap.
School children create original artwork adorning the display.
School children deserve to learn in modern, updated schools.
School children do street theater on the opposite side of the street from the Indonesian embassy.
School children explore the use of a transit on an archaeological site near Cooper Landing, Alaska.
School children explore their heritage.
School children go to the gas station.
School children have a parade, and come dressed up in butterfly costumes.
School children have more access to information about Korea from a wider variety of sources.
School children have no union, and the laws direct the school officials to protect their rights.
School children have nowhere to go to learn about the past.
School children learn condom use by practicing on bananas, cucumbers, and sex toys.
School children leave chewing gum wads on the sidewalk.
School children live in areas.
School children move from class to class at the command of a bell.
School children provide h urine samples.
School children provide samples.
School children rang the old bell in the statewide celebration.
School children reach full potential.
School children reach potential.
School children react to changes and stress within the family unit in which they belong.
School children receive a small allowance for school expenses and free bus pass.
School children refer to each other by surname.
School children require a greater degree of supervision than do adults.
School children search the world's greatest libraries.
School children take excursions.
School children tell the story of Chinese New Year.
School children use multimedia technology.
School children wait for their school buses at that location.
All school children are welcome.
All school children have the right to free preventive dental treatment.
All school children wear uniforms, even if they attend a government school.
Every school child is taught that, in our American democracy, every vote counts.
Every school child knows that the dinosaurs are extinct.
Every school child learns about the importance of infrastructure for economic and social stability.
Every school child wears a school uniform.
Many school children rely on street food to provide healthy meals away from home.
Most school children know that New York City was once New Amsterdam.
Most school children live in areas.
Most school children provide h urine samples.
Most school children provide samples.
Most school children reach full potential.
Most school children reach potential.
Some school children lose fear.
Some school children study metamorphosis.
School choice allows families to choose the best education available for their child.
School choice attracts wide support from across the political spectrum.
School choice brings about new enrollment patterns, that is, how kids are allocated among schools.
School choice falls into the former category, apparently.
School choice happens all year in Minneapolis.
School choice increases competition and raises expectations.
School choice involves a host of options.
School choice is a key motivator as well.
School choice is a matter of justice, and is imperative for parents facing financial hardship.
School choice is a pretty new concept in California's public education system.
School choice is a simple idea.
School choice is about providing educational opportunities for all students.
School choice is an idea whose time has come.
School choice is an issue most appropriately addressed by local school boards.
School choice is an issue of basic social justice.
School choice is another sore point.
School choice is fundamentally an ethical moral issue, an issue of social justice.
School choice is important.
School choice is in our future.
School choice is meaningless where there are no private schools accessible to some students.
School choice is more than an education-reform proposal.
School choice is on the march.
School choice is on the national agenda.
School choice is one means of fixing the situation, according to the report.
School choice is one of the most intriguing and controversial.
School choice is one, charter schools are another.
School choice is one.
School choice is part of our positive agenda to empower people and restrain government.
School choice is the hottest idea in the area of education reform today.
School choice is the most readily apparent solution to the problem of assimilation.
School choice is the practice of allowing parents to choose from among a variety of schools.
School choice is the process of empowering parents to choose the best school for their child.
School choice is the right name for a wrongheaded re-form of public education.
School choice leads to competitive education.
School choice narrows the gap.
School choice ought to be a non-negotiable part of public education.
School choice provides a level financial field.
School choice provides better and more integration than the public system.
School choice provides improvements the Education Establishment needs - and parents want.
School choice refers to providing vouchers for parents to attend non-public schools.
School choice violates the separation of church and state.
School choice works.
School class pages home page Find just about anyone who's on any of the class lists.
School classes accompanied by a teacher have free admittance and a guided tour.
School classes can also do a co-operative kind of book about the classroom pet.
School classes can visit the sites.
School classes come and visit.
School classes conduct their curriculum units here.
School classes count too.
School climate has an effect on teachers and other staff as well.
School climate includes teacher and student attendance, tardiness, and morale.
School climate involves relationships and the strength of the instructional process.
School climate is an ever changing factor in the lives of people who work and learn in schools.
School climate is enhanced by improved relationships among peers and between students and teachers.
School climate is positive, and the faculty is developing a common, child-centered vision.
School climate is related to parental involvement .
School climate plays an important role in the development of the self-esteem of students.
School climate refers to the quality and character of school life.
School closing is an exciting time for the children.
School closings result.
School clubs are a fun way to meet people.
School clubs compete as their own category.
School clubs meet during school hours.
School clubs operate under the same guidelines as community clubs.
School clubs play a big part of student s lives in Japan.
School colors are black, orange and white.
School colors are black, white, blue and grey.
School colors are blue and gold.
School colors are blue and white.
School colors are buff and blue, representing the sand and the sea of Hawaii.
School colors are crimson, white, and black.
School colors are forest green and khaki.
School colors are gold and brown.
School colors are gold and white.
School colors are green and gold.
School colors are green and white with black as an accent.
School colors are green, black and silver.
School colors are maroon and white, and our mascot is the tigers.
School colors are navy blue and silver.
School colors are purple and gold.
School colors are purple and white.
School colors are red and blue.
School colors are red and white and the mascot is the mountaineer.
School colors are red, black and silver.
School colors are red, white, and blue.
School colors are royal blue and gold and the school mascot is the tiger.
School colors are stalwart gray and valor blue.
School colors are useless to the naked.
School colors remain the same, orange and black.
All school colors are available.
Most school colors are available.
School committees represent the diversity of the community.
School corporations get some, but only for property tax relief.
School corporations maintain grade level configurations that logically serve their needs.
All school corporations are exempt from corporation tax and other taxes.
All school corporations are partially exempt from corporation tax and other taxes.
Every school corporation has a focus on something.
Most school corporations have a readiness checklist for children entering their kindergartens.
Some school corporations have lots of valuable property to tax, others have very little.
School councils are an excellent way to do that.
School councils are mandatory for all public schools - including charter schools.
School councils are responsible to the parents and the community they serve.
School councils meet regularly in accordance with calendars and rules they develop for themselves.
School councils represent parents at every school in Peel.
All school councils have the discretion to co-opt students as members of the school council.
School counseling is mandated in Vietnam.
School counsellors are also responsible to the principal of any school in which they are working.
School counsellors are terrific, they can always go to see a counsellor.
School counsellors can recommend suitable placement opportunities.
School counselor manages a website that provides information about teenagers for parents.
School counselors administer comprehensive guidance programs in elementary and secondary schools.
School counselors are a good place to start.
School counselors are a vital part of the schools' academic team.
School counselors are an important resource in reaching students.
School counselors are available in each school.
School counselors are available to meet with parents concerning their children.
School counselors are busy professionals.
School counselors are familiar with the eligibility test and application deadlines.
School counselors are skilled in choosing assessment strategies.
School counselors are skilled in interpreting and reporting assessment results.
School counselors are skilled in using assessment results in decision-making.
School counselors are soul-searching, looking for ways to prevent other deaths.
School counselors are typically responsible for both guidance and student services activities.
School counselors are vital links in enrolling students and supporting the process.
School counselors assume that people construct their own meanings.
School counselors can advocate for implementation of bullying prevention curriculum.
School counselors can also answer questions and provide additional information.
School counselors can also help advise student about career and colleqe qoals.
School counselors can arrange opportunities for students to discuss adjustment problems.
School counselors can assist with questions on course selection.
School counselors can be a tremendous source of help and support.
School counselors can earn additional income working summers in the school system or in other jobs.
School counselors can earn extra income by working another job during the summer.
School counselors can help families sort out the details.
School counselors can help, too.
School counselors can identify, access, and evaluate the most commonly used assessment instruments.
School counselors consult with teachers and parents on student behavior and effective parenting.
School counselors deal with the personal, social, and educational development of students.
School counselors emphasize teamwork and collaboration within the school.
School counselors encourage personal growth and development throughout the life span.
School counselors establish trust and build a helping relationship.
School counselors explore how differences in value systems affect the delivery of services.
School counselors focus on help students.
School counselors focus on students.
School counselors have degrees.
School counselors have master degrees.
School counselors have special skills.
School counselors help people to accommodate to change or to make changes in their lifestyle.
School counselors help skills.
School counselors help students develop academic and social skills and succeed in school.
School counselors help students develop social skills and succeed in school.
School counselors help students to relate academic achievement to personal career success.
School counselors hold the key to the teaching and the valuing of diversity.
School counselors indicate that there have been significant changes in youths' grades and behavior.
School counselors know it.
School counselors match eligible students with the mentors assigned to the campus.
School counselors offer educational, personal-social, and career counseling for ALL students.
School counselors play a crucial role in educating our elementary school children.
School counselors promote educational success, interpersonal skills and self-understanding.
School counselors see an increasing number of suicidal children as well as adolescents.
School counselors share materials and refer women to the center.
School counselors work closely with parents.
School counselors work in private and public schools where they have private offices.
School counselors work in private and public schools.
School counselors work to address personal, social, academic and career needs.
School counselors work with students individually and in groups.
School counselors work with students individually, in classrooms, and in small groups.
School counselors work with teachers.
Most school counselors focus on help students.
Most school counselors focus on students.
Most school counselors have degrees.
Most school counselors have master degrees.
Most school counselors help skills.
Most school counselors work nine or ten months a year with time off during school vacations.
Most school counselors work with teachers.
Some school counselors advise students.
Some school counselors earn additional income working summers in the school system or in other jobs.
Some school counselors manage career centers as part of academic counseling.
Some school counselors work in public schools.
Some school counselors work in schools.
School curricula can be questionable.
School curricula reflect the richness of California's cultural diversity.
School curriculums show a greater emphasis on the environment and so do the media.
All school curriculum is the same - according to state guide lines.
School dances have different needs than private parties or other events.
A school day is a period
School days alternate between A and B schedules.
School days are days.
School days are different.
School days are full of educational challenges that require long attention spans and stamina.
School days are here again.
School days are near at hand again.
School days are seven hours long which is longer than most traditional public schools.
School days are too precious to miss, especially unnecessarily.
School days can be great fun - a time for learning, playing and making friends.
School days seem monotonous with uninspiring lessons, routine assignments and predictable lunches.
Every school day begins with the reading of a Morning Prayer before the announcements.
Every school day learn a new fact centered on a weekly theme.
Most school days begin with a test.
School desegregation meets postmodernist literary analysis.
School desk Used at an elementary school in Madison, Wisconsin, ca.
School desks are the property of the school district.
Some school desks accommodate only right handers.
School dinners come on a plate.
School discipline discusses the characteristics of negative behavior.
School discipline has to be examined from a total school perspective.
School discipline is a matter of courtesy, manners, and attitude.
School discipline is one area that can benefit greatly by using RJ principles.
School discipline is terrible.
School discipline is the responsibility of the school administrator.
A school district is a district
School district cringes.
School district ecomuseum as an educational field for learning regional environment.
School district has financial problems.
School district has no right to appeal decision of county board of equalization.
School district includes diverse neighborhoods.
School district is able to demonstrate control of resources, programs, and personnel.
School district is here to serve the community.
School district is one of the best.
School district is responsible to identify a student's disability.
School district provides transportation and lunch.
School district requires parents to provide an assessment .
School district runs morning and evening care programs for kids.
School district tries to force kindergartners with diabetes to change schools .
School districts account for the lreatest part of the Utah family's property tax bill.
School districts accredit their own schools.
School districts adopt a tax rate each year for general operations and debt service.
School districts adopt standards and assessments for students in reading, writing and mathematics.
School districts ail to provide education as required by law.
School districts apply directly to their States for subgrants.
School districts apply to the State to receive funding for either purpose.
School districts are a good example of the tension between local and state forces.
School districts are a vital part of communities, especially small communities.
School districts are also eligible under some circumstances.
School districts are among the area's largest employers.
School districts are among the most important big businesses that communities have.
School districts are complex organizations with diverse functions.
School districts are educational organizations.
School districts are exempt from paying punitive damages.
School districts are independent governing bodies with autonomous decision-making authority.
School districts are independent tax entities with their own taxing authority and governing board.
School districts are likely to be most open to cooperation if they are approached early.
School districts are more sacred than zoning, and zoning is pretty sacred.
School districts are no different.
School districts are of many minds.
School districts are one of the most important aspects of our land purchase decision.
School districts are political subdivisions of the state.
School districts are responsible for increasing the efficiency of delivering educational services.
School districts are responsible for locating and assessing exceptional students.
School districts are responsible for providing a free, appropriate public education for each child.
School districts are responsible for providing their own student systems.
School districts are responsible for travel expenses to and from California.
School districts are sometimes different from other local jurisdictions .
School districts are sometimes different from other local jurisdictions.
School districts are too big.
School districts are typically reluctant to seek injunctive relief from courts.
School districts are very focused on reading results.
School districts are voluntary members of a consortium - there is no mandate to participate.
School districts are, in fact, using foundation allowance money for that purpose.
School districts assume the cost of other meals and other incidental fees.
School districts bear the cost of labor in arranging employer visits to their eighth-grade classes.
School districts borrow money for construction costs by selling bonds to private investors.
School districts borrow the money and repay it to privateborrowers.
School districts build large high schools or consolidate schools to create even larger schools.
School districts calculate weighted average discount based on individual schools.
School districts can also recruit, retrain and re-deploy teachers, principals and administrators.
School districts can also register online and post multiple jobs.
School districts can be no different.
School districts can choose between paper and electronic versions of reporting.
School districts can choose from a wide selection of plans or develop their own.
School districts can choose more than one system if needs within the district vary.
School districts can establish career ladders and staff development plans.
School districts can exceed their caps only by getting voter approval in a referendum.
School districts can improve students' overall access to healthy food choices.
School districts can learn much from the nation s top business executives and management experts.
School Districts can make arrangements to administer the exam in their own computer laboratories.
School districts can only pose two levy requests to a community in one year.
School districts can only use public funds for curriculum that meets state approval.
School districts can pay over the minimum.
School districts can post and update their job postings and evaluate applications.
School districts can post special education job vacancies for FREE at the same web site location.
School districts can provide preschool services to children at whatever age they choose.
School districts can release all scores, and some have done so.
School districts can save money by sharing resources.
School districts can show school age populations geographically.
School districts can showcase their facilities to a wide audience.
School districts can solve the teacher shortage by changing their behavior.
School districts can subscribe at discounted rates.
School Districts can use a combination of the options if they so choose.
School districts can use savings to buy computers or give the teachers a pay raise.
School districts complain about skyrocketing legal fees.
School districts consolidate.
School districts continue to turn up the heat on low-performing teachers.
School districts contribute the most, but local resources vary.
School districts deal with kids.
School districts decide which services are offered and where they are provided.
School districts dismiss school on the days of the in-service.
School districts enter applicant search criteria into the database and find qualified matches.
School districts explore innovative approaches to purchasing.
School districts face a tough task keeping up with a statewide enrollment that has never declined.
School districts face individual challenges to student performance.
School districts fail to provide education as required by law.
School districts follow many government regulations covering the health and safety of students.
School districts fork over about half that amount.
School districts gain trained specialists in writing to assist in staff and curriculum development.
School districts get extra money to educate special education students.
School districts get free commodities, such as bulk cheeses and meats, from the federal government.
School districts have a monopoly of information.
School districts have a responsibility to offer each student an opportunity to have a full life.
School districts have attorneys who are paid with public moneys.
School districts have been combined, farms are much larger and farm families are much smaller.
School districts have different policies about the heat.
School districts have different roof-performance histories and different levels of acceptable risk.
School districts have difficulty keeping trained personnel who can properly submit data.
School districts have enormous resources and responsibilities.
School districts have enough trouble managing our tax dollars.
School districts have management information systems.
School districts have more control over student curricular speech than student independent speech.
School districts have no authority to approve or disapprove curriculum.
School districts have policies and procedures for involving students in enrichment activities.
School districts have policies that address issues of equity.
School districts have primary responsibility for new teacher development at the school site.
School districts have programs and services to assist children with disabilities.
School districts have technology plans for integrating technology in the instructional program.
School districts have the most comprehensive laws on conflict of interest.
School districts have the responsibility and the obligation to provide access.
School districts have to follow well planned recipes to generate reproducible improvements.
School districts have to put an adult in front of the room.
School districts have two choices when educating students with special needs.
School districts have two major tasks at hand.
School districts have up to two years to change their reports.
School districts invest and allocate interest to auxiliary services money.
School districts invest millions in educational hardware and software.
School districts invest substantial resources to hire teachers.
School districts keep learning .
School districts maintain a list of agencies qualified to conduct independent evaluations.
School districts maintain and use personal information for a variety of educational purposes.
School districts make the decision to go through with a construction project.
School districts make their own rules and deadlines for applications.
School districts move from multiple collections to single records.
School districts nominate their Teacher of the Year who then proceeds to regional competition.
School districts offer greater pay for teachers with advanced degrees.
School districts pay a fee to participate in the training.
School districts pay a fee to participate.
School districts pay the contractor an annual fee to run the program.
School districts provide bilingual instruction in scores of native languages.
School districts provide food and lodging for a trained workshop facilitator.
School districts provide leadership.
School districts provide literacy materials, facilities, clients, and coordination assistance.
School districts provide very little in the way of thorough and thoughtful training.
School districts purchase milk in half-pint containers.
School districts receive a list of approved textbooks from which to select.
School districts receive additional funding for each additional student they receive.
School districts receive no inflationary protection in how they are funded.
School districts receive state and federal aid based on the number of students they educate.
School districts recruit primarily during winter and spring quarters.
School districts rely heavily on property tax revenues.
School districts rely heavily on property taxes to support their budgets.
School districts repay the face value of the bonds.
School districts require a fingerprint check and screening for field experience placements.
School districts require better planning to meet educational needs.
School districts respond to where the growth is.
School districts say the money soft drink vending companies generate pads their coffers.
School districts see a minefield of potential litigation.
School districts see things differently.
School districts seek teachers with broad qualifications to provide staffing flexibility.
School districts serve students.
School districts share resources with industry.
School districts submit their data via standardized computer files.
School districts subtract state aid received for principal and interest on debt for facilities.
School districts take on student-mobility issues.
School districts tend to close ranks when there has been a serious error on their part.
School districts tend to want to divide and conquer.
School districts use a wide variety of curricular materials in juvenile justice education programs.
School districts use credentials to determine which applicants to interview.
School districts use the field to figure out the best bus routes.
School districts vary widely in the math and science courses offered to students.
School districts vary widely in their response to the liability issue in relation to ponds.
All school districts accept resumes and applications on an ongoing basis.
All school districts are concerned with the improvement of curriculum.
All school districts are eligible for a free satellite dish.
All school districts are eligible to apply for funding.
All school districts are eligible to apply for TLCF grants .
All school districts are eligible to apply.
All school districts are eligible.
All school districts are independent, so employment procedures and personnel policies vary.
All school districts are to be funded in a six year cycle.
All school districts determine the expenditure limitation by the use of state mandated formulas.
All school districts have code violations, but they vary greatly in severity.
All school districts have operating funds available for use throughout the year.
All school districts have to change security and adapt as needed.
All school districts incur costs beyond the classroom to allow for their efficient operation.
All school districts participate in the reading and mathematics assessment each year.
All school districts require certain credentials from applicants before they hire.
All school districts use the test.
Any school district can testify about the restrictions that go with federal grants.
Every school district develops unique inclusion models.
Every school district has a code of student conduct.
Every school district has an elected board and an appointed superintendent.
Every school district has mission statements or policies that mention meeting individual needs.
Every school district has teachers who seem to have the magic touch for obtaining grants.
Every school district is different.
Every school district requires some specific courses to meet graduation requirements.
Every school district tries to prepare students for additional education after high school.
Many school districts adopt a hard-line approach to reducing unexcused absenteeism.
Many school districts are able to manage more teachers with fewer administrators.
Many school districts are able to pass bonds under existing law.
Many school districts are so desperate to fill positions that they have waived full certification.
Many school districts balk at providing intense instruction.
Many school districts do criminal history checks on new employees.
Many school districts evaluate their superintendents for legal reasons.
Many school districts face the worst teacher shortage ever.
Many school districts give a lot of lip service to parent involvement.
Many school districts give students the day off.
Many school districts have access to cable television in each classroom.
Many school districts have an administrator who is charged with being alert to grant opportuniites.
Many school districts have extensive libraries and media collections housed at a central location.
Many school districts have extensive or limited information on the Internet.
Many school districts have Internet access for students and staff.
Many school districts have large balances of unspent funds in their ECFE programs.
Many school districts have more than one high school.
Many school districts have properties designated as school forests.
Many school districts have technology support personnel such as inservice coordinators.
Many school districts have their own service learning programs.
Many school districts have WANs in place for administrative functions.
Many school districts offer alternatives to the traditional classroom setting.
Many school districts offer middle school courses that can be taken for high school credit.
Many school districts offer signing bonuses to new teachers.
Many school districts offer the classes twice a year in both Spanish and English.
Many school districts offer ways for students to publish their work on the Internet.
Many school districts opt to privatize bus services to cut costs and lawsuit risks.
Many school districts provide partial or full tuition for their teachers.
Many school districts publish comprehensive school data.
Many school districts purchase the book on an annual basis for all incoming new teachers.
Many school districts recruit on campus.
Many school districts require a credential file as part of the application process.
Many school districts require specific information when applying for a teaching position.
Many school districts require the doctorate for superintendents.
Many school districts say the figures are unreliable and have a history of errors.
Many school districts seek teachers with a liberal arts background.
Many school districts suffer critical shortages of highly qualified, credentialed teachers.
Many school districts supply children with summer reading lists.
Many school districts teach citizenship to children who speak a variety of languages and dialects.
Many school districts use an internal service fund system to recoup the full costs of operations.
Many school districts use custom templates to standardize cataloging procedures.
Most school districts allow two years for full implementation.
Most school districts are already strapped for cash.
Most school districts ask parents to review bus behavior with their children before school starts.
Most school districts broach the issue by the sixth grade.
Most school districts enter into whole-grade sharing contracts prior to reorganizing.
Most school districts face budget shortfalls.
Most school districts focus on the children who are performing below grade level.
Most school districts have a formal discipline policy.
Most school districts have an acceptable use policy that has been developed with legal counsel.
Most school districts have merely average performance with a few pockets of success.
Most school districts have only one certified gifted teacher position that is State funded.
Most school districts have programs for young parents.
Most school districts have specific questions and evaluation criteria for their recruiting efforts.
Most school districts listed have links to their individual schools.
Most school districts offer only one or two days for teacher education, and some offer none at all.
Most school districts operate with inadequate and outdated performance management systems.
Most school districts participate.
Most school districts pay an electricity rate two to four times higher than the industrial rate.
Most school districts prefer job applicants who hold the CLAD credential.
Most school districts provide a standard form for the written report.
Most school districts provide e-mail accounts to employees at NO COST to the employee.
Most school districts reopen next week.
Most school districts require a master's degree.
Most school districts require a placement file as part of their application procedures for teachers.
Most school districts run a cash deficit during the first two or three months of the school year.
Most school districts seem financially unable to pay the salaries involved.
Most school districts serve students.
Most school districts state their standard for maximum length of ride to be one hour or less.
Most school districts support teachers investment in their professional knowledge and skills.
Most school districts use eligibility for free and reduced-price lunch as the indicator of poverty.
Most school districts use on-board video cameras to track and curtail violence.
Some school districts acknowledge charter schools actually bring revenue into their district.
Some school districts allow schools to be innovative in how they address state reform.
Some school districts are able to hire grant writers.
Some school districts are confused about open government laws.
Some school districts are fortunate to receive grants to alleviate the costs.
Some school districts are less fortunate.
Some school districts are more supportive of home schooling than others.
Some school districts are relatively safe and seek to remain so.
Some school districts are very good at providing choices.
Some school districts believe they're up to the challenge.
Some school districts collect comprehensive data, while others collect minimal data.
Some school districts collect old uniforms to distribute to needy families.
Some school districts develop a roster of architects that they use in turn.
Some school districts do courageously face the reality of violence.
Some school districts don t have the family pay at all.
Some school districts employ psychologists full time.
Some school districts encourage local experts to serve as co-facilitators, rather than participants.
Some school districts enforce anti-loitering rules as well.
Some school districts feel like they have to take a proactive role in keeping children safe.
Some school districts give preference in hiring to counselors with teaching credentials.
Some school districts have difficulty passing bond elections for new facilities.
Some school districts have extensive guidelines, while others have minimal guidelines.
Some school districts have policies against bonuses and other perks.
Some school districts have services for children younger than three.
Some school districts have the parents decide.
Some school districts have their own curriculum or guidelines, while others follow state guidelines.
Some school districts have toll free numbers.
Some school districts hire assistants under the classification of teacher assistants.
Some school districts hire part-time physicians, but that's rare, except at residential schools.
Some school districts maintains policies regarding research being conducted in their school.
Some school districts mandate full inclusion.
Some school districts offer credit to student-athletes who are involved in the program.
Some school districts offer evening or weekend adult vocational education programs.
Some school districts offer night classes with traditional classroom style teaching.
Some school districts offer specialized services to children coping with illness.
Some school districts pay aides in special education programs slightly higher wages.
Some school districts pay incentives as bonuses or as part of the salary schedule.
Some school districts plan thoughtfully about how to use the simulation.
Some school districts prefer to have a resume attached to the completed application form.
Some school districts profit financially from their charter schools.
Some school districts provide a home independent study option.
Some school districts provide additional salary increases.
Some school districts provide buses to bring teachers and their students to the program.
Some school districts provide child care before and after school hours.
Some school districts provide courses free to their own resident students.
Some school districts provide release time for college training.
Some school districts provide special programs for teen parents.
Some school districts provide their own staff development to their teachers and administrators.
Some school districts publish information to help parents choose among schools.
Some school districts require a state criminal background check.
Some school districts require an adult witness to be present during a paddling.
Some school districts require students.
Some school districts require that all children be screened.
Some school districts say they support the idea.
Some school districts select to use an access-only approach for very young students.
Some school districts serve communities with more school-aged children than others.
Some school districts share the cost.
Some school districts shell out enormous resources on remedial reading, others far less.
Some school districts subsidize the cost.
Some school districts threaten parents with due process.
Some school districts use different terminology to describe their disciplinary actions.
Some school districts use it on the salary schedule.
Some school districts use professors from nearby universities to limit costs.
Some school districts view talking about body art as a way of promoting it.
Some school districts work with parents to provide a local transportation option.
School division determines implementation plan.
School divisions are limited to two applications per division.
School divisions are responsible for providing facilitators.
School divisions are therefore, required to provide release time for participating teachers.
School divisions submit proposals which outline projects for individual classrooms.
Every school division is guaranteed representation in the academic program.
Many school divisions have their policies posted on their Web sites.
Some school divisions have compulsory components.
School dropouts form a large part of the structural unemployment in many countries.
School education builds on knowledge that children come to school with.
School education has a central role to play in shaping opinions and perceptions.
School education is given equally in both Italian and French.
School education is seen as the key intervention area.
School educators help students.
School fees apply.
School fees are also expensive.
School fees are due at the beginning of each semester or two times per year.
School fees are payable in Colombian pesos.
School fees are to be paid annually.
School fees are vulnerable to inflation.
School food authority makes decisions.
School food is adequate.
School gardens add to a child's education in a number of ways.
School gardens are a fun way to expand curriculums and gain student interest.
School gardens can serve as a tool to teach nutrition education related to fruits and vegetables.
School gardens provide students an opportunity to develop a natural respect for living things.
School girls bare it all just to get fucked up their xxx free pics assholes.
School girls feel that the best way to be accepted is to be skinny.
School girls show off their school kits.
School grades go by years in school.
School grades improve.
School graduates have experience.
School holidays are a wonderful thing - they make the bus trip to work so much more bearable.
School holidays are inconvenient for firms since many of their staff take leave then.
School holidays can sometimes be frustrating because it's difficult.
School holidays follow the same pattern as the local schools.
School holidays influence walking patterns and the purpose of a trip is often time dependent.
Every school house is inescapably an establishment of religion.
School improvement begins with risk-takers willing to try new innovations.
School improvement flourishes in a climate of positive community involvement.
School improvement involves everyone.
School improvement is a continuous process.
School improvement is a full time job.
School improvement is a journey.
School improvement is an ongoing process.
School improvement is continuous, and it is challenging.
School improvement is continuous.
School improvement is ongoing.
School improvement is our plan for reaching higher student achievement.
School improvement is primarily people improvement.
School improvement is the cornerstone of the North Central accreditation process.
School improvement is the result of planning by the staff, students, and parents.
School improvement is their constant theme.
School improvement is tied to community development.
School improvement requires time, concentration, and the commitment of core personnel.
School integration begins in Washington and Baltimore.
School integration is offered to families when a patient is able to return to school.
School land is located mostly in the western half of the state.
School lands are available for public hunting and fishing.
School leadership becomes more challenging with each new initiative and teaching trend.
School leadership is a complex and demanding job .
School leadership is an art and a science.
School leadership sets expectations, supplies support, and assesses whether expectations are met.
School leavers go through an entrance examination, while serving teachers go through an interview.
School leavers Let's now look at what has happened to the school leavers.
School leavers tend to be very productive and very motivated.
Many school leavers choose to combine work with further education.
School lessons come alive on the computer screen through videoconferencing and the Internet.
School librarian finds missing dogs thanks to pet psychic.
School librarians assume increasingly diverse responsibilities today.
School librarians have no identity crisis.
School librarians support the entire instructional program in a school.
School librarians teach students.
School librarians unveil first-ever national standards for information literacy.
Many school librarians are very active Web users.
Many school librarians send home a reading list in the final report card.
Most school librarians teach students.
School libraries are a valuable component of a child's education because they help a child achieve.
School libraries are an exception.
School libraries are insufficient, without adequate resources for students and teachers.
School libraries are integral to the curriculum and serve as resources for educating our children.
School libraries are likely sources as well.
School libraries are limited.
School libraries are located in schools.
School libraries are the information and literacy centers of their learning communities.
School libraries can only apply if they co-operate with a public library.
School libraries die while public libraries remain poor.
School libraries do the same.
School libraries get a catalogue with program listings.
School libraries have an unique role in the world of libraries.
School libraries make a difference in the lives of children.
School libraries provide books, materials and training to support the school curriculum.
School libraries provide equal access to learning and teaching resources.
School libraries provide the tools that allow students to develop more critical thinking skills.
School libraries receive autographed classroom copies of the author's and illustrator's book.
School libraries represent a special problem when it comes to data collection.
School library gets donation.
School library provides extensive resources for students and staff.
Any school library can participate.
Every school library has books on dinosaurs, of course.
Many school libraries exhibit serious shortcomings, or are virtually non-existent.
Many school libraries locate network connections in as many places as possible in the library.
Many school libraries maintain a set of IRPs for parents to consult.
Most school libraries have a limited number of works on library automation.
Most school libraries have no sufficient level of access for all Texas public libraries is critical.
School line is a tool to help make that possible.
School lunch is a social time.
School lunch is available at the junior high and high school.
School lunch is one way to emphasize the basics of good nutrition.
School lunch is only one of the three meals.
School lunch provides proteins.
School lunches are a good source.
School lunches can improve children s nutrition, health and ability to learn.
School lunches contain a variety of foods and offer students exposure to new and exciting choices.
School lunches contain more packaged foods and are no longer cooked at the school.
School lunches feature foods like burgers, pizzas, and tacos.
School lunches stick to the wall.
School lunches stick to the walls.
School lunches use the same tool, as do food assistance programs.
All school lunches are prepared and served as non-profit items.
Many school lunches are notoriously high in fat and salt.
Most school lunch provides proteins.
School massacres come and go, and nothing happens.
School meals are an important source of calcium for children.
School meals are as essential as books and bus rides.
School meals are now subject to a new federal law, which requires leaner standards.
School meals are varied and nutritious with a vegetarian alternative offered.
School meals encourage parents to keep their children in school.
School meals have more grains, fruits and vegetables than they did ten years ago.
School meals offer great value for money.
School myopia appears during childhood, particularly the school-age years.
School name is blank on District files.
School names are registered trademarks of their respective institutions.
School names can be more than just offensive.
School names listed in blue with underlining indicate that they have a web-site.
Some school names are downright embarrassing to say.
Some school names contain a word which has a widely recognized abbreviation.
A school newspaper is a newspaper
School newspaper reports on crimes.
School newspapers are newspapers.
School newspapers are part of the process.
School newspapers offer kids wonderful writing opportunities for real audiences.
School nurses are available for any of the five schools in an emergency.
School nurses are currently subject to state civil service rules and procedure.
School nurses are diligent and conscientious advocates for all children.
School nurses are helpful in identifying child advocacy information resources.
School nurses are often the only primary care providers that children see on a regular basis.
School nurses are resources for teachers, students and parents.
School nurses are respected members of the community and have knowledge of community resources.
School nurses are vital members of the school team.
School nurses attend meetings of the task force on school violence.
School nurses can also offer insight to staff members on their personal medical questions.
School nurses can be the catalysts in making the program effective.
School nurses can do a lot to check and protect kids if they are given the go-ahead.
School nurses can share successes, identify new resources and post questions.
School nurses check students before they can enroll in school.
School nurses do much more than dispense aspirin to kids with exam-itis.
School nurses find themselves isolated in the system and without political power.
School nurses have one set of concerns, industrial nurses another and hospital nurses another.
School nurses help children when they are sick or hurt.
School nurses -Individually pray before or after school.
School nurses offer invaluable information to the team that only sees the child a few times a year.
School nurses offer unique assistance to meet that goal by promoting healthy classrooms.
School nurses provide health services including clinic management and individual case management.
School nurses provide many of the follow-up activities.
School nurses provide the majority of oral health education and services to students.
School nurses provide valuable hours to the sealant program.
School nurses provide vision, hearing, scoliosis screening and related health services.
School nurses say it s happening more often, as the demands on parents grow.
School nurses teach and heal in many ways.
School nurses use their clinical and assessment skills in a community setting.
Many school nurses allow kids with headaches to lie down for half an hour.
Many school nurses have an open prescription for lice medicine.
Some school nurses report more days absent for asthma than common colds.
School nursing becomes accountable in education through behavioral objectives .
School nursing is as complex as parenting is today.
School nursing is different from other nursing jobs.
Schools of architecture are quite different following the countries.
Many schools of architecture have individual chapters.
School of art offers adult and children's classes.
Schools of art are full of bright talent and the arts sky-rocket in popularity throughout Europe.
Schools of choice allow students to enroll in schools outside their home district.
Most schools of choice are small.
Schools of education draw their students from the lowest performers in the college population.
Schools of education have a difficult task.
Schools of education look for teacher exchanges and internships.
Schools of fish are everywhere.
Schools of fish are herds.
Schools of fish are located in water.
Schools of fish churn the waters.
Schools of fish hang around structures such as storm-drain outfalls.
Schools of fish show up a blotches on the screen.
School of medicine is a graduate school
Most schools of medicine require at least a Bachelor of Arts degree of candidates seeking admission.
A school of nursing is a school
Schools of nursing differ greatly in their entrance requirements.
Every school of nursing has a pin unique to their school.
All schools of philosophy are necessary.
Many schools of psychology encourage people to get into their feelings.
A school of thought is a belief
All schools of thought are welcome.
Every school of thought carries with it a certain stance in regard to objectivity.
Some schools of thought suggest that neutering is inhumane.
School paper is a newspaper
School paper publishes editorial.
School papers love weeks too.
Many school papers sell much cheaper classified ads.
School phobia is social phobia
School phobia is social phobia.
School phobias hold many children back.
Most school phobia is worked out over time without psychological or psychiatric counseling.
School pictures are complete and went well.
School playgrounds are surrounded by brick walls.
School playgrounds are surrounded by walls.
School prayer follows naturally.
School prayer is a good example.
School prayer is an example.
School prayer is one key area addressed by the amendment.
School prayer is one such controversy.
School prayer is seen primarily as a wedge to bring religion, their true religion, into the schools.
School prayer makes a philosophic statement and symbols are important.
School prayer ought to be back already.
School prayer promotes religious intolerance rather than high morality.
School prayer strips that right away.
School pride fosters an atmosphere conducive to improvement as well as achievement.
School pride is evident throughout the campus.
School pride is the focus of our students and staff.
School principal is administrators.
School principal is an educator
School principal is workers.
School principals are busy interviewing candidates for open positions.
School principals are crucial elements to successful schools.
School principals are mean.
School principals are responsible for leading the accreditation process.
School principals are responsible for monitoring student access to the Internet.
School principals can also block tracking reform.
School principals determine the level of success.
School principals have a lot of clout in determining the tone of their individual schools.
School principals have information about the exemption process and can discuss the pros and cons.
School principals hear that remark all the time.
School principals provide information about school characteristics and resources.
School principals supervise all custodians except for members of the relief pool.
All school principals know about the plan and teachers understand the goal.
Every school principal is a resource to a child.
Many school principals send regular parent letters.
Some school principal manages operations.
Some school principals say the law is already working to cut back on smoking near campus.
School profiles are available for comparison purposes.
School profiles are free of charge.
School projects are available, alongside curriculum resources.
School projects are especially encouraged.
School projects are highlighted and individual action is encouraged.
School projects are welcome as are personal home pages.
School projects have first priorities.
School psychologist try to enhance student's performance and emotional development.
School psychologists apply the knowledge of psychology to the problems of education.
School psychologists are accountable for the integrity of their practice.
School psychologists are excellent resource persons for referral in the community.
School psychologists are key in helping with a task they have essentially been doing for years.
School Psychologists are members of the school multidisciplinary team.
School psychologists are part of the solution.
School psychologists are responsible for functional behavioral evaluations.
School psychologists are the mental health professionals in schools.
School psychologists can address issues of sexual orientation in inservice sessions as well.
School psychologists can also be a resource for families and community providers.
School psychologists fill a wide range of positions within the educational enterprise.
School psychologists have many responsibilities.
School psychologists have specialized training in both psychology and education.
School psychologists have unique opportunities to talk with parents about discipline.
School psychologists help develop behavior plans for students having problems at school.
School psychologists maintain full responsibility for any technological services used.
School psychologists maintain the highest level of professional and ethical competence.
School psychologists play a key role within educational settings.
School psychologists practice with a master's degree.
School psychologists promote emotional well-being and effective learning experiences.
School Psychologists promote open communication between the child's home and school.
School psychologists provide a wide variety of services, evaluation and diagnosis of children.
School Psychologists provide both indirect and direct services to students and families.
School psychologists provide testing and psychometric information as needed.
School psychologists recognize schools as a crucial context for development.
School psychologists tailor their services to the particular needs of each child and each situation.
School psychologists treat social and learning problems of school children.
School psychologists understand school systems, effective teaching and successful learning.
School psychologists understand school systems, effective teaching, and successful learning.
School Psychologists vary in the degree of training and the nature of the evaluations performed.
School psychologists work directly with public and private schools.
School psychologists work in a variety of school settings.
School psychologists work to develop effective interventions in a collaborative relationship.
Some school psychologists work in private practice.
School psychology continues to be a rapidly growing profession.
School psychology involves a lot of testing.
School psychology is a small cog in the wheel of education.
School psychology is grounded in both psychology and education.
School psychology is one of the oldest areas of applied psychology.
School reform demands major concessions from teachers.
School reform is a catch phrase that includes a number of programs and policies.
School reform is a focus throughout the planned prevention and early intervention projects.
School reform is a freight train moving down the track.
School reform is a hot topic.
School reform is a slow process, but it is almost impossible without teacher involvement.
School reform is an international phenomenon.
School reform is based on an assumption.
School reform is comprehensive.
School reform is much too important to be made a hostage in the culture wars.
School reform is no exception.
School reform is nothing new.
School reform means new initiatives and grant funds to improve teaching the arts.
School reform means teachers have more training days.
School reform needs effective lobbyists far more than volunteers.
School reform needs skilled change agents.
School reform occurs at all levels of the educational system.
School reform requires a willingness to learn, to alter old practices, and to act in new ways.
School reforms come and go, but the success of any reform depends on teachers themselves.
School rules apply at dances.
School rules apply on all school property, on school buses, and school bus stops.
School rules apply when drugs or alcohol are used in connection with any school-related event.
School rules apply.
School rules are in effect while on the grounds and during the ceremony.
School rules can only reinforce what is learned at home.
School rules change slightly in the summer.
School rules emphasize safety and courtesy in the classroom and on the grounds.
School rules regarding harassment apply to electronic communication.
School rules regarding swearing, vulgarities, and offensive language apply.
All school rules apply at dances.
All school rules apply at the bowling alley.
All school rules apply at the dance.
All school rules apply during a field trip.
All school rules apply in any music-related activity.
All school rules apply in the library.
All school rules apply on field trips.
All school rules apply on the way to and from school.
All school rules apply to the parking lot.
All school rules apply unless otherwise noted in the student handbook.
All school rules apply when on the bus in addition to the following rules.
All school rules apply when riding in the cab.
All school rules apply when riding the cab.
All school rules apply.
All school rules are applicable and in force during dances.
All school rules are in effect at after-school activities.
All school rules are in effect at all times.
All school rules are in effect at camp.
All school rules are in effect during school dances.
All school rules are in effect during the school- sponsored field trip.
All school rules are in effect for the duration of the activity.
All school rules are in effect in the library.
All school rules are in effect on any trip with the band before, during, and after school.
All school rules are in effect when students are on school vans and school-chartered buses.
All school rules are in effect.
All school rules are in force during Academic Enrichment Week.
All school rules are in place.
All school rules are to be followed at all times.
All school rules continue in the after-school program and are enforced at all times.
All school rules remain in effect during summer school.
School security is a complex array of factors deliberately designed to control the facility.
School security is an issue that continues to be on everyone's mind.
School security is critical, complex and costly.
School security is part of the implicit contract between teachers and parents.
School shootings are another example.
School shootings are beyond rare.
School shootings are down.
School shootings are like plane crashes, rare but riveting for the primitive fears they evoke.
School shootings are no longer front page news by the decade's end.
School shootings are rare, but highly publicized.
School shootings are the severest warning signs imaginable for our culture.
School shootings are up.
School shootings are very rare in Saudi Arabia, a strict Muslim country with a low crime rate.
School shootings are, after all, to teachers and staff workplace violence.
School shootings attract media attention because they are so tragic and rare.
School shootings have high profile, but occur infrequently.
School shootings increase, along with road rage and assorted other rages.
School shootings raise questions about humanity.
School shootings remain rare.
School shootings show a generational communication gap.
School songs are to be sung while the team is in the dressing room for final instructions.
School spirit can mean more than showing up for athletic events.
School spirit comes within our team.
School spirit has a lot to do with football games.
School spirit is a big no no.
School spirit is a big part of the swim meets.
School spirit is an important part of any high school.
School spirit is an integral aspect of our program.
School spirit is embodied by our student-initiated clubs, teams, dances, and other activities.
School spirit is enhanced by cheering on the home team.
School spirit is high and students display enthusiasm toward learning.
School spirit is important and it brings people together.
School spirit is often too well associated with sports.
School spirit is surprisingly strong for a private school.
School spirit is the most important aspect of being a college cheerleader.
School spirit means loyalty to all functions of the school.
School spirit mixes with athletic competition to create a fall tradition that is uniquely American.
School sport is particularly important.
School sports are a lot like life.
School sports are probably the biggest flaw in our education system.
School sports are very popular during their appropriate seasons.
School sports can teach children about the importance of physical exercise and hard work.
School sports draw together students of diverse backgrounds to compete with and against one another.
School sports promote the notion that a winning attitude is more important than winning trophies.
School sports provide entertainment.
School staff create environments.
School staff create healthy environments.
School strike is over.
School students are both a captive audience and a key component of the youth populations.
School students demonstrate exceptional talent.
School students demonstrate talent.
School students experience energy.
School students may have knowledge.
School students may have little knowledge.
School students to complete activities.
School students to develop skills.
School students use the center daily after school.
School students work in a highly competitive environment.
All school students deal with the issue of transportation every day.
Most school students demonstrate exceptional talent.
Most school students demonstrate talent.
Some school students become engineers.
Some school students enter services.
Some school students have concepts.
Some school students have grasp concepts.
Some school students lose pounds.
Some school students understand concepts.
Some school students use prisms.
Some school students work in departments.
Some school students work in laboratories.
A school superintendent is a superintendent
School superintendents say they have given much time and effort to enhancing safety programs.
Most school superintendents admit to a love - hate relationship with their foundations.
School supplies are also available for students and parents.
School supplies are also welcome too.
School supplies are always in short supply.
School supplies are available for children of families meeting income guidelines.
School supplies are available to students and faculty at moderate prices.
School supplies are expensive.
School supplies are extremely hard to come by in the mountain areas.
School supplies are hard to come buy.
School supplies are on sale right now, which is a good reason to stock up anyway.
School supplies drive.
School supplies including paper, pencils, notebooks, and backpacks are welcome donations.
School supplies provide Bosnian children with much more than just paper to write on, however.
A school system is an establishment
School systems appear to be waking up to the important role played by teacher training.
School systems are a vital factor.
School systems are another setting for practice.
School systems are establishments.
School systems are often able to identify sponsors who whill purchase the adolescent booklets.
School systems are often divisive.
School systems are part of infrastructures.
School systems are public and private.
School systems are still largely paper-based organizations with little technology.
School systems are strapped for funding across multiple programs.
School systems are strapped for money and time.
School systems are the only entities permitted to submit grant proposals.
School systems are the second largest employer of occupational therapists.
School systems are ultimately responsible.
School systems bear the principal responsibility for educating youngsters, of course.
School systems can also access our applicant database to search for prospective candidates.
School systems can also arrange for the courses to be offered on-site at a local school.
School systems can post their lunch menus as well.
School systems can simply replace lax administrators.
School systems create healthy respect for diversity and differences.
School systems face difficult, stressful issues everyday.
School systems have little choice if they are to meet the future pro-actively.
School systems have local flexibility to decide how funds are expended.
School systems have technology plans.
School systems have the authority, county commissions appropriate the money.
School systems have the obligation to foster effective civic action.
School systems have the power to make choices, and to make good choices at that.
School systems qualify.
School systems review the resumes and select candidates to interview.
School systems seem to have more trouble dealing with gifted students in grade and middle school.
School systems seem to think so.
School systems support their teachers' efforts throughout the academic year.
School systems use a variety of indicators to judge school success.
All school systems have requirements concerning the minimumal acceptable system for donation.
Every school system needs a comprehensive accountability system.
Many school systems have a list of such interpreters which is kept in the central office.
Many school systems have wetland sites used to educate students.
Many school systems have, or have access to an optical scanner as part of their testing program.
Many school systems offer affordable continuing education for adults.
Many school systems provide applications for teachers.
Many school systems provide for the transportation of preschool children.
Many school systems provide special tutoring assistance.
Many school systems report uniforms help to reduce discipline problems.
Most school systems are no more capable than the family of supporting young gay men and lesbians.
Most school systems base a teacher's work day around a student's day.
Most school systems buy technology rather than solutions to problems.
Most school systems derive some or all of their revenue from real-estate taxation.
Most school systems do that in Washington area.
Most school systems exist as places for adult employment and adult political play.
Most school systems have an intermediate level of school - junior high school or middle school.
Most school systems operate under a tight athletic budget.
Most school systems possess a range of technological skill, equipment, and readiness.
Most school systems purchase in bulk from the company that gives the best bid.
Most school systems try to provide safety measures based largely on how much they can afford.
Some school systems expel kids from the regular school to a special school for problem kids.
Some school systems have no difficulty recruiting bus personnel.
Some school systems have specific questions for references to respond to.
Some school systems have very comprehensive curriculums on the subject.
Some school systems hire aides whom they pay minimum wage and offer no benefits.
Some school systems offer small groups for children during the day or after school.
Some school systems require the background checks for all employees.
Some school systems spend more than others to operate their educational programs.
A school teacher is a teacher
School teacher is obsessed with web design.
School teachers are a great resource for teachers.
School teachers are far more common than holistic healers.
School teachers are films.
School teachers are like that.
School teachers are one of our most important professionals and among the least compensated.
School teachers are teachers.
School teachers are workers.
School teachers assume partial responsibility for learning at the schools.
School teachers can also use trails and the areas through which they pass as outdoor classrooms.
School teachers can use the learning guides right in the museum as the educational aids.
School teachers create innovative lessons to address the issue.
School teachers have breaks.
School teachers have degrees.
School teachers have influence with the public because every parent has children at school.
School teachers have to earn so many annual credits in order to maintain their licenses.
School teachers have to tell elementary school kids to turn off their phones in class.
School teachers help students.
School teachers introduce ideas.
School teachers live in houses.
School teachers say the district fares well when it comes to school safety.
School teachers see students.
School teachers skip economic aspects when teaching history or politics.
School teachers specializing in speech correction likewise find a recording service invaluable.
School teachers struggle to understand.
School teachers teach students.
School teachers travel on railroads at half price.
School teachers wait for raises.
School teachers work hard and help shape our future.
School teachers work in private schools.
School teachers work in schools.
School teachers work largely in isolation from their peers.
School teachers work years.
Many school teachers enjoy working here during the summer.
Most school teachers have degrees.
Most school teachers help students.
Most school teachers introduce ideas.
Most school teachers live in houses.
Most school teachers see students.
Most school teachers teach students.
Most school teachers work in private schools.
Most school teachers work in schools.
Most school teachers work years.
Some school teachers build small units for making compost for classroom demonstration.
Some school teachers calculate size.
Some school teachers have workers.
Some school teachers specialize in subjects.
Some school teachers work with education teachers.
Some school teachers work with special education teachers.
Some school teachers work with teachers.
A school term is a term
School term dates .
School textbooks are a mess.
School textbooks keep promoting the idea that asteroids are usually one big rock.
Many school textbooks teach that homosexuality is a legitimate alternative lifestyle.
School ties are blue and white.
School transitions create new adjustment problems for adolescents.
School transport is provided for students both from the city and some of the surrounding villages.
School transportation is a privilege.
School transportation is considered one of the safest forms of transportation in the United States.
School trips are available to many other regional cities and destinations.
School trustees are the largest group of publicly elected officials in the state.
School trustees make the difference on setting the school in the right direction.
School trustees say they hope to find a way to make both sides happy.
School trustees serve three-year terms.
School uniform is compulsory.
School uniform is to be worn by supporters.
School uniform is worn by all main school pupils.
School uniforms are also acceptable.
School uniforms are an unnecessary and counterproductive addition to education and development.
School uniforms are cool only when the collar is open.
School uniforms are optional, but are largely supported by the student population.
School uniforms are the standard throughout Japan.
School uniforms are to be worn at all times while in school.
School uniforms are uniforms.
School uniforms are usually less expensive than the clothes students typically wear to school.
School uniforms be compulsory.
School uniforms can have economical benefits for parents most of the time.
School uniforms can help.
School uniforms create a strong sense of school pride .
School uniforms solve many problems schools are facing today.
Most school uniforms require a tie and they are quite expensive.
School vacation is about to start, and the daylight allows for softball games way past supper.
School violence affects every aspect of a child's life.
School violence brings the overwhelming logic of school choice into clear focus.
School violence can happen again, and it can happen anywhere.
School violence involves more than guns, knives, and gangs.
School violence involving girls is also of concern.
School violence is a big problem in our society.
School violence is a chief concern today.
School violence is a community issue.
School violence is a gauge of the regional crime situation.
School violence is a huge issue.
School violence is a part of a larger societal problem.
School violence is a reflection of an increasingly violent society.
School violence is a serious issue, with several hundred thousand incidents each year.
School violence is a sign of the times.
School violence is a social issue.
School violence is also of particular concern.
School violence is at an all time high because of a lack of discipline.
School violence is at an all-time peak.
School violence is concentrated in large urban schools.
School violence is down.
School violence is incompatible with the educational mission.
School violence is less often physical abuse.
School violence is of grave concern to parents, school officials, and teachers.
School violence is on the increase .
School violence is out of control.
School violence is preventable.
School violence is systemic and stretches beyond the schoolyard.
School violence is the primary safety issue.
School violence starts at home.
All school violence begins with bullying.
School vouchers are a hot issue, and there is much more legal wrangling to follow.
School vouchers are a step in the direction of that choice.
School vouchers are a threat to our public school system.
School vouchers are also part of the program.
School vouchers are an excellent idea.
School vouchers are an important and contested public policy issue.
School vouchers are controversial.
School vouchers are good educational policy.
School vouchers are no substitute.
School vouchers are one means to that end.
School vouchers are one of the more prominent, and controversial, proposals on the table.
School vouchers are part of a larger debate about inequities between rich and poor schools.
School vouchers benefit the rich.
School vouchers can indeed improve student achievement.
School vouchers challenge that hegemony.
School vouchers forget it.
School Vouchers Get Two Breaks .
School vouchers have a certain appeal, which has little to do with improving a child's education.
School vouchers have a proven track record of success.
School vouchers make a big difference for black students.
School vouchers represent a radical way of funding public education.
School vouchers seem like a good idea.
School vouchers seem like a way for the state to more equitably distribute educational funds.
School vouchers seem to have more lives than a movie vampire.
School vouchers sounds like a good idea.
School vouchers take money from a public school and give it to a private or religious one.
School vouchers violate the Constitution s separation between church and state.
School vouchers work for kids and their parents.
School website continues to inform the wider school community.
School websites are as individual and unique as the schools themselves.
School websites share information with the community and world beyond.
School work becomes a problem.
School work becomes more interesting and enjoyable, results improve, and they have more friends.
School work calls.
School work is also a priority, but so outside work.
School work is designed to help kids to achieve, to excel, and to prepare for adult life.
School work is done efficiently and with a happy heart.
School work is late at night, like after midnight.
School work is too difficult.
School work is, of course, one of a wide range of educational influences on young people.
School work seems harder and more complex.
School work starts to suffer and grades fall.
All school work is due today.
School yard crazes, holiday projects, odd balls of wool, spent textas and colouring books.
School yards are often suitable habitat for bluebirds, with open fields and old woodlots.
Every school yard drains to a creek.
Most school yards consist of black topped areas with gravel fill in-between.
A school year is a year
School year ends.
School year follow up.
School year is based on a semester hour system.
School year opens with new racial admission policy in force at county magnet schools.
School years are a very important time for all children.
School years are divided into three terms.
School years are equal intervals.
School years are especially difficult and damaging for many boys.
School years are too long.
School years are years.
Every school year begins with a retreat for all faculty and students.
Every school year brings new challenges and endless opportunities.
Every school year finds staff changes at all locations.
Every school year is a kind of clean slate.
School zones are just one place where pedestrians and cars come into conflict.
School zones begin at the first posted sign and end as the vehicle passes the last opposing sign.
All school zones are current.
A school is an educational institution
School accepts fuel bids, rejects bus bid.
School acquires a context for life.
School adds a degree of normality to lives which, often, have been tragically disrupted.
School allows a child to discover the world and their place in it.
School already have.
School also lays the foundation for becoming an adult.
School also provides the service of match-making.
School are closed today however.
School are in a unique position to influence the emotional and social development of their students.
School are in truth a reflection of the community.
School are something different than philosophical affiliation.
School attributes such as country and region can also affect salaries.
School bans tag during recess.
School based community service programs offer the best means for such a grandiose scheme.
School based email addresses seem the most problematic.
School based health centers provide a full range of health and mental health services.
School based mobility is a profession focused on navigational disabilities.
School based programs are available year around.
School based supervision usually decreases to once per month in the late fall.
School Be attentive polite and obedient.
School be eff.
School becomes a place to send the kids during the day.
School becomes an exciting place to be.
School becomes beanExample.
School becomes lively, becomes life itself.
School becomes more democratical and more problems are found.
School begins after a summer break.
School begins and temperatures rise.
School begins at eight in the morning.
School begins at the bus stop and continues on the bus.
School begins for students.
School begins soon.
School begins with a familiarisation session after school.
School being closer to home for many children, so they can attend kindergarten.
School belongs at school.
School brings pencils, work sheets, measuring tape, surveyors tape, stakes, and cameras.
School builds faith.
School can also be hard sometimes.
School can also help to shape attitudes.
School can be a fun place to be and still educate.
School can be a great time of learning for our kids.
School can be a major healing environment as the child's most important routine.
School can be a place where that can be available.
School can be a very stressful experience both socially and academically.
School can be exciting and scary.
School can be fun or boring.
School can be fun.
School can be more difficult for a child with albinism because of their vision problems.
School can be plain frustrating sometimes.
School can be stressful at times.
School can be stressful when the workload is too much.
School can be very hard to deal with.
School can become a piece of home.
School can become boring so get into extracurricular activities to try and make things less boring.
School can certainly say that they have the best of two worlds.
School can decide what information is presented.
School can do a good job of teaching the physiology of sex.
School can feel overwhelming.
School can help families by supporting parents.
School can help with reservations if needed.
School can no longer be a war zone.
School can now go home to the parent - what a novel approach.
School can play an important part in developing a sense of spirituality in young people.
School Can Wait .
School Can Wait.
School CAN wait.
School canteens sell food and drink at lunchtimes.
School certifies the application.
School certifies the student's eligibility, which includes enrollment on at least a half-time basis.
School chooses new head.
School claims to give students knowledge needed to become successful professionally.
School climates range on a conceptual continuum that extends from open to closed climates.
School closes at end of day for vacation.
School closes at noon.
School closes on major holidays.
School comes before modeling and acting.
School comes first .
School comes first for the young magician.
School comes first, and basketball has to come next.
School comes first, work comes no higher than second.
School comes first.
School concludes today at half day.
School conducts systematic health and safety issues training for staff.
School conducts triennial every three years.
School consists of an open, little shed by the waterside.
School continues and so do the things that go along with school.
School continues to be one of the safest places for a child to be.
School continues up here.
School continues with such practices as children get older.
School costs more.
School costs The cost of post-secondary education is climbing.
School covers all costs including transportation if necessary.
School crazes come and go.
School demonstrates commitment to technology through an ongoing line item in school budget.
School determines terms and length of plans.
School develops a long term strategy for community involvement.
School directories worldwide.
School discusses modified plan.
School Dismissed Please remember that attendance is very important.
School dismisses sex ed.
School districts all over the county have a stake in decisions like the hate crime prevention grant.
School does a job no other institution does.
School does certain things well, but there's more learning to do.
School does have counselors to help the kids.
School does none of the above.
School does pay off.
School doesnt really determine anything.
School drills children like soldiers, under the pretence that they are learning things of value.
School driveway is on left.
School drop out rate.
School drop out rates have risen and some families can no longer afford education or transport.
School earns points to be redeemed for technology products.
School emphasizes strong moral atmosphere along with high academic standards.
School ends at midday and the boys take up their positions behind buildings near the intersection.
School ends for the year at noon.
School ends in three weeks.
School ends with the boys playing a prank on the schoolmaster in front of the whole village.
School ensures that penalties for violations are applied uniformly, fairly, and consistently.
School faces action over trip ban on diabetic .
School facts Interesting facts about the school.
School features a art program and their drama department has a spring play.
School features a computer lab and internet access in every classroom.
School features a full-automated library.
School features a jazz band, marching band, and chorus.
School features a large parking lot.
School features a school for softball and soccer.
School features a snack bar.
School features a track, a couple baseball fields, a soccer field, and some tennis courts.
School features modern computers and workstations.
School focuses on basic strokes and maneuvers.
School follows, along with an afternoon exercise period.
School forms a large part of a young person's experience.
School get papers free through sponsors or at reduced prices.
School gets much harder in high school.
School gets out hours before most parents with day jobs get home.
School gets routine.
School gets worse.
School gives children a sense of stability and much-needed routine during times of crisis.
School gives good benefits.
School goes finely now.
School graduates to have a better understanding of the world of globalization.
School graduates with better knowledge of our history, culture and economic way of life.
School grounds The grounds around schools can provide an excellent place for children to learn.
School happens around the kitchen table or in a carpenter's shop that dad fixed up in the basement.
School has a comprehensive student assistance program.
School has a computer lab in the library and a computer in each classrooom.
School has a good alarm system.
School has a media center where computers are available for students to use.
School has a refrigerator and a microwave.
School has a rhythm and flow, just as children and teachers do.
School has a science fair.
School has a strong past but uncertain future.
School has a turquoise roof and is on the left.
School has a well-developed system for providing course materials to distance learning students.
School has accreditation for matriculation.
School has day and boarding pupils.
School has full time rabbi and director.
School has no departments.
School has program for adults to earn their high school diploma.
School has the same importance to a child's life that a job has to an adult's.
School has to be about more than reading, writing and arithmetic.
School has to come first.
School has to stay away from consumerism.
School has too many rules.
School helps Chinese parents, children learn heritage.
School helps with set-up costs.
School here is different than in America.
School here is different than the states.
School here is the same as any other school.
School holds a lot of social challenges for everyone.
School implies a set time and set learning.
School imposes a natural social atmosphere, encouraging interaction and adjustment to new friends.
School includes classroom time, tutoring, and individualized programs of study.
School includes teachers and administrators.
School installs phones in student rooms.
School is . . .
School is a bad time for writing poetry.
School is a battleground for many teachers and students.
School is a big building, bigger than the whole of French, and filled with lots of children.
School is a big white building.
School is a bridge for many.
School is a building that has four walls - with tomorrow inside.
School is a building that has four walls- with tomorrow inside.
School is a building with four walls and tomorrow inside.
School is a bunch of crap.
School is a change agent - and the specific focus is on changing people.
School is a child's most important job.
School is a child's society.
School is a child's work, school is a child's life.
School is a child's work.
School is a continual experience in dealing with various people.
School is a continuing education institution.
School is a couple blocks ahead on the left.
School is a couple blocks on left.
School is a danger zone.
School is a disaster.
School is a fantasy land of make-believe.
School is a few blocks on the left.
School is a first step, a preparation for the ongoing challenge of the future.
School is a five-minute walk.
School is a good part too.
School is a good place for the gifted child to make friends and develop social skills.
School is a good word to truncate- school, schools, schoolroom, etc.
School is a great lark, and a wonderfully sane way to escape for a few years .
School is a great place for meeting large numbers of children.
School is a great place to eat breakfast.
School is a great place to go.
School is a great place to learn how to think and solve problems, though.
School is a half-mile on right.
School is a half-mile on the right.
School is a hassle.
School is a health hazard to teens.
School is a huge part of our childrens' lives.
School is a job in itself.
School is a little bit of a drag right now.
School is a lot more than classrooms and books.
School is a lot of fun.
School is a lot of hard work.
School is a luxury.
School is a memorable experience of challenging, fun and actively engaging learning opportunities.
School is a microcosm of the adult world.
School is a mile or so down on the left.
School is a natural and enjoyable experience.
School is a network for people learning together.
School is a never ending nightmare.
School is a new place, a place to begin to grow, discover, and learn.
School is a notable example of an area that has been slow to change.
School is a particularly important environment for creating awareness about child rights.
School is a pedagogic unity that demands intensive cooperation amongst teachers.
School is a perfect example.
School is a place for cultural education.
School is a place for healthy children.
School is a place for learning or ideas.
School is a place for students to learn.
School is a place of learning.
School is a place where all constituencies work in harmony receiving all necessary supports.
School is a place where children are educated.
School is a place where children want to come every day.
School is a place where each and every individual has value and worth.
School is a place where everyone comes together for learning.
School is a place where kids feel safe.
School is a place where one educates oneself.
School is a place where people can take time to discuss and understand the truth.
School is a place where people learn.
School is a place where responsibility and work ethic are key to success.
School is a place where students have a sense of hope and can excel.
School is a place where they are loved and nurtured from the moment they walk through the doors.
School is a place where they meet their friends and muck about.
School is a place.
School is a powerful influence on the building, and sometimes the breaking of student's egos.
School is a privilege , and everything that pertains to it is a privilege.
School is a punishment visited on children for having been born ignorant.
School is a quarter-mile on the left.
School is a reality.
School is a rite of passage into the society of adult life.
School is a sacred place, just like family and church.
School is a safe place for children to learn the consequences of their actions.
School is a short distance on the left hand side.
School is a short way on the right.
School is a social environment.
School is a staple in the lives of the majority of America's youth.
School is a strange and new place for a child.
School is a substitute for everyday life, and childhood a rehearsal for personhood.
School is a time of wonder, and curiosity.
School is a very challenging setting.
School is a very hard place to really be an individual.
School is a very important part of their lives.
School is a very safe place to be.
School is a very special rural elementary school located in south central Nebraska.
School is a walk of nearly two miles.
School is a waste of time.
School is a whole different thing.
School is a wonderful thing here.
School is a world of absolutes.
School is able to get the bill out timely, but it can take some time to get financial aid.
School is about a mile on the right.
School is about a twenty minute walk.
School is about connections with and for children.
School is about learning but it is also about meeting friends.
School is about learning.
School is about life.
School is about mile on the right.
School is about one mile ahead on left.
School is about one-half mile north on the right.
School is about the atmosphere.
School is about three blocks down.
School is about three blocks on the left.
School is about to open and with it comes the barrage of extra curricular activities.
School is about to open.
School is about to start back up in a few weeks.
School is about to start for another year.
School is about two miles on left.
School is accustomed to each individual after such consultations.
School is across intersection.
School is across the intersection on right.
School is across the street.
School is actually in the way of their learning and growth.
School is ahead on right, parking is before school.
School is all review until then.
School is all right for little boys.
School is almost out and summer is just around the corner.
School is almost out for the summer.
School is almost out, and our first year is almost over.
School is almost out.
School is almost over and it is time to start thinking about next year.
School is almost over for the year.
School is almost over, but the past few weeks have been the busiest time of the semester.
School is almost over.
School is also a little world unto itself.
School is also a lot different.
School is also a vital part of our life.
School is also in session so kids are out playing.
School is also very different.
School is always a priority.
School is an artificial construct to socialize individuals into a group identity.
School is an attempt by the leaders to take the last step towards global domination.
School is an important component in each of our resident s lives.
School is an institution and a cultural ideal.
School is an institution built on the axiom that learning is the result of teaching.
School is an irrelevancy.
School is an overall learning environment for employees and students.
School is analyzed annually.
School is another mile up the road.
School is app.
School is approx.
School is approximately a quarter mile on the right.
School is approximately half mile from intersection on right.
School is approximately one mile on the left.
School is approximately two miles on the right.
School is as different as night from day since vision therapy began.
School is at bottom of hill - go left.
School is at bottom of ramp.
School is at capacity.
School is at dead end.
School is at east edge of town on right.
School is at East edge of town on right.
School is at end of road.
School is at end of street.
School is at end.
School is at intersection of Blue Island and Roosevelt.
School is at the end of Mineral Spring Drive.
School is at the end of the street.
School is at the top of the hill on the right.
School is at the top of the hill.
School is at top of hill on left.
School is at top of hill.
School is awesome, things are good kids, things are so good.
School is back and the dealers are busy.
School is back in and a whole new year has already begun.
School is back in normal operation.
School is back in session and for the most part, summer vacations are over.
School is back in Session and so are Prayers for Peace in the Middle East.
School is back in session and the campus is abuzz with students in search of knowledge.
School is back in session and the vacations are over.
School is back in session everywhere and fall is nipping at the heels of summer.
School is back in session for many kids.
School is back in session for the year.
School is back in session, and for some, the nightly homework battles have started again.
School is back in session, and with it renewed discussion about drugging hyperactive children.
School is back in session.
School is back in swing and Real Life takes precidence.
School is back on and so are the issues of overcrowding and busing.
School is Bad for Children.
School is based on disciplined academics and outstanding extra-curricular activities.
School is begun.
School is behind church.
School is behind service station.
School is bias and going nuts trying to keep with the standard testings and getting funds.
School is big and unfun.
School is boring, the teachers are dull.
School is boring.
School is both expensive for the city and for our parents.
School is canceled for the day, All kids are out to play.
School is cancelled for our students so that the incoming students have the building to themselves.
School is cancelled Paved Roads Only plan.
School is central to the rehabilitative process.
School is child abuse.
School is children's work.
School is close to shops and facilities and within walking distance of the beach.
School is closed.
School is combined with church and a small public library.
School is compulsory and free up to the highschool level.
School is compulsory for all children who have attained age five until age sixteen.
School is compulsory in Prussia.
School is compulsory.
School is considered a second home.
School is considered last on the priority list instead of first.
School is cool in every way.
School is cool.
School is dead .
School is dead.
School is defined to included private and parochial choices.
School is different, so often they have a specific goal in mind or a specific answer.
School is directly ahead on the left.
School is dismissed for the year.
School is done for the day.
School is done for the semester.
School is down on left.
School is down on the right.
School is down the hill on the right.
School is down the street on the left.
School is dumb.
School is easier here.
School is easy and hard.
School is enough for a person to have to handle.
School is essentially an unsafe place for gifted children to be.
School is everything.
School is evil.
School is fascist.
School is fast approaching, and supplies are limited in the reservation schools.
School is finally out for the summer.
School is finally over.
School is fine, life is fine.
School is flexible.
School is for learning academics, period.
School is for learning, work is for production.
School is for learning.
School is for teaching a secular curriculum including reading, writing and arithmetic.
School is for what young people do when no one is looking.
School is free through high school, university is heavily subsidised but still expensive.
School is full of such artificial practices.
School is full.
School is fun in Alaska.
School is fun.
School is generally also the first time that children experience formal disciplinary procedures.
School is generally boring.
School is good and they each had a great soccer season.
School is good.
School is grateful for the support of local communities.
School is great for the basics and traditional cooking methods, making things from scratch.
School is great.
School is half a block on left.
School is half a block on the right.
School is halfway down the block on left.
School is hard work, and great principals demand that their students work hard.
School is hard work.
School is hard, being an adult in college is hard.
School is hard.
School is harder in Russia compared to America.
School is hectic.
School is held each weekday year-round.
School is hell, but before long, the family stands, cheers, whoops, shouts.
School is here . . .
School is Here.
School is hidden in the hollow on the right.
School is immediately on left.
School is immediately on right.
School is immediately on the left side.
School is immediately on the left.
School is immediately on the right.
School is important to the student's mind.
School is important today when modern civilization is getting vicariously spread all over the world.
School is important, family is important, relationships, philosophizing are all part of their lives.
School is important, for sure.
School is important.
School is in back.
School is in farmland on the side of a seasonal lake surrounded by three volcanoes.
School is in full swing and it is time to get our youth group in full gear.
School is in full swing.
School is in now session.
School is in Ontario, Canada.
School is in session . . . .
School is in session and the first week has gone into history.
School is in session as scheduled.
School is in session five days a week, for almost the entire calendar year.
School is in session for full days during the above listed tests.
School is in session here.
School is in session in the building, but there is extensive smoke damage.
School is in session on rainy days.
School is in session once again.
School is in session, and lunch is being servered.
School is in session, but teenagers walk from store to store.
School is in session, homework abounds, and another winter of fireplaces and books is ahead.
School is in session, please drive carefully.
School is in session.
School is in the loop.
School is in the middle of the next block, on the left-hand side of the street.
School is in the process of putting magnetic card locks on the recreation room.
School is in town, for fields go past church and turn right.
School is in, which means homework, early mornings and exams.
School is in.
School is independent.
School is interesting.
School is invoiced upon signing of contract.
School is just ahead on right.
School is just ahead on the right.
School is just ahead.
School is just another setting for change, which is the only constant in nature, in life.
School is just around the corner.
School is just like every aspect of a child's life.
School is just on the left before ending town.
School is just over a mile up the road.
School is just past fire station on left.
School is just so damn time consuming.
School is just so hard.
School is kind of hard, but it's fun, too.
School is left next to the prison.
School is less than a mile on the right.
School is life itself.
School is life, they say.
School is life.
School is like a marathon.
School is like a mouse in a wheel.
School is like a never-ending road.
School is like life in that way.
School is located ahead.
School is located at second intersection.
School is located at the top of the hill.
School is located behind the housing development.
School is located in a former coffee plantation.
School is located in Chicago.
School is located in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
School is located in the building.
School is located in the heart of downtown in a beautifull colonial building.
School is located in the heart of downtown.
School is located in the historic center close to the train station and all other facilities.
School is located in the historic center close to train station and all facilities.
School is located in the middle of Cincinnati, a large city with many fun things to do.
School is located in Vancouver, Washington.
School is located next to a housing development project.
School is located on a protected private lake with an on-site dormitory.
School is located on east side of road.
School is located on left.
School is located on right hand side.
School is located on right.
School is located on the left.
School is located on the right, approx.
School is located on the right.
School is located on the Right.
School is located one mile on the left.
School is long.
School is lots of fun.
School is maybe seven hours long.
School is mile down on the right.
School is mile on right.
School is mile on the right.
School is mile.
School is more different now then one, or two generations ago.
School is more important than forensics.
School is more important than money.
School is more rigorous here than in Europe.
School is more than a facility for learning.
School is more than academics for teenagers, it's a social setting where acceptance is important.
School is more than going to classes.
School is much harder now.
School is much more than simply about learning book stuff.
School is nearly over.
School is neat and clean.
School is never out for the person who sincerely desires to succeed.
School is never out for the pro.
School is no different.
School is no exception.
School is no help, either.
School is no longer a factor and there is far less to worry about.
School is no longer about fun and learning and making friends.
School is no longer an enjoyable experience.
School is no longer exciting.
School is no longer half and half.
School is no place for jewellery, except wristwatches or stud earrings one per ear.
School is now a haunted house, with rats and a ghost.
School is now compulsory for all children, and the quality of the education is fast ameliorating.
School is now in full swing.
School is now in session.
School is now over.
School is off to a good start.
School is off to a great start.
School is ok so far.
School is okay, but homework is very, very, very boring.
School is old times and old biases.
School is on a continuous year-round program and credits are issues twice each year.
School is on a mountain stream.
School is on bus line.
School is on corner.
School is on far side of oval.
School is on hill.
School is on immediate right.
School is on left .
School is on left approx.
School is on left hand corner.
School is on left hand side.
School is on left just past second light.
School is on left on a hill.
School is on left past first house.
School is on left side of road.
School is on left side.
School is on left with parking in front.
School is on left, gym is in back.
School is on left.
School is on North side of the road.
School is on northwest corner.
School is on quarter system.
School is on Right .
School is on right about four miles.
School is on right about one and one-half miles.
School is on right after playing fields.
School is on right after the turn.
School is on right at top of hill.
School is on right corner.
School is on right hand side.
School is on right several miles after the turn.
School is on right side of road.
School is on right side with parking in front.
School is on right side.
School is on right.
School is on Right.
School is on road behind church, stadium behind school.
School is on south side of street.
School is on that street.
School is on the campus and held during regular school hours.
School is on the corner.
School is on the left about a mile down the road.
School is on the left and field is behind the school.
School is on the left and the gym is around the back.
School is on the left hand side in the middle of the block.
School is on the left hand side.
School is on the left in about a mile.
School is on the left just before D.C. line.
School is on the left just passed Lake of the Pines.
School is on the left side of the road.
School is on the left side.
School is on the left via outer road.
School is on the left, approx.
School is on the left, the wrestling room is upstairs above the locker room.
School is on the left.
School is on the night.
School is on the north.
School is on the right about one and one-half miles.
School is on the right across from the small airport.
School is on the right and fields are behind the school.
School is on the right and marked with signs.
School is on the right and police station is on the left, way back in woods.
School is on the right approx.
School is on the right approximately one mile.
School is on the right at first stoplight.
School is on the right at second light.
School is on the right at the base of the hill.
School is on the right at the top of the hill before the first traffic light.
School is on the right corner.
School is on the right hand side.
School is on the right in the middle of the block.
School is on the right opposite the cemetery.
School is on the right past the blinking yellow light.
School is on the right side of the road.
School is on the right side.
School is on the right with the field in the back.
School is on the right, enter doors on North side of building.
School is on the right, just north of the middle school.
School is on the right.
School is on the Right.
School is on the right-hand side of the street.
School is on the same property.
School is on the SE corner.
School is on the south side of the street.
School is on the west side of the road.
School is on the west side on the street.
School is on the west side.
School is on top of the hill on the left.
School is on top of the hill.
School is one block down on right.
School is one block on right.
School is one block on the left.
School is one block on the left-turn left and park in back by the stadium.
School is one block south of Main.
School is one half mile on left.
School is one kind of social group.
School is one mile ahead on left.
School is one mile down road.
School is one mile on left.
School is one mile on right.
School is one mile on the left.
School is one mile on the right.
School is one mile west of the light, on the right.
School is one-half block down street.
School is only a staring point.
School is only accessible by excruciatingly slow buses.
School is only one place to look for enrichment activities.
School is only one place where they ve known trouble.
School is only the first classroom in a lifetime of learning.
School is open - please Drive Carefully and courteously.
School is open .
School is open nine months of the year.
School is open, please use special caution when driving in the area of schools and playgrounds.
School is open, which is great, and an added bonus is that soccer season's here.
School is opposite park.
School is our for the day.
School is out already, but the parents' trouble is just beginning.
School is out and life begins to slow down a bit.
School is out and our children are enjoying playing in the community.
School is out and students throughout the country are ready for their two month vacation.
School is out and summer is here.
School is out and the day is over.
School is out and the kids are getting bored.
School Is Out appears on the following albums.
School is out at noon.
School is out for everyone else but the daily trek to the practice sessions continue.
School is out for lunch.
School is out for summer, and times are good.
School is out for summer.
School is out for the day.
School is out for the duration.
School is out for the summer, and religious education classes have concluded for another year.
School is out for the summer.
School is out for the year.
School is out in couple of weeks.
School is out on days marked with red.
School is out, and so are all the kids.
School is out, and the kids are happy to have summer vacation.
School is out, and three girls head to the beach for vacation.
School is out, but the fear is setting in.
School is out, but the real work has just begun.
School is out, no one hears.
School is out, the water's warm, and the surf is on the rise.
School is out.
School Is Out.
School is over at noon.
School is over for the day.
School is over for the semester.
School is over in ten days.
School is over now.
School is over really soon.
School is over the freeway on the left.
School is over, and the days are ruled by the waves.
School is over, but learning never stops.
School is over, summer camp begins, and visions of vacations dance in our heads.
School is over, summer's here.
School is over.
School is perceived as a chore.
School is preparation for life.
School is probably a third.
School is probably more important than grades.
School is probably one of the few things that has improved over the years.
School is probably the nearest modem equivalent to the ancient initiation rites.
School is proud of having a pool of excellent teachers who keep standard high.
School is public, child care is private.
School is quarter mile on right.
School is quite a joke most of the time.
School is quite interesting.
School is rather busy.
School is really fun.
School is really stressful.
School is really tough - failed the last two history tests, and really struggling with chemistry.
School is really tough, but it is really fun at the same time.
School is responsible for the collection and payment of the tax.
School is right after the firehouse.
School is right around the corner.
School is safe and central to the community.
School is scary.
School is school trips are trips, good.
School is school, home is home.
School is school, life is life.
School is school,life is different lot of people say.
School is school.
School is second.
School is seen as a privilege , and everything that pertains to it is a privilege.
School is set back on the east side of the road.
School is several miles ahead on left.
School is short distance down on right.
School is short distance on right from off-ramp.
School is simply a basis for learning.
School is six hours long.
School is small, talk is big.
School is so boring.
School is so fun in Wisconsin.
School is so intense.
School is so much fun, more fun than Japan.
School is so tiresome and boring.
School is something that has been here since the beginning of time.
School is something to do between parties.
School is soon back in session for all levels of education.
School is started - hopefully things are running smoothly and a new routine is in place.
School is still among the safest places for a child to be.
School is still here.
School is still the safest place for a child to be.
School is still the safest place in America for children to be.
School is still very important to people here.
School is still very interesting.
School is still wonderful.
School is straight ahead at stop sign.
School is straight ahead on the left.
School is straight ahead one block.
School is straight ahead, park at rear of school where field is.
School is straight ahead.
School is stressful enough as it is without students having to worry about our safety.
School is stressful.
School is strong stuff, and it can be scary or boring.
School is stupid.
School is such a giant step.
School is such an important part of a child's world.
School is sucks - the best schoolworks search engine.
School is supposed to be teaching our kids how to read and write.
School is supposed to be what every young mother looks forward to.
School is suspended.
School is taught be certified teachers.
School is taught nine months.
School is the cause of stress.
School is the choice.
School is the common denominator, every child has one.
School is the community for kids.
School is the first left.
School is the foundation to a career in law enforcement.
School is the key.
School is the lifework of most children and adolescents.
School is the logical place to reverse the trend.
School is the main event in the lives of our children.
School is the most important institution of learning for formal education.
School is the only chance they've got.
School is the only place beyond the family where integrated services can be provided.
School is the only place they get fed.
School is the other major category accounting for more negative and positive emotions.
School is the perfect environment to think about and practice good citizenship.
School is the place to learn the technique of wearing and dancing in pointe shoes.
School is the place where most children face social situations for the first time.
School is the primary agency for teaching about politics and government.
School is the safest place during the day.
School is the setting that initiates the fireworks of that film.
School is the starting point only.
School is the tool to open up the world.
School is the training ground for life.
School is the way to get that.
School is their job, their livelihood, their identity.
School is their job.
School is their main job.
School is third driveway on the right.
School is thought to be relevant only in a particular phase of life.
School is three blocks down on right.
School is three miles on right.
School is three miles on the right.
School is tiny vacation.
School is to a large extent compulsory, adding coercion to the set of false values.
School is to the right.
School is too hard atm.
School is too important.
School is totally wheel chair accessible including playground facilities.
School is tough, but it has it's bright spots too.
School is tough.
School is two block on right.
School is two blocks ahead on the right.
School is two blocks down on the left.
School is two blocks on the left.
School is two blocks on the right.
School is two or three blocks.
School is under construction.
School is up the block on right side.
School is up the hill on the Right.
School is up the hill.
School is used as a filter to identify and train the future holders of power.
School is usually a very dangerous place for children.
School is very challenging.
School is very demanding and homework takes a good part of their afterschool routine.
School is very different.
School is very important both academically and socially.
School is very important for the children.
School is very important.
School is very informative on the subject matter.
School is very rigorous and tedious.
School is viewed as day-care.
School is visible to the right from the intersection near the convenience store.
School is wealth.
School is west of the intersection.
School is where children spend a large portion of their time.
School is where children spend the most vital times of their lives.
School is where kids stay connected, make friends, and succeed.
School is where many children get their first tastes of failure and inadequacy.
School is within a three minute drive.
School is, however, a reflection of society, itself.
School is, of course, the best place to start learning about personal finance.
School isa institution.
School just costs a lot of money.
School just gets too busy.
School just sucks.
School lands how sold.
School Learn about our school , our people and recently published pupils' work.
School lets out quite early in the afternoon.
School lets out.
School libraries Special libraries, etc.
School likes to concentrate on 'difficult' words, such as paralysis, perpetual and resolute.
School limits the amount of job hours.
School lives a time of tension between the innovation and the maintenance of the status quo.
School looks at potential human health consequences of global environmental change.
School looks great.
School looks like it did last year . . .
School looks too little like life, and assessment looks too much like school.
School loses battle to keep quotas.
School loses the tuition revenue from withdrawn student.
School lunches for students while at the center are provided by the School District.
School Make up math problems involving the flat visitor's visit.
School makes children look at history as times without proper government .
School makes hotel reservations upon request.
School makes pupils memorize 'facts' and recite times tables.
School means a grouping of practitioners as defined by their professional degree.
School means back to routine and back to studies.
School means opportunities for learning and making friends.
School means the Nevada youth training center.
School measures a student's mastery of a prefabricated curriculum on a standardized scale.
School meets four days a week, and offers a morning and afternoon session.
School naturally take advantage of the cultural resources that abound.
School necessarily teaches competition and obedience, instead of co-operation. .
School needs cover school supplies, clothing for physical education and some incidentals.
School needs more text books, fewer computers, letter grades, longer school year.
School needs to be a place where kids have security and love.
School needs to be a safe haven for all children.
School needs to be more enjoyable.
School needs to clarify expectations for a hands on or delegating dean.
School needs to level out socio-economic backgrounds.
School needs to patrol in hallways.
School normally starts just as summer is winding down.
School notes The links below are a mix of official and unofficial sites.
School now entails a weapons check each morning, and the students are just as crude and nasty.
School observes Jewish calendar.
School offers a chance for children to develop as well-rounded human beings.
School offers a schedule and lifestyle conducive to staying out late, partying and meeting people.
School offers a two year program as well as workshops for advanced and beginners.
School offers an extended day to our students only.
School offers courses in visual, literary, performing arts.
School offers customized degree programs.
School offers evening courses in English, German, French, Finnish and other modern languages.
School offers every student something.
School offers no respite for the children.
School offers programs for people interested in becoming dog trainers.
School only prepares students to answer questions posed by others.
School only takes place on weekdays, and during the daylight hours.
School opens earlier in Switzerland, so the summer vacation is shorter.
School opens for all children.
School opens in three days.
School opens smoothly with largest student population in years.
School opens up a new world to children beyond the closeness of family.
School opens up so many opportunities for most aspiring students.
School operates on Southern Hemisphere schedule - students have the winter off to compete.
School owns a cloudforest preserve and research station in Ecuador, South America.
School owns computers and software.
School owns router.
School plans next to wire kindergarten classes.
School plays a very important role in our life.
School plays an important role in our socialization.
School plays There are two full scale productions each year.
School portrays history as a chain of events in which people are butchered to death.
School prefers to hire a coach who is also an educator.
School prepares children for the job market.
School prepares for opening of lab.
School presents history as a sequence of battles between dictators.
School prevents development of the right hemisphere of the brain.
School produces anxiety because people are too concerned about grades.
School proves to be challenging.
School provide an insight into the changes which took place.
School provides a caring, encouraging environment.
School provides a central, easily accessed place for the displaying and checking out the materials.
School provides a foundation for a lifetime of learning.
School provides a project-based, experiential learning environment.
School provides ADSL internet connection to meet our foreign teacher's email and internet needs.
School provides an important environment for overall developmental success.
School provides authorized signatures.
School provides clear rules and consequences.
School provides computer purchasing plan.
School provides education to teenage children in Vancouver BC, Canada.
School provides evaluation at no cost to student.
School provides increased educational opportunities.
School provides information sometimes contradicting our beliefs.
School provides opportunities for parent education around safety issues.
School provides rifles, ammunition and all basic equipment.
School provides student transportation during the program for field trips away from the camp.
School provides supervised programs for children before and after school.
School provides training to elements of the armed forces.
School receives funds and credts borrower's account.
School receives funds through a rebate system based on the participants phone bill.
School receives funds weekly.
School receives loan funds.
School receives national accreditation.
School receives needed funds based on the number of paks sold.
School receives registration numbers.
School records Including diplomas and evidence of any education or training.
School related files are the only files to be saved on accounts.
School remains in session today.
School remains in session.
School reports for Richmond area and surrounding Richmond school reports or information.
School reports via hardcopy or on-line access.
School requires that children work together on many projects and teams and that they do their share.
School requires two years of college for entrance.
School reserves the right to alter or change the curriculum as needed.
School resumes after spring vacation.
School resumes after winter vacation.
School resumes four weeks later.
School ridicules self-learning and improvisation.
School ritualizes patriotism and nationalism.
School rules about health and safety, basic emergency aid procedures and where to get help.
School runs in two shifts.
School s back in session.
School s great.
School s important.
School s out and lots of people get to stay home from work.
School s out for summer.
School s out now in our normal, American school.
School s out.
School s over.
School scores high, crime low.
School seems more demanding, teachers more caring.
School seems nothing more than a waste of time.
School seems to be an endless sea of learning.
School seems to get busier each week.
School selects young people more or less in students, apprentices and in jobless people.
School send off for our state bound softball team.
School serves a large geographic area encompassing approx.
School serves Pre-kindergarten and fourth and fifth grade.
School sets that up.
School settles lawsuit-student can wear pentagram.
School shows for elementary students.
School Shows For groups by reservation only.
School signals the beginning of important responsibilities for children.
School simply is .
School somehow neutralizes some people.
School sorts as well as teaches.
School sounds Ask students to record the sounds.
School spends little time on concrete tasks because the ultimate goal is the abstract.
School spreads alcohol policy to wine sips in Paris.
School start time.
School starting times vary greatly.
School starts a little later and they have a few hours to play with their new toys.
School starts again next week.
School starts again tomorrow.
School starts again.
School starts and all is going well.
School starts and children leave one more year behind.
School starts at half-past eight.
School starts at nine o'clock.
School starts at one o'clock.
School starts at quarter past eight.
School starts back tomorrow.
School starts for everyone within a couple of weeks.
School Starts in . . .
School starts in a little more than a week.
School starts in a week.
School starts in just a few days, but first comes the summer basketball league championship.
School starts in the morning with prayers held in the main classroom.
School starts in two days.
School starts next week.
School starts so early, it's almost impossible to concentrate.
School starts soon, and after that comes the shoulder season.
School starts soon.
School starts the same time all year.
School starts today.
School starts tommorow.
School starts tomorrow, and things are gearing up for the fall.
School starts tomorrow.
School starts up again next month and so, by tradition, does a new business season.
School starts with introductions and orientation day.
School starts, workdays return to normal patterns and regular work weeks.
School still sucks, still broke, what else is new heheheheh.
School still sucks.
School sucks, takes up too much time.
School supports strong music, art, outdoor education and international studies.
School systematically maintains computerized records on student policy violations.
School takes a lot of energy.
School takes a lot of time away from it too.
School takes precedence over everything except family time.
School takes time.
School takes up a big chunk of a kid's time, and homework takes hours more.
School takes way too much time.
School teaches home-sewers patternmaking, sewing and tailoring.
School teaches that war is the way to settle arguments.
School then continues to midday when there is an hour break for some sort of exercise.
School there is really hard.
School too begins with chanting.
School translates information and materials for families into other languages.
School trips a specialty.
School Trips to Northern Thailand est.
School use a variety of means to raise funds locally to augment their budgets.
School uses an interdisciplinary, thematic design.
School visits One of the main tasks of an inspector's work is taken up by visiting schools.
School visits TAS lecturers offer presentations to teachers on a special topics.
School wants to be recognized - pressure to do whatever it takes to get scores up.
School wants to contact with other schools all over the world.
School wins state accreditation for award of high school diploma.
School wishes to compete as school club to end of term.
School wishes to compete as school club to the end of the school term.
Schools accept advertising revenue through soft drink contracts and cable television broadcasts.
Schools act to diffuse opposition to their policies.
Schools adapt the program to their own curriculum.
Schools add new information on a regular basis, so be sure to visit our school sites often.
Schools add space to meet mandate on teacher-student ratios.
Schools address issues.
Schools administer monthly quizzes on the words and give prizes to the highest scorers.
Schools administer the test to groups or individuals at their convenience.
Schools admit students as they go along.
Schools admit they have been feeding their students' minds but neglecting their souls .
Schools adopt rules.
Schools Aggressively recruit minority teacher education graduates from Oregon and other states.
Schools agree to the responsibilities listed and to meeting the technical requirements of the grant.
Schools aim to keep bilingual programs.
Schools allow students of similar ages to interact with one another as they develop.
Schools already attempt to implement programs to improve test scores.
Schools already can immediately suspend or expel students who bring weapons to school.
Schools already filter significantly.
Schools already have an education technology specialist in place - the library media specialist.
Schools already have an established recycling procedure for handling cafeteria waste.
Schools already have the data.
Schools already have the right to implement parental notification for life-threatening situations.
Schools already have the right to search vehicles on their property.
Schools already have their own participation council.
Schools already teach about religion without violating the law.
Schools already teach science.
Schools also add to the policy debate on the use of new technologies in education.
Schools also are excellent sources for part-time employees.
Schools also attempt to plug staffing gaps in other ways.
Schools also benefit from an exceptional teacher to student ratio.
Schools also benefit greatly by utilizing internship programs.
Schools also buy using internal fund purchase orders.
Schools also can be part of that combination.
Schools also can gain access to correspondence in their systems.
Schools also can get immediate feedback the way restaurants do by offering a customer comment card.
Schools also can nominate one individual each year for associate fellow status.
Schools also can show they have a history of expanding opportunities for female sports programst.
Schools also communicate expectations in the way they are structured and organized.
Schools also complete a variety of checklists and questionnaires each year to document progress.
Schools also continue to use state and locally mandated achievement tests.
Schools also decide for themselves which text books and other teaching materials to use.
Schools also differ as to the level of degree program offered.
Schools also differ by more than just type.
Schools also find it a useful resource for author studies and other classroom projects.
Schools also find it useful in arranging sporting and other meetings.
Schools also find the year book a very useful teaching tool.
Schools also generate significant quantities of white and mixed paper and cardboard.
Schools also have a large role in teaching our children how to lead a healthy lifestyle.
Schools also have a unique resource here.
Schools also have access to community tools to post homework assignments and other information.
Schools also have the necessary computers to enter warehouse orders on-line.
Schools also have the option of using additional staff consisting of teacher aides and volunteers.
Schools also have their own unique cultures.
Schools also have to offer students more opportunity to be responsible for their own learning.
Schools also help shape the culture, or to be more accurate, they have the potential to shape it.
Schools also help with branch training and provide discounted gear.
Schools also hope to stop meandering eyes with more hands-on learning.
Schools also integrate the use of computers through center time.
Schools also lead innovation and technology.
Schools also look for diversity.
Schools also lose players to injury.
Schools also maintain paper records of attendance and other student files.
Schools also offer extra English language classes after school and during vacations.
Schools also offer financial aid in the form of grants, loans, and work-study programs.
Schools also offer free summer English classes to foreign-language students and their parents.
Schools also offer Internet access.
Schools also pay a yearly renewal fee.
Schools also provide a setting where gender patterns can be practised and consolidated.
Schools also provide drug education through initiatives affecting the entire school. .
Schools also provide excellent opportunities to talk with property users, present and future.
Schools also purchase software for distribution on a server on a network.
Schools also purchase their own subscriptions.
Schools also receive a certificate of excellence and an award ribbon.
Schools also receive additional positions depending on the needs of the individual school.
Schools also receive an activity page to send home with the children.
Schools also report a decline in school vandalism.
Schools also report better participation by parents.
Schools also report the percent of students who receive free and reduced cost meals.
Schools also seek a presence on the Internet.
Schools also show children videos or film strips concerning safety issues.
Schools also showcase some of their interesting and unique educational programs.
Schools also use computers as tools for the storage and retrieval of information.
Schools also use e-mail and voice mail for communicating with parents.
Schools also use subtle means to get information they want from students.
Schools also use the theatre for graduations and other special occasions.
Schools also use the Web to direct people to the more traditional sources of information.
Schools also vary on the amount of water and matcha .
Schools also welcome parents onto the campus.
Schools also welcome parents' participation as temporary teachers.
Schools appear to be awash in hardware and money.
Schools appear to be no more progressive than corporate America.
Schools appear to be playing an important role in equalizing access to computers for kids.
Schools appear to be the perfect environment for the application of such bad science.
Schools apply for a rebate via CLiCS for purchasing the approved commercial products.
Schools apply in the summer term.
Schools applying near the deadlines can expect longer turnaround times.
Schools appoint co-op coordinators who support and coordinate student participation.
Schools Are . . .
Schools are a breeding ground for bullying, often upperclass bullying.
Schools are a critical component in getting Canada on-line.
Schools are a good place to start looking for child care.
Schools are a good place to start.
Schools are a great way of communicating.
Schools are a higher priority than prisons.
Schools are a highly important part of the education system.
Schools are a hot topic when shopping for a new home.
Schools are a huge issue.
Schools are a key intervention channel for influencing healthier behaviors in a positive way.
Schools are a major building block in growing communities.
Schools are a major market for food.
Schools are a microcosm of society.
Schools are a natural focal point, since they are convenient and accessible.
Schools are a part of our community, and they ultimately reflect what is going on in our community.
Schools are a particular area of concern in all communities.
Schools are a place of learning and a place of socialization.
Schools are a place where children are ready to learn and the environment also focus's on safety.
Schools are a potentially powerful force to help insecure teens develop emotional security.
Schools are a primary and a valuable resource to prepare students for success.
Schools are a product of economic, social, and values structures.
Schools are a public function which requires public responsibility.
Schools are a reflection of society.
Schools are a reflection of the community.
Schools are a reflection of their communities.
Schools are a reflection of what's going on in society.
Schools are a source of diversity for Baltimore students.
Schools are a source of pride.
Schools are a stimulating learning environment for children and initiate change.
Schools are a top priority for homebuyers.
Schools are a top priority for the county and a tremendous asset in economic development.
Schools are a trustworthy or safe place for children.
Schools are a valuable environmental resource which can also affect the psychological resource.
Schools are a vital part of the community and are respnsible for managing the minds of our children.
Schools are able to access a variety of resources from parents.
Schools are able to access the service by both the education network and dial in.
Schools are able to choose six peer institutions from which to receive specific comparative data.
Schools are able to communicate through e-mail around the globe.
Schools are able to incorporate new initiatives without forcing collateral changes.
Schools are able to introduce more diversity in their school timetables.
Schools are able to run frequencies, create cross tabs, and read comments.
Schools are about learning.
Schools are about student achievement.
Schools are absolutely critical in the value of a piece of real estate.
Schools are accessible by school district names.
Schools are accountable directly to their community.
Schools are accountable to the community.
Schools are accountable to the entire community.
Schools are accountable to the public.
Schools are actually churches.
Schools are already over capacity.
Schools are also a good location for voter registration.
Schools are also a source of a range of useful resources.
Schools are also able to borrow smaller exhibitions as teachings aids.
Schools are also an important avenue for getting the message of the heritage across to parents.
Schools are also an important part of living in South Sacramento.
Schools are also closed.
Schools are also free to ignore the guidelines in awarding music and athletic scholarships.
Schools are also important boundary-maintenance institutions.
Schools are also important venues for enhancing wider community connectedness.
Schools are also slow to respond to the communication revolution.
Schools are also the target of lawsuits.
Schools are also to get a guide to grammar.
Schools are also very important agencies of socialization.
Schools are also wary of incurring large phone bills.
Schools are also welcome as members.
Schools are also welcome to add their contact information to the list.
Schools are also, outside of the family, often the first community to which our children belong.
Schools are always a factor.
Schools are always eager for parents to become involved in school activities.
Schools are always good for locations to keep costs down.
Schools are always interested in competitive events students can participate in.
Schools are always interested in having guest speakers.
Schools are among the best in ihe city and community organizations help the underprivileged.
Schools are among the safest places to be in our communities.
Schools are an artificial construct.
Schools are an ideal forum for unions to become involved with young people.
Schools are an important indicator of the well- being of a democratic society.
Schools are an important indicator of the well-being of our democratic society.
Schools are an important part of any move, adding value to a home and to the quality of life.
Schools are an important part of Cedar Rapids economic and social fabric.
Schools are an important part of every community.
Schools are an inappropriate venue for a medical procedure.
Schools are an integral part of the neighborhood they are located in.
Schools are an opportunity.
Schools are animal groups.
Schools are another front where growth clashes are frequent.
Schools are another possibility.
Schools are another problem.
Schools are another story.
Schools are anxious to get their classrooms on the Internet and are rushing to connectivity.
Schools are as boastful of powerful network infrastructures as of celebrity professors.
Schools are as much a part of the infrastructure to a community as roads, water, and sewer lines.
Schools are at a crucial crossroads.
Schools are at different places with different needs.
Schools are at risk from radon just as homes are.
Schools are at the centre of the learning society and life-long learning begins there.
Schools are at the discretion as to how to best utilize each tutor.
Schools are at the forefront of any effort to shape the future.
Schools are available in every community and illiteracy is very rare.
Schools are aware of bullying and are always looking for ways to reduce or eliminate it.
Schools are back in session.
Schools are bad in spite of good intentions.
Schools are bad.
Schools are barometers of change.
Schools are basic elements in rural and small communities.
Schools are battle zones.
Schools are better because of the parents, teachers and students.
Schools are better.
Schools are big business, and apparently, so is school reform.
Schools are bodies.
Schools are buildings.
Schools are busy places and most personnel already have great demands placed upon their time.
Schools are busy places where extra pairs of hands and eyes are greatly needed.
Schools are but one of the places and ways in which learning occurs.
Schools are by their nature social institutions.
Schools are c onveniently listed alphbetically by country.
Schools are cafeterias of knowledge and personalities.
Schools are calmer all day.
Schools are catholic schools.
Schools are centres of their community, an important part of each community s life.
Schools are chaotic, dangerous places.
Schools are clean, safe and accessible.
Schools are clean.
Schools are cleaner.
Schools are closed and the public bus system is running a skeleton service.
Schools are closed for the summer.
Schools are closed in Pamlico County.
Schools are closed today in the Virgin Islands.
Schools are closed, along with other state and local government agencies.
Schools are closed, and classes are held in tents, without desks or chairs.
Schools are closed, and frequent bombings keep everyone close to home.
Schools are closed, as are medical clinics.
Schools are closed, banks are closed, public offices are closed.
Schools are closed.
Schools are co-educational day schools, unless otherwise indicated beside the grades offered.
Schools are co-educational.
Schools are committed to equity and access to quality education for every student.
Schools are community assets, central to community learning and development.
Schools are community assets.
Schools are competitive.
Schools are complex cultures that generally defy one-dimensional answers.
Schools are complex institutions.
Schools are complex places.
Schools are concerned that the vacancy rate often masks the true position.
Schools are crowded and communities are constrained in providing adequate public services.
Schools are crowded and public utilities are under great stress.
Schools are crowded.
Schools are crude, and libraries nonexistent.
Schools are cultural organizations.
Schools are cultures in both senses of the term.
Schools are current in computer technology including fiber optic cabling networks.
Schools are currently responsible for students from home to school and from school to home.
Schools are deathtraps.
Schools are deceptively simple places.
Schools are desperate for caring, qualified math majors.
Schools are different now than they used to be.
Schools are different, areas are different and children's needs are different.
Schools are dismal failures.
Schools are dynamic and fluid institutions which serve a critical role in society.
Schools are education.
Schools are educational institutions.
Schools are educational organizations.
Schools are educational resources for parents as well as children .
Schools are educational resources for parents as well as children.
Schools are eligible to apply.
Schools are eligible.
Schools are embedded with culture.
Schools are especially favored targets.
Schools are especially welcome.
Schools are essential for the health and well being of a community.
Schools are even more irrelevant.
Schools are everywhere.
Schools are excellent and are highly recognized throughout the state and region.
Schools are excellent and childcare facilities are relatively plentiful.
Schools are excellent and child-care facilities are relatively plentiful.
Schools are excellent and nearby to residents.
Schools are excellent and there are two universities within two hours' driving distance.
Schools are excellent.
Schools are Exceptional .
Schools are excited about the program.
Schools are exempt from pre-paying their first order.
Schools are expensive.
Schools are extractive in many rural communities.
Schools are extremely important to the way children grow up.
Schools are extremely strict about the uniforms.
Schools are famous and are popular locally for their superiority in sports more than anything else.
Schools are first and foremost social institutions.
Schools are first class and first priority.
Schools are for academics.
Schools are for all children, no matter what religion.
Schools are for all townspeople.
Schools are for children.
Schools are for educating, and all children are entitled to an equal learning opportunity.
Schools are for education.
Schools are for filling minds with knowledge.
Schools are for learning and teaching the basic skills and creative and critical thinking processes.
Schools are for learning math and reading and history.
Schools are for learning.
Schools are free of alcohol, drugs, tobacco and weapons.
Schools are free of health and safety hazards and are well-maintained.
Schools are free to adopt any procedure in order to nominate students.
Schools are free to develop their own modules within an agreed framework and subject to approval.
Schools are free to hire each other's faculty members as well.
Schools are free to join our discussion.
Schools are free to load and copy the software as their needs dictate.
Schools are free to make additional copies as needed.
Schools are free to schedule their testing for blocks of time within the window set by the state.
Schools are free to spend that money on training days for their teachers if they wish to do so.
Schools are free to teach about religious beliefs.
Schools are free to use the money just about any way they want.
Schools are free to work with any partner they identify, and more than one partner if they choose.
Schools are free, but there are too few schools in the villages to make a dent on illiteracy.
Schools are free-standing policymaking bodies.
Schools are frenetic places.
Schools are frightened of creating controversy.
Schools are generally about first thoughts of a special kind.
Schools are generally eager for community support and have multiple ways to involve volunteers.
Schools are generally on limited budgets, so they often have to make do with older hardware.
Schools are gigantic, expensive, and impersonal.
Schools are good.
Schools are grateful for the help.
Schools are hard pressed to instill a dose of traditional school loyalty.
Schools are hard to find, even on the Internet, and the trained nanny, at whatever level, is rare.
Schools are hard-pressed just to pay for a bus and driver to get kids streamside.
Schools are hard-pressed to redeem children of absentee mothers and fathers.
Schools are heavily overcrowded.
Schools are here to teach kids how to be human.
Schools are highly complex organisms, making cause and effect difficult to isolate.
Schools are hubs of community involvement and learning.
Schools are immensely busy places, full of teachers doing difficult work under trying circumstances.
Schools are important partners for computer community centers.
Schools are important, of course.
Schools are important, with or without school age children.
Schools are important.
Schools are in a bind.
Schools are in a divisional structure based on size, geography and other pertinent factors.
Schools are in a state of disrepair with leaky roofs and flooded classrooms during the rainy season.
Schools are in a terrible state of decay.
Schools are in alphabetic order.
Schools are in different places with regards to action planning.
Schools are in disarray.
Schools are in double sessions.
Schools are in existence to train soldiers.
Schools are in recess and it freed up milk for manufacturing.
Schools are in session for five days a week.
Schools are in session.
Schools are in some ways the most resistant institutions in our society when it comes to change.
Schools are in such a bad shape here that many seem open to new ideas.
Schools are in the business of educating students.
Schools are in the business of preparing youth to be productive adults in tomorrow's world.
Schools are in the business of providing an education to the public.
Schools are in the midst of massive rebuilding and renovation projects.
Schools are in town.
Schools are increasingly aware of the necessity for computer literacy in education.
Schools are institutions that emphasize conformity and compliance.
Schools are institutions.
Schools are interested in awarding high school credit prior to the time students enter ninth grade.
Schools are interested in environmental, language and relief projects.
Schools are interested in poise and behavior as well as what is said.
Schools are invaluable institutions.
Schools are islands even though they're physically connected.
Schools are just as new at figuring out ways to prevent school shootings as anyone else.
Schools are just very conservative, almost to the point of being paranoid.
Schools are knowledge work organizations.
Schools are least likely to have policies for training teachers to work with families.
Schools are legally responsible for the children in their care.
Schools are less likely to be punitive if the trip is for a good reason.
Schools are less likely to require or offer physical education classes.
Schools are life.
Schools are like a second home to many young people.
Schools are like families and the students are other people's children.
Schools are like families they all have a flavor or certain personality.
Schools are like holding a mirror up to society.
Schools are like other organizations.
Schools are like tortoises.
Schools are likely to stop automatic english testing.
Schools are likely to use it to blend into hamburgers and other fare.
Schools are limited to five composters.
Schools are located in backpacks.
Schools are located in cities.
Schools are located in classrooms.
Schools are located in communities.
Schools are located in crisises.
Schools are located in residential neighborhoods.
Schools are located in towns.
Schools are logical places to reach COAs.
Schools are merely an illustration.
Schools are mid-way through the most recent campaign to raise standards and student achievement.
Schools are minutes away, as is local shopping.
Schools are more accountable, and students are doing better than ever before.
Schools are more and more competing for the interest of learners.
Schools are more competitive.
Schools are more diverse ethnically, culturally, linguistically, experientially, etc.
Schools are more in number, and enrolment figures are of an exponential nature.
Schools are more into child-minding than into learning.
Schools are more problematic.
Schools are more than buildings.
Schools are more than happy to send information to prospective students.
Schools are more user friendly.
Schools are much the same way.
Schools are natural leadersl in the transition process.
Schools are necessary to the task of creating good children.
Schools are neighborhood ones, with no bussing.
Schools are neighbourhood gathering places.
Schools are neither day-care centers nor indoor street corners.
Schools are next to each other.
Schools are no different from businesses or government agencies in terms of needing to prepare.
Schools are no different from that.
Schools are no different.
Schools are no exception.
Schools are no longer bastions of discipline.
Schools are no longer safe.
Schools are no longer the hallowed halls of sacred public trust they used to be.
Schools are no longer the responsibility of a central government.
Schools are notorious for duplication and redundancy.
Schools are notorious vectors for computer viruses.
Schools are notoriously bad at public relations.
Schools are now able to pull parents more effectively into the education process.
Schools are now at different levels of readiness.
Schools are now just another market for advertising, as far as many companies are concerned.
Schools are now much more heavily guarded.
Schools are now places of terror for countless children.
Schools are now very much a flashpoint for unrest and dissatisfaction with the pace of growth.
Schools are now willing to tinker with their schedule in order to accommodate television networks.
Schools are number one.
Schools are numerous.
Schools are often a community's center.
Schools are often at increased risk because of budget limitations and maintenance deferral.
Schools are often concrete worlds without access to nature centers, gardens, and wild places.
Schools are often inherently ambivalent about volunteers from outside their own parent community.
Schools are often violent, chaotic, and depressing places for children to be.
Schools are on alert and for good reason.
Schools are on left.
Schools are on the front line to meet their needs.
Schools are on the front lines in managing what is becoming an increasingly more violent society.
Schools are on the giving as well as the receiving end of parent involvement.
Schools are one example.
Schools are one important method of the transmission.
Schools are one of our major resources and investments.
Schools are one of the most important building blocks of our neighborhoods.
Schools are one of the most important things to consider when buying a home.
Schools are one of the number one places to catch a cold, the flu, or a stomach virus.
Schools are one of the safest places for children.
Schools are one of the safest places for children-safer than the home, the mall, or the streets.
Schools are only as good as their teachers, and the profession needs to be strengthened.
Schools are open . . .
Schools are open and basic health services are available to most people.
Schools are open and flexible to change.
Schools are open and groups are looking for things to fill their calendars.
Schools are open for registration during regular hours.
Schools are open most of the summer to obtain transcripts.
Schools are open sheds with a blackboard, and even that costs a fee.
Schools are open throughout the summer to accommodate parents in the registration process.
Schools are open.
Schools are organizations.
Schools are our best hope to break the chains of racial isolation in our nation.
Schools are our main business.
Schools are our most effective method of teaching responsible driving.
Schools are out for a week and there are lots of parties and special events around the country.
Schools are out in most of the country.
Schools are out of control.
Schools are out of their depth.
Schools are out.
Schools are overcrowded and children are taught in classrooms in very poor condition.
Schools are overcrowded and facilities for special programs are inadequate.
Schools are overcrowded and ill equipped.
Schools are overcrowded to the point of having to build new schools because of all the illegals.
Schools are overcrowded, and violent gang activity increased.
Schools are overcrowded, medical facilities are strained, and other social services are overwhelmed.
Schools are overcrowded.
Schools are part of a community.
Schools are part of a larger community.
Schools are part of school systems.
Schools are part of the fabric that holds the community together.
Schools are part of the solution to the broader social problem of youth alienation.
Schools are particularly fortunate.
Schools are particularly interested in environmental, first peoples and social justice projects.
Schools are partners with the community.
Schools are people-intensive.
Schools are pivotal organizations in providing sexuality education.
Schools are places dominated by words, spoken and in print.
Schools are places filled with professionals who possess above all a love for children.
Schools are places of learning.
Schools are places where children learn.
Schools are places where kids are supposed to learn.
Schools are places.
Schools are plentiful through high school, including a few parochial schools.
Schools are positive and energizing.
Schools are potentially the great equalizer in our society.
Schools are powerful forces in children's development.
Schools are prepared to adopt the filters to comply.
Schools are primarily in Beijing, but are also in Hangzhou and other cities.
Schools are primarily used during the day - allow the homeless to have shelter during the night.
Schools are prime targets because of that.
Schools are prisons, to which children are sentenced by compulsory education and truancy laws.
Schools are probably the weak part of the neighborhood, if there is one.
Schools are progressive while at the same time dedicated to teaching basics in education.
Schools are quiet, classes are missed and teachingschedules suspended.
Schools are quieter, safer, and more efficient due to improved communication and response time.
Schools are quite bad in Hawaii.
Schools are rampant rumor mills.
Schools are reactive rather than proactive.
Schools are repressive, boring, terminally uncool places.
Schools are reputable, with diverse programs and a system geared to make learning accessible to all.
Schools are responsible for all transportation costs.
Schools are responsible for all transportation, food, supplies and materials costs.
Schools are responsible for any damage or mess resulting from their students.
Schools are responsible for carrying out the nomination process.
Schools are responsible for educating all the children within the district borders.
Schools are responsible for enforcing their established standards of progress.
Schools are responsible for giving make-up tests within a set window of time.
Schools are responsible for installation and downloading updates.
Schools are responsible for installing the network backbone to bring that access to every room.
Schools are responsible for keeping their groups at or below capacity.
Schools are responsible for maintaining the units in accordance with the systems user's manual.
Schools are responsible for maintaining their own balances for recruitment.
Schools are responsible for making necessary arrangements to secure their own buses.
Schools are responsible for meals and accommodation where applicable.
Schools are responsible for monitoring loan limits.
Schools are responsible for paying the nondiscount portion of their services.
Schools are responsible for postage.
Schools are responsible for procuring any of the referenced or sited materials.
Schools are responsible for providing a classroom teacher to act as course facilitator.
Schools are responsible for providing a healthful environment for all students and staff.
Schools are responsible for providing a modem, a computer and a telephoneconnection at their site.
Schools are responsible for providing children with a quality education.
Schools are responsible for providing computer hardware and Internet connections.
Schools are responsible for providing services during short-term absences of less than six weeks.
Schools are responsible for providing transportation to the shows.
Schools are responsible for running courses of study and in providing individual subjects.
Schools are responsible for scheduling interviews and distributing non-selection letters.
Schools are responsible for securing their own funds.
Schools are responsible for shipping and handling fees.
Schools are responsible for shipping fees.
Schools are responsible for spraying the helmets after use , if necessary.
Schools are responsible for supervision of school grounds.
Schools are responsible for the achievement of all students.
Schools are responsible for the behaviour of their parents and supporters.
Schools are responsible for the expenses of competitors participating in the state tournament.
Schools are responsible for the replacement of lost or damaged resources.
Schools are responsible for the return postage.
Schools are responsible for their own supervision of team and equipment.
Schools are responsible for their own transport to the tour site.
Schools are responsible to ensure their instructors are imparting accurate and current information.
Schools are responsible to pay sales tax to the State of Idaho.
Schools are role models for their communities.
Schools are safe and effective.
Schools are safe and inspiring places.
Schools are safe and more accountable.
Schools are safe and teacher satisfaction is high.
Schools are safe places for our kids.
Schools are safe, disciplined, and drug free.
Schools are safe, healthy and student-oriented.
Schools are safe, secure, and nurturing learning environments.
Schools are safe.
Schools are safer.
Schools are scarce.
Schools are schools are schools.
Schools are self-described and coverage varies.
Schools are sensitive to the amount of activity their students juggle.
Schools are set up to churn out soldiers and thoses loyal to the governments causes.
Schools are short on staff counselors because of hiring freeze.
Schools are simply less suited to innovation than most organizations, and they adapt more slowly.
Schools are sites of entrepreneurial activity able to harness needed resources for the reform.
Schools are slow to change, however, and a new learning environment is needed.
Schools are small enough to be personal, yet big in academic and extracurricular opportunities.
Schools are small.
Schools are so big now, kids pass through and nobody knows they're there.
Schools are so far behind they've become, in some sense, irrelevant.
Schools are so much a part of a community.
Schools are so overcrowded that students attend classes only four hours a day.
Schools are so-called very practical places.
Schools are society - a child's society.
Schools are sometimes a setting for laughter, as they are in real life.
Schools are standardized functions.
Schools are still a major focus of life here, particularly in Newport Hills.
Schools are still a safe environment.
Schools are still a safe place for our students.
Schools are still focused on the entrance exam to university.
Schools are still in use.
Schools are still one of the safest places for our children.
Schools are still open here.
Schools are still overcrowded despite construction.
Schools are still safe.
Schools are still the safest place for children to be.
Schools are still too big, too impersonal.
Schools are strong, safe, disciplined, and drug-free.
Schools are strong.
Schools are students employment.
Schools are stupid.
Schools are subject to financial audits and academic monitoring.
Schools are subject to severe budgetary constraints, and funding is limited.
Schools are subject to strict rules regarding scholarships.
Schools are successful when they have the support of parents and community.
Schools are such wonderful facilities to design.
Schools are systems.
Schools are terribly inconsistent in their approach to religious holidays.
Schools are terribly under-resourced, often lacking even books.
Schools are the appropriate centers of learning in the community.
Schools are the biggest group of members.
Schools are the building blocks of our communities and the futures of our children.
Schools are the center of our communities and can greatly support the needs of parents and citizens.
Schools are the centers of every vital and healthy community . . .
Schools are the cornerstones of our communities and they deserve our care and attention.
Schools are the crossroads and central convening point of the community.
Schools are the delivery sites for curriculum.
Schools are the epicenter of a child's life.
Schools are the focus of expertise in learning.
Schools are the focus of several initiatives aspiring to comprehensiveness.
Schools are the foundation on which further learning is constructed.
Schools are the fundamental piece of the community.
Schools are the future of the sport, and where real opportunities for new business exist.
Schools are the gateway to learning for America's students.
Schools are the glue that hold communities together.
Schools are the greatest resource of assistance that children have.
Schools are the hotbed for new talent in design, visualization and animation.
Schools are the indoctrination centers of the global citizen-global worker.
Schools are the largest consumer of the county budget.
Schools are the latest focal point in homosexuals' war to legitimize their lifestyle.
Schools are the launch pads for our children.
Schools are the life-blood of rural communities.
Schools are the main institution of socialization.
Schools are the most common forum for that kind of experience.
Schools are the most data-rich organizations in our society.
Schools are the most efficient means of caring for and educating as many kids as possible.
Schools are the most expensive public facility required by residential development.
Schools are the most familiar facilities for chil-dren to use.
Schools are the most underused public buildings anywhere.
Schools are the most valued, accessible and safe places in most communities.
Schools are the most visible public institutions in every neighborhood.
Schools are the only institutions in America in which striking another person is legally sanctioned.
Schools are the only places in which children are seen daily.
Schools are the perfect place to prepare teachers who are unsure and inexperienced with technology.
Schools are the places people go to for community events.
Schools are the predominant access point for applications.
Schools are the primary units.
Schools are the right places to meet needs for education and beyond.
Schools are the safest place for kids to be.
Schools are the safest place for students to be.
Schools are the same way.
Schools are the social and economic hubs of many rural towns.
Schools are the social organizations of the educational institution.
Schools are the souls of their communities.
Schools are the source of positive connections and academic and social growth.
Schools are the start point of the education.
Schools are the touchstone for our ideals and the repository for our dreams.
Schools are the units with budgetary responsibility for individual faculty members.
Schools are their own communities.
Schools are theoretically bilingual, but in practice Chinese dominates.
Schools are there to elevate a child's chances for success.
Schools are there to empower kids.
Schools are three knowledge generations behind reality.
Schools are time periods.
Schools are to accept students in the order of the lists.
Schools are to be free of alcohol and other drugs .
Schools are to be neutral with respect to religion.
Schools are to be strict, teach basic skills and respect for authority.
Schools are to build character as well as give information.
Schools are to choose a design, then have the designers provide technical assistance.
Schools are to decide on venues and confirmation of matches.
Schools are to distribute SARCs to students to take home.
Schools are to fill out a stockroom request and send it to the warehouse.
Schools are to have only one plan for improvement.
Schools are to loose with discipline.
Schools are to provide labels for the mailing.
Schools are to provide labels for the ninth grade mailing.
Schools are to publish their own results.
Schools are to receive PC's and internet connections.
Schools are to remain close indefinitely.
Schools are to set up administrative procedures to insure proper enforcement of the by-law.
Schools are to use the assessment system to compare their performance against prior years' results.
Schools are too big.
Schools are too few and often minimal.
Schools are too overcrowded to assist each child individually in learning.
Schools are try to adapt to an increasingly diverse student body.
Schools are two days each.
Schools are typically open about six months of the year.
Schools are unable to keep up with the rapid pace of change.
Schools are under enormous pressure to satisfy a variety of difficult and often conflicting demands.
Schools are under increased pressure to help students meet state-established academic standards.
Schools are under pressure to improve their ability to teach all children.
Schools are under pressure to perform or risk being placed on the state's list of failures.
Schools are under tremendous pressure to raise scores on standardized math and reading tests.
Schools are underfunded.
Schools Are Unequal, but Test Is Still Constitutional .
Schools are unique among U.S. institutions in their access to children.
Schools are unnatural, unhealthy places for children.
Schools are unquestionably better.
Schools are unsafe.
Schools are unwilling to allow more time for students to pay their fees.
Schools are used for children.
Schools are used for classes.
Schools are used for college students.
Schools are used for education.
Schools are used for exercising.
Schools are used for meetings.
Schools are used for playing games.
Schools are used for shelter.
Schools are used for studyings.
Schools are used for teaching students.
Schools are usually interior load-dominated buildings.
Schools are varied to fit local needs.
Schools are vast markets, warehouses for kids, and recreate unequal social conditions.
Schools are very competitive in their approaches to grading and teaching.
Schools are very different, some have very strict rules.
Schools are very efficient places.
Schools are very 'hot' at the moment on inclusion in mainstream.
Schools are very hungry for collaboration with other districts.
Schools are very important and linked to housing very closely.
Schools are very over-crowded.
Schools are very special places.
Schools are welcome at special rates.
Schools are welcome to adapt the policies for their own use.
Schools are welcome to add their programs to the database.
Schools are welcome to inquire about wholesale discounts.
Schools are welcome to plan field trips and the public is invited to attend.
Schools are welcome to plan field trips, and the public is invited to attend.
Schools are well equipped, playgrounds and gymnasiums are plentiful.
Schools are well maintained and in good repair.
Schools are well within their planning cycle but are being left up in the air.
Schools are where most of the drug problems exist.
Schools are where the children are, but schools have all they can do to improve educational results.
Schools are where the children are.
Schools are where the kids and their families are.
Schools are yesterday' solution to yesterday's problem.
Schools are, and always have been, locally controlled.
Schools are, by all accounts, the safest places children can be.
Schools are, of course, our largest item of public expense.
Schools are, statistically, among the safest places in America.
Schools are, without question, a place to teach tolerance.
Schools arrange daycare or tutor classes for younger children.
Schools ask parents to send first-graders on their own after a few trial runs.
Schools ask police to patrol the area around the school.
Schools assiduously keep moms and dads in the dark.
Schools assist in arranging housing.
Schools assume that every student has the potential to do something well.
Schools assume, or are assigned, many other responsibilities.
Schools attend our special programmes during term time.
Schools award the scholarships to students based on their own selection criteria.
Schools ban certain clothes, colors, styles, accessories.
Schools band together for volume discounts.
Schools become a community learning place even after the school day ends.
Schools become a resource and asset to be used by and for the whole community.
Schools become invisible when they engage students with real-life problems.
Schools become learning organizations that are constantly challenging themselves and developing.
Schools become learning organizations that continue to develop.
Schools become more agile and their future is better anticipated.
Schools become targets during war since the education of a country's children is so important.
Schools become true neighborhood and family centers.
Schools begin and end the school day at different times to accommodate bus routes.
Schools begin classes.
Schools begin producing secondary education teachers.
Schools begin using computers and desktop publishing to make their own yearbooks.
Schools being constructed already have a wait list for admissions.
Schools being public institutions serve as the game board for many issues.
Schools being public, the issue becomes quite complex.
Schools belong to the community.
Schools belong to the public and represent a large public investment.
Schools benefit because football creates a sense of school loyalty and pride.
Schools benefit because they operate during daylight hours, with little use after dark.
Schools benefit from a strong sense of community pride and support.
Schools benefit from cooperative programs which are cost effective.
Schools benefit from hassle free fundraising.
Schools benefit from having good information to develop and revise their improvement plans.
Schools benefit from networking with other schools adopting the same model.
Schools benefit from the help of individuals willing to share their knowledge and expertise.
Schools benefit in equal measure.
Schools benefit through development of ongoing comprehensive energy education.
Schools benefit when local tax dollars are spent locally, instead of being sent to Washington.
Schools blame parents for the problems, while parents blame the schools.
Schools bow heads in defiance.
Schools breed and nurture rumors like summer breeds and nurtures fireflies.
Schools bring in classes for reports and speeches about body art.
Schools bring their computers to our shop for repair.
Schools bring their own staff and promotional materials.
Schools build national reputations based upon their work at the conference.
Schools build national wealth by tearing down personal sovereignty, morality and family life.
Schools bulge with new students, affordable housing is hard to find and traffic is everywhere.
Schools buy class sets but private school students buy their own.
Schools buy everything from school buses to supplies.
Schools call daily asking for our early intervention services.
Schools call with occasional problems.
Schools can accept extenuating circumstances for minimum attendance for class credit.
Schools can access funds for construction, or to address fire and health safety concerns.
Schools can access Internet directly via a computer account on a networked computer.
Schools can act as parents' agents or as intermediaries in the notice and consent process.
Schools can act as their own web publisher.
Schools can act, too, by encouraging balanced meal choices and playground activities.
Schools can add new core items and adjust existing core items.
Schools can add the time any way they choose.
Schools can adopt healthy snack policies for elementary school celebrations.
Schools can adopt other security measures.
Schools can advertise their position openings and job seekers can post their resumes.
Schools can all begin recycling programs that are monitored by kids.
Schools can also assist families by providing interpreters, including sign language interpreters.
Schools can also benefit from choosing web-based solutions.
Schools can also benefit from timely dialogues with the police department.
Schools can also book special sessions for their own staff to come in together.
Schools can also boost prevention by considering what's in the vending machines they have on site.
Schools can also celebrate the secular aspects of the holidays.
Schools can also certify partial applications.
Schools can also continue to provide instructional programs through distance learning.
Schools can also control and customize essential school functions with digitalbackpack .
Schools can also customize categories on their pages.
Schools can also design their own program.
Schools can also do more to identify and recruit talented teachers.
Schools can also donate their older equipment to local social service organizations.
Schools can also enter it manually.
Schools can also find out what other schools are buying to meet different needs.
Schools can also get bonus commodities as they are available from surplus agricultural stocks.
Schools can also help each other.
Schools can also improve recruiting styles to avoid future disillusionment and attrition.
Schools can also institute violence prevention programs and zero tolerance policies.
Schools can also make arrangements to be billed following a visit.
Schools can also manage student debit accounts with the company's software.
Schools can also obtain a group profile of a particular class or group of students.
Schools can also offer courses.
Schools can also offer special sessions to acquaint parents with the school system.
Schools can also participate in a live weekly video conference.
Schools can also participate.
Schools can also play a critical part in fostering compassion.
Schools can also prepare teams to participate in a state-level mediation showcase.
Schools can also provide parents with a crash course in WWW basics during open house.
Schools can also put a banner ad on the website.
Schools can also receive a list of borrowers in default.
Schools can also receive one disk per year for a cheaper price.
Schools can also receive special item funding.
Schools can also reduce costs significantly by joining a school cluster.
Schools can also reduce distrust by arranging contacts in neutral settings off school grounds.
Schools can also reduce distrust by arranging contacts in neutral settings, off school grounds.
Schools can also register for the event through the website.
Schools can also request that the Internet be accessed only for school-related work.
Schools can also schedule birds of prey presentations.
Schools can also submit links to their own exhibitions.
Schools can also supply valuable information to juvenile justice agencies.
Schools can also win a software library and computer.
Schools can also win big cash awards.
Schools can also write their own senior maths courses.
Schools can always benefit from more participation.
Schools can always use such personal items as head lice shampoo, soap and also other hygiene items.
Schools can and do make important contributions to youth suicide prevention.
Schools can and do teach so much more.
Schools can appeal next month as well and there is at least one final appeal in the fall.
Schools can apply for small individual projects or a three year nature area project.
Schools can ask a trespasser to leave.
Schools can assist parents in promoting moral behavior.
Schools can be a key factor for initiating change.
Schools can be a large part of the solution.
Schools can be a place where parents take classes, perhaps to learn English.
Schools can be and often are registered without the knowledge or consent of school officials.
Schools can be both simply complex and complexly simple.
Schools can be environments which are free of fear and conducive to learning.
Schools can be expansive with information and include visual materials.
Schools can be institutions of social transformation.
Schools can be models of learning and models of energy efficiency.
Schools can be more effective when parents actively participate in the process.
Schools can be more proactive in the planning process.
Schools can be more selective because the teen population is growing.
Schools can be no better than the ongoing support they receive from the public.
Schools can be public without being district-controlled.
Schools can be purposeful, mission-driven organizations.
Schools can be teen havens for learning about and demystifying their frightening realm of feelings.
Schools can be the center of community and communities can be learning communities.
Schools can be totally dependent on federal funding.
Schools can be, paradoxically, the most radical and the most conservative of institutions.
Schools can become . . .
Schools can become a maze of moving and reorganization in the summer.
Schools can benefit from college students' extra support and enthusiasm.
Schools can book sessions for their teachers to work on specific themes.
Schools can borrow five sets each half-term.
Schools can bring students on tours of the restored prairie.
Schools can build a network of resources by drawing on all the information at their disposal.
Schools can build their own website on-line here.
Schools can buy and use as many or as few modules as they desire.
Schools can certify loans online.
Schools can choose an endangered or threatened animal from their region and do research on it.
Schools can choose from a variety of artists in dance, music, visual arts, literature and theater.
Schools can choose from four options to become accredited.
Schools can choose the amount of the late fee or waive such fees entirely.
Schools can choose the school improvement model which is best for their circumstances.
Schools can choose the timing of the cycle.
Schools can choose their own implementation plan, which sometimes involves the use of volunteers.
Schools can choose to incorporate the program into the curriculum at one or several levels.
Schools can choose to tackle water , waste , energy or transport over three terms.
Schools can combine the use of filtering with a comprehensive plan.
Schools can consider a number of very powerful learning experiences.
Schools can contact both businesses directly for information.
Schools can continue registering as long as space is available, so keep an eye on the new listings.
Schools can continue to submit revisions at any time, as needed.
Schools can contract with a public health agency to provide the service.
Schools can contribute to a project or browse contributions from other participants.
Schools can contribute to a project or host one themselves.
Schools can create a positive learning environment only if students feel safe and healthy.
Schools can create opportunities for parents to play an active role in the operation of the school.
Schools can create vital cultural and linguistic links for families, students, and communities.
Schools can decide how information is organized and presented.
Schools can decide whether to play for comments-only or a rating.
Schools can decide.
Schools can define their community in one of two main ways.
Schools can develop their atlas site as time and resources allow.
Schools can direct general funds to the areas where they are needed most.
Schools can discuss each others ideas on the web pages and so collaborate to solve the mystery.
Schools can do a better job.
Schools can do a lot for others.
Schools can do better, but the parents are to ultimately blame.
Schools can do many things to increase the safety of their students and employees.
Schools can do more to educate children about being safe pedestrians.
Schools can do so much to increase a student's self-concept.
Schools can do that only to a limited degree.
Schools can do the same for their highly gifted children.
Schools can dramatically reduce energy costs even before building retrofits are installed.
Schools can drop a course or two in sex education or anxiety management and add computer training.
Schools can earn additional money by referring the program to other schools.
Schools can easily download magazines, journals, even entire books that are current.
Schools can either co-opt the parent's role or recognize the parent's potential.
Schools can elect to purchase a group program or allow students and faculty to individually enroll.
Schools can elect to use time more fully.
Schools can emulate other important social organizations that have had uniforms for many years.
Schools can encourage partnerships in a variety of ways, reflecting the communities they serve.
Schools can end the contract at any time without any extra penalty being incurred.
Schools can enjoy a substantial discount for five or more copies.
Schools can enroll foreign students who are living with their parents in China on a long-term basis.
Schools can ensure that library books are age-appropriate and have educational value.
Schools can enter a second team for the math bowl competition.
Schools can enter as many or as few students as they wish.
Schools can enter two teams.
Schools can escape accountability despite exceedingly low graduation rates.
Schools can even fundraise through our programming.
Schools can expand beyond their walls and teachers can reach students thousands of miles away.
Schools can expect many benefits from the contracted systems.
Schools can facilitate or hinder participation by students who have disabilities.
Schools can find partners in projects.
Schools can find some grant writing tips, also.
Schools can find willing allies in the community.
Schools can focus on healthy food choices for venting machines and classroom moneymaking activities.
Schools can follow a five-step implementation process.
Schools can further customize the survey by including additional goals on the survey.
Schools can generate data of scientific interest while teaching important research concepts.
Schools can get a free registered copy of the screen saver.
Schools can get around that by giving kids more incentives to hang around school.
Schools can get that money, if towns agree.
Schools can get the computers free at one of the computer recycling sites .
Schools can give the community whatever it needs.
Schools can go to the extra trouble of saving energy on the appeal that they be good citizens.
Schools can go under, especially during the holidays, without a steady income.
Schools can have a different agenda.
Schools can have a few hundred individuals.
Schools can have an undercurrent of rumors that hurt children deeply.
Schools can have contests between classes for collection of items.
Schools can have intervention when they see violence.
Schools can have more than one team as space allows.
Schools can have their classroom computers equipped with browsers sporting school or class colors.
Schools can help by informing students and parents of the resources that communities have to offer.
Schools can help by providing teachers with classroom phones.
Schools can help by raising issues of internet safety with students, parents and the community.
Schools can help collect valuable scientific information all along the riverside.
Schools can help families by supporting parents.
Schools can help families create home environments that support learning.
Schools can help in several ways.
Schools can help promote healthful eating habits in children.
Schools can help promote healthy hearts by encouraging healthful behavior in students and staff.
Schools can help reduce tensions by making initial contacts with parents friendly and respectful.
Schools can help retain at risk ninth graders through a variety of policies and practices.
Schools can help students lower the price of their grad by fundraising throughout the year.
Schools can help students prepare more economically for entrance exams.
Schools can help students, others, deal with loss and grief.
Schools can help, churches can help, law enforcement can help, but no one can replace the family.
Schools can help, churches can help, law enforcement can help, but on one can replace the family.
Schools can help.
Schools can ill afford to be extravagant.
Schools can immediately call the police and report crimes committed by students with disabilities.
Schools can implement the program without the knowledge or consent of parents.
Schools can impose reasonable time, place, and manner restrictions on such distribution.
Schools can improvise, using corridors as gallery space to display students' work.
Schools can include news about partner contributions in the newsletter.
Schools can influence only the last.
Schools can join in as the schedule fits their classroom curriculum.
Schools can join in, sharing the excitement of a team of world adventurers.
Schools can join the program at anytime, as the online activities are ongoing and continually fresh.
Schools can learn a lot from business.
Schools can learn a lot from private industry.
Schools can list job openings and search for potential candidates in the active resumes.
Schools can look into scheduling to create free blocks of time during the school day.
Schools can lose their eligibility for consistently high default rates.
Schools can maintain close contact with parents, teachers, and children.
Schools can make a difference although there is no single, prescriptive way to reduce absenteeism.
Schools can make a difference in how well students learn.
Schools can make a difference.
Schools can make an effort to reach out to non-custodial parents.
Schools can make better use of existing resources like CD-ROM drives and printers.
Schools can make distance learning affordable.
Schools can make input and share good sites promoting collaboration.
Schools can make things better.
Schools can mirror society and our correctional system.
Schools can monitor student Internet usage at school at home, only parents can do so.
Schools can navigate through the controversy over origins by teaching about the controversy.
Schools can never have the vested interest in a student's long-term achievement that families do.
Schools can no longer afford to have long hallways with closed doors.
Schools can no longer be ethical bystanders.
Schools can no longer create and support an underclass of marginalized students.
Schools can nominate students currently in their junior year.
Schools can nominate two juniors, one male and one female.
Schools can now earn money to be used as they choose.
Schools can offer career opportunities to students.
Schools can offer courses for all ages from very young children to courses for retired people.
Schools can offer Extended DAY classes, and allow the child time to do it there, if it is an issue.
Schools can offer instruction and practice in the skills necessary to obtain one's own job.
Schools can offer many opportunities for young people to practice healthy eating.
Schools can offer only certain aspects of community.
Schools can offer such courses.
Schools can often prevent or discourage the casual intruder.
Schools can often provide an appropriate diagnosis.
Schools can often reuse containers as well.
Schools can only charge parents for items which are actually given to the students.
Schools can only do so much to create a safer environment.
Schools can only do so much with the raw material and resources they are given.
Schools can only do so much, however.
Schools can only do so much.
Schools can only impact on positive learner outcomes if they invest in educator learning.
Schools can only improve through competition with better schools.
Schools can only influence the last.
Schools can only issue a certificate of completion.
Schools can only provide the tools, ideas and choices.
Schools can open their doors during nonschool hours to support community learning opportunities.
Schools can operate at their own pace.
Schools can opt to attend either day of competition.
Schools can opt to order new log books or to use their own version of recording projects.
Schools can order and receive the quantity of food products they can use without bunching or delays.
Schools can order T-shirts for staff if they want.
Schools can participate for a one, two or three week period.
Schools can pay for major upgrades within an existing budget through energy savings.
Schools can place advertisements for job vacancies online at their convenience.
Schools can plan lessons focusing on dolphins and their marine ecosystems.
Schools can play a critical role in engaging youth in community service.
Schools can play a significant role in preventing violence and drug and alcohol abuse.
Schools can play a special role in developing essential school-community connections.
Schools can play an important role by providing access to parents and other community members.
Schools can play an important role in preventing antisocial behavior.
Schools can play an important role in preventing the spread of shigella.
Schools can play nine-man, but are ineligible for the playoffs.
Schools can post contact info, maps, photos, news, calendars, etc.
Schools can post jobs and search for candidates.
Schools can post websites and projects here, also.
Schools can prevent mean and cruel behavior by creating an environment of respect.
Schools can print their own material, such as handbooks and classroom materials.
Schools can promote themselves and advertise vacancies.
Schools can provide a leadership and bridging role, bringing parents together.
Schools can provide accomplishments and success at meaningful tasks.
Schools can provide credits for the semesters as they wish.
Schools can provide details of the area they serve.
Schools can provide health information and referral services.
Schools can provide links to partners' or sponsors' web home pages.
Schools can provide several qualified applicants for an employer to choose from.
Schools can provide students with take-home laptops.
Schools can provide that access.
Schools can provide the brochure to employers who are interviewing on campus.
Schools can provide their information to prospective students and parents.
Schools can purchase optional adult or bilingual courses as supplements.
Schools can pursue other avenues.
Schools can quickly modify or delete policies with a few keystrokes.
Schools can range from excellent to awful, or involve one's children living away from the family.
Schools can receive bulk subscriptions for mere pennies per issue.
Schools can redeem points as often as they'd like.
Schools can redirect dollars saved from using less energy to address other important issues.
Schools can reduce bullying by fostering a safe, supportive climate for all students.
Schools can register for sponsorship on-line.
Schools can register more than one team but recommend a maximum of four teams.
Schools can register to feed their own information to the site.
Schools can remain on probationary accreditation for up to three years.
Schools can remind students of important dates, disbursement procedures, refund policies, etc.
Schools can reproduce and distribute the contents of the manual to their students.
Schools can request a download from the satellite by providing the appropriate coordinates.
Schools can request a visit anytime.
Schools can request that batch files be sent in either a report or extract format.
Schools can require an upgraded academic core and a concentration for graduation.
Schools can require that all student organizations serve some legitimate educational purpose.
Schools can reserve two team slots now and put a third on a waiting list.
Schools can respond to student questions about application status.
Schools can rotate teams of student tellers to give everyone an opportunity.
Schools can run their projects in collaboration with appropriate departments.
Schools can save a lot of money by replacing tenured professors with part-timers.
Schools can save hundreds of thousands of dollars in renovation costs.
Schools can save waste disposal costs or maybe make a little money through a good recycling program.
Schools can schedule a silent movie with an organ accompaniment.
Schools can schedule time for grade-level meetings to assess changes and make further improvements.
Schools can schedule visits to their site also.
Schools can search the data base using a search screen with several search variables.
Schools can search the database to find speakers, workshop facilitators, classrooms to visit, etc.
Schools can search the r sum databank for applicants to fill their positions.
Schools can see each other's responses and thus collaborate to solve the mystery.
Schools can select from several different management modules for use.
Schools can select the appropriate shows for their students.
Schools can select their preferred goals, targets etc.
Schools can send a different person to each workshop.
Schools can send academic records quickly and easily to employers anxious to make hiring decisions.
Schools can send their partners student artwork of their partners depicting joint activities.
Schools can serve as the primary place for continuing professional development.
Schools can set reasonable rules and regulations.
Schools can set up rules and policies that outline the disciplinary system.
Schools can share other information, too.
Schools can sign a pledge to work at becoming mercury free.
Schools can sign up at any time.
Schools can sink, too.
Schools can spend that money any way they want to improve student achievement.
Schools can stay open and students can be educated if the plan succeeds.
Schools can still go through a process to overrule the parent.
Schools can still participate in the program.
Schools can stimulate and support positive behavioural change in children.
Schools can submit events online.
Schools can submit projects for posting.
Schools can submit the voucher orders via facsimile or as an attachment to an e-mail.
Schools can submit their own weather data to be used in the projects.
Schools can subscribe online.
Schools can succeed if they provide much more than the usual basic academic programs.
Schools can suffer as well.
Schools can supplement their budgets by disclosing information about students.
Schools can supply glue and paper.
Schools can support certain policies such as no television on school nights.
Schools can t do it alone.
Schools can t do that.
Schools can t stop it on their own.
Schools can take other steps to ease the tensions over affirmative action.
Schools can take out yearly membership and PD is available for teachers.
Schools can take part in Tudor and Victorian workshops, Medieval Realms, and local history sessions.
Schools can take short trips as field trips.
Schools can teach children gardening much more effectively now.
Schools can tell who the bullies are by the sixth week of the school year.
Schools can transmit lectures.
Schools can typically see differences within three months.
Schools can update the file as often as necessary.
Schools can use all information freely and in any number of copies as they see fit.
Schools can use any basis to say no to a kid.
Schools can use education to develop more emotionally secure and healthy adolescents.
Schools can use experts from the school or can use any other expert to support the school's side.
Schools can use grade numbers to identify patrons.
Schools can use intranets to deliver instruction.
Schools can use intranets to disseminate information in much the same way.
Schools can use it to recruit more students and incorporate it into their lesson package.
Schools can use test scores in deciding on placement and promotion of students.
Schools can use the funds to remove chronically disruptive students from regular school programs.
Schools can use the materials flexibly to suit identified needs.
Schools can use the state assessment results to initiate a process of self-study.
Schools can usually predict exam results from the previous year's standard grades.
Schools can vary.
Schools can work to make television our partners against violence.
Schools can, however, provide skills to students and hope for a brighter future.
Schools can, to a degree, control the Internet resources which are available to their students.
Schools care a lot about their reputations, just as do personalities, and politicians.
Schools care very little about personal growth, or creating a rewarding experience.
Schools cater for the diverse needs of a multicultural population.
Schools celebrate the cultural diversity in their communities and in the nation as a whole.
Schools celebrate the week, which honors being drug-free, with poetry and essays contests.
Schools change all the time.
Schools change plane depends on teachers being able to keep their momentum and enthusiasm.
Schools change their stances on prospects all the time, for a variety of reasons.
Schools Check out our schools and their websites.
Schools Check out the schools in different parts of the world.
Schools Check the county page of interest first.
Schools check the sex offender list and otherwise screen mentors.
Schools choose the programs that best meet their requirements and goals.
Schools choose the sort, display, and delivery options, and can name the report.
Schools choose whether to participate in any or both of the competitions.
Schools claim to be learning environments.
Schools classify roughly one-third of th ese children as having limited English proficiency.
Schools Click on each state to get schools in that state.
Schools Click the numbers or photos to show the corresponding location on a map.
Schools close down.
Schools close two hours early.
Schools collect and apply information from their constituents to define and improve their practices.
Schools collect data at varying times.
Schools collect supplies including paper, pencils, erasers, scissors, rulers and chalk.
Schools collect the ages, genders and ZIP codes of student users.
Schools collect their fees, and the process repeats itself.
Schools come and go every year.
Schools come before high tech.
Schools Come find out what the kids are up to while they are at school.
Schools come from the Toledo area, North Baltimore, and some Seneca County schools.
Schools come in and out of special measures and serious weaknesses on a daily basis.
Schools come under the museum's cultural-history collections.
Schools come up with creative ways to get funding.
Schools communicate the standards to parents via newsletters, etc.
Schools compare note and share ideas.
Schools compare the true ending with the made-up version.
Schools compete for funding and, in many places, for students.
Schools compete for two championships - the regular season title and the tournament title.
Schools compete in a number of co-curricular events at the zonal and national level each year.
Schools compete in a number of Co-curricular events at the zonal and national level each year.
Schools compete in one of two divisions.
Schools compete in statewide or multistate league competitions.
Schools compete in statewide or multi-state league competitions.
Schools compete throughout fourteen geographical regions.
Schools conduct fire drills regularly.
Schools conduct their own investigation on the report.
Schools connect to their Internet provider through dedicated telephone lines.
Schools consider quality extracurricular activities in the same way.
Schools consist of four elementary, one middle and one high school.
Schools consist of students.
Schools consist of two or three courses each, including online and classroom instruction.
Schools consistently report high levels of autonomy on curricular issues.
Schools contain individuals.
Schools continually monitor and assert the specific strengths of all girls education.
Schools continue to be held hostage by their varied local situations.
Schools continue to be one of the safest places for children.
Schools continue to be pretty orthodox in their views of what legitimately can be called education.
Schools continue to improve.
Schools continue to prefer carpet for a number of reasons particularly sound deadening.
Schools continue to use the station for field trips in the spring, during lambing season.
Schools contribute to the overall quality of life in every community.
Schools control how they spend some funds.
Schools control the conditions for success.
Schools control the conditions to insure success.
Schools convey a one-sided message.
Schools copy the notice and send it home with children.
Schools cost money.
Schools count children by their diversities, including race, because diversity counts.
Schools count children by their diversities, including race, in order to assure diversity.
Schools count on parents of special education students to be passive and uninformed.
Schools count the number of their eligible machines and multiply that by a tiered price.
Schools cover travel expenses.
Schools create a bridge between the goals of education and employment.
Schools create a miniature society within the school.
Schools create and dispose of garbage, contain potentially toxic materials, and use energy.
Schools create paper chains, adding a link for every book read.
Schools create small highly personalized and safe learning environments.
Schools create small, highly personalized and safe learning environments .
Schools create small, highly personalized and safe learning environments.
Schools credits heavy promotion by local media with the festival's burgeoning attendance.
Schools currently identify reading disabilities three to four times more often in boys than girls.
Schools currently participating are on a volunteer basis.
Schools currently post the lowest dropout rates in history.
Schools currently provide the bulk of the shelter space.
Schools deal with moral issues all the time.
Schools debate the teaching of evolution.
Schools decide where the money goes.
Schools dedicated to the success of their educators often pair beginning teachers with mentors.
Schools defeat their own purpose.
Schools define distance learning in a myriad of ways, including correspondence courses.
Schools definitely have no business being funded by property taxes.
Schools demand a lot from students today.
Schools demand virtually nothing from students.
Schools demonstrate desired outcomes.
Schools demonstrate respect for the parents of their students .
Schools demonstrate respect for the parents of their students.
Schools demonstrate what is important by the time and resources they allocate.
Schools depending on the taxpayers alone fall apart, apartheid under arithmetical equality.
Schools destroy our youth.
Schools determine the amount of the loan, student's eligibility, and the loan period.
Schools Develop a school climate which sets and reinforces high standards for student conduct.
Schools Develop a system so that there is immediate response to absenteeism.
Schools develop an academic program that is rooted in principles of effective teaching and learning.
Schools develop collaborative projects using the Internet for communication.
Schools develop coordinated, comprehensive approach to child health.
Schools develop effective ways to measure their effectiveness.
Schools differ as to which type of learning is emphasized.
Schools differ in reform implementation in both amount and quality.
Schools differ in the amount of credit that is granted for coursework.
Schools differ in the ways they develop and implement plans.
Schools differ vastly and so do teachers.
Schools dip into their general funds to pay for the products, and the costs can add up quickly.
Schools discuss subjects related to the Holocaust via computers and Internet communication.
Schools do a variety of things to try to retain their Christian identity.
Schools do activities.
Schools do adjust class size to their students' characteristics.
Schools do best with local control, operating as close as possible to the people that they serve.
Schools do better if they rely on data rather than educational trends.
Schools do business in a far different way from commercial enterprises.
Schools do change, but far more slowly and incrementally than companies do.
Schools do have an obligation to investigate any complaint a student brings to their attention.
Schools do have the right to ban all non-curriculum clubs.
Schools do have to reach out.
Schools do have ways of checking and being aware of kids with blatant mental-health problems.
Schools do it.
Schools Do it.
Schools do make a difference in student performance, say researchers.
Schools do make a difference, the Rutter study said, for better or for worse.
Schools do receive something in return.
Schools do that.
Schools do the very best they can.
Schools do their part by having presentations and lessons which focus on many safety related issues.
Schools do what they can to ensure an alcohol-free prom.
Schools doing well have to file a plan every six years.
Schools don t always think of parents as a resource.
Schools don t discipline the kids for fear of being sued.
Schools don t make kids violent.
Schools duplicate the ballot for use by students eligible to vote.
Schools earn 'badges' which recognize their efforts in each of the eight component areas.
Schools earn five points for each dollar shown on receipts.
Schools earn grades of exceptional, strong, satisfactory, low or unacceptable.
Schools earn high marks.
Schools earn tens of millions of dollars a year from soft drink companies.
Schools effectively handle behavioral problems.
Schools eliminate or cut back physical education classes.
Schools embody their society s history and cultural assumptions.
Schools emphasizing language and international studies make travel almost mandatory.
Schools employ mediation as an alternative to traditional disciplinary methods.
Schools employ principals and vice-principals.
Schools employ teachers.
Schools encourage and teach openness.
Schools encourage children.
Schools encourage students to discover their personal strengths as well as their vocational dreams.
Schools encourage students to use the library for homework and special interests.
Schools encourage students.
Schools end up closing, and children are left home alone.
Schools endure over several years.
Schools enforce the policy and consistently administer penalties for violations.
Schools engage in a continuous comprehensive planning and improvement process.
Schools engage parents and the larger community as partners to increase productivity and literacy.
Schools enjoy a special relationship with local deputies.
Schools enjoy great success.
Schools enjoy success.
Schools enlighten people.
Schools enroll in the program and are given a school ID and password.
Schools enter two person teams.
Schools erect multi-million training facilities in order to entice bigger, better recruits.
Schools essentially compete with themselves to improve their previous performance.
Schools establish and enjoyable and challenging climate which is supportive and collaborative.
Schools establish partnerships with their peers.
Schools evaluate relative rather than absolute performance.
Schools everywhere are in a panic mode, receiving bomb threats, threats of terrorist attacks.
Schools everywhere can do with extra cash.
Schools exclude by costing too much, directly and by implication.
Schools exert an important assimilating influence, as does America's consumer society.
Schools exist first and foremost for teaching and learning.
Schools exist for children.
Schools exist for students to learn and to reach their full potential.
Schools exist for teaching.
Schools exist for the benefit of students.
Schools exist precisely to help parents raise children.
Schools exist to facilitate student learning.
Schools exist to instill and develop essential core values in students.
Schools exist to promote the public welfare.
Schools exist to serve the needs of students.
Schools exist to serve the public interest and are accountable on that basis to the public.
Schools exist within a culture.
Schools expect parents to get involved, both at home and at school.
Schools expect students to attend school on time.
Schools expect to see new inquirers while the majority of attendees have already inquired.
Schools experience consistent growth.
Schools experience growth.
Schools experimenting with online learning often ask professors to perform both functions.
Schools express interest.
Schools face a daunting number of challenges.
Schools face a variety of challenges and there is no one silver bullet assistance solution.
Schools face a variety of challenges.
Schools face common challenges, though.
Schools face increased diversity and demand for balancing equity and excellence.
Schools face many challenges in addressing issues of discipline and violence.
Schools face real challenges.
Schools face similar challenges today.
Schools facilitate the conditions for successful learning.
Schools fail to be accountable to the people that they affect most, the students and their parents.
Schools Fail to Deliver.
Schools fail to educate.
Schools favor white students for college prep classes.
Schools fear having even more responsibilities, especially with very limited budgets.
Schools feed children and teachers, and often provide health or mental health support.
Schools feel overburdened with too much responsibility already.
Schools feel they are already providing emotional education.
Schools fight and claw and scratch all season to win conferences and conference tournaments.
Schools fight fat by teaching kids to eat their greens.
Schools fight for funding to provide students access to the wealth of information available online.
Schools figure into the picture, as well.
Schools fill classes with terrible instructors, while students party.
Schools find hidden costs of high tech .
Schools find it near-impossible to afford qualified technical people.
Schools Find local preschools and private schools .
Schools find that some missions cost less than they had assumed, while others cost more.
Schools find they have fewer discipline difficulties and improved academic performance.
Schools Finding the websites of Austrian schools is a bit tricky.
Schools fly banners, hold pep rallies and the pressure builds to pass the test.
Schools focus on a core group of prospects at every position.
Schools focus on results and give accountability a lot of weight.
Schools follow guidelines.
Schools follow migration patterns.
Schools follow patterns.
Schools follow the British educational system.
Schools follow the guidelines while serving federally subsidized school breakfasts and lunches.
Schools follow the money, favoring the views of the purse holder.
Schools follow vertical migration patterns.
Schools follow vertical patterns.
Schools forbid gum in class for various reasons.
Schools form active alliances with parents, employers, community members and policy makers.
Schools form active alliances with parents.
Schools form the foundation of building a community.
Schools foster a strong work ethic in students.
Schools function as the hub of each watershed team.
Schools function best when the time-honored principle of local control by parents prevails.
Schools function to pass on the universal and specialist norms of the culture.
Schools generally charge fees that are a considerable drain on the income of the rural population.
Schools generally do a lousy job of identifying troubled kids.
Schools generally have few requirements for interpreters.
Schools generally hold fire prevention assemblies to teach students about fire safety.
Schools generally operate with a minimum of clerical support.
Schools generally prefer to draw faculty from a variety of institutions.
Schools generally require written guidelines for medication administration.
Schools generally seem unsure about some of the risks involved.
Schools generate large amounts of non-biodegradable garbage.
Schools get a small increase in operations grants.
Schools get an education in sexual harassment.
Schools get an F when it comes to knowledge of data collection.
Schools get bad reputations, decreased enrollment and program cuts.
Schools get better.
Schools get big bucks to join the fun.
Schools get computers, volunteers, buildings, and supplies from their partnered organizations.
Schools get creative in scheduling advisory A news update from our print edition.
Schools get crowded and roads get clogged as the population grows.
Schools get extra money for each bilingual student so that the school can give bilingual services.
Schools get funding from government.
Schools get help devising improvement plans and assessing their progress.
Schools get it here and there.
Schools get money according to the number of kids enrolled.
Schools get more credit for moving students at the low end to higher levels.
Schools get more crowded.
Schools get more money if their scores are good.
Schools get nothing.
Schools get out for the day and many businesses close down.
Schools get paper grocery bags from a local grocery store.
Schools get papers free through sponsors or at reduced prices.
Schools get practically very little funding from the state and lack even basic equipment.
Schools get results.
Schools get the biggest share of the state budget.
Schools get to deal with the small things to prevent the big things developing and occurring.
Schools give grades.
Schools give in to that.
Schools give the students a two-day holiday.
Schools go for months on end without seeing any actual money.
Schools go through periods of popularity and their selectivity changes accordingly.
Schools Go to . . .
Schools Hang out a shingle, or how to con a lot of people.
Schools harm their students by privately exemplifying consumerism as they publicly denounce it.
Schools has a listing of schools by enrollment, number of teachers, test scores and addresses.
Schools has pictures and descriptions and images of the district's schools.
Schools have a broader mission, beyond academics.
Schools have a choice of how to spend funds based on parameters to ensure student success.
Schools have a choice of selecting two countries.
Schools have a curriculum which aims to teach boys how to become men.
Schools have a deep and abiding interest in and concern for their students.
Schools have a dollop more with more yet to come.
Schools have a great opportunity to affect the lives of the children and their families.
Schools have a great opportunity to do very creative educational reform.
Schools have a great responsibility.
Schools have a legal responsibility to provide a safe school environment.
Schools have a major impact on certain benefits that teens reported are derived from volunteering.
Schools have a major role to play in working towards non-smoking being seen as the norm in society.
Schools have a mandate to integrate the h curriculums.
Schools have a mandate to integrate the writing and the math curriculums.
Schools have a mandatory uniform policy.
Schools Have a Noble Purpose.
Schools have a number of options.
Schools have a particularly difficult problem.
Schools have a poor history of records management.
Schools have a problem of overcrowding.
Schools have a procedure to lock classrooms to keep students safe in the event of a crisis.
Schools have a profound influence on young people's lives.
Schools have a reason now to worry about their performance.
Schools have a responsibility to adapt as best they can to the educational needs of each student.
Schools have a responsibility to be aware of and monitor student computer use.
Schools have a responsibility to educate individuals to become self sufficient, tax paying adults.
Schools have a responsibility to educate their students.
Schools have a responsibility to ensure a safe learning environment.
Schools have a responsibility to make their proms a safe place for all students.
Schools have a responsibility to provide a safe learning environment for students.
Schools have a responsibility to provide security to the people they provide housing to.
Schools have a responsibility to reach out to all parents.
Schools have a responsibility to spread health ideas to the community.
Schools have a responsibility to teach basic human skills.
Schools have a set amount of time for a lunch period.
Schools have a set of standards by which to measure their own achievement.
Schools have a share in the responsibility of preparing pupils for life in a rapidly changing world.
Schools have a significant interest in ensuring that their students' health care needs are met.
Schools have a similar dilemma.
Schools have a special responsibility to set an example of obedience to law.
Schools have a special responsibility towards pupils with difficulties of various kinds.
Schools have a stake in helping girls become decisionmakers.
Schools have a supportive role to play in character building, to enrich learning.
Schools have a tendency to treat difference as deficiency.
Schools have a variety of options in providing students with e-mail.
Schools have a variety of responsibilities to protect the rights of the individual and the family.
Schools have a variety of sensors to get quantitative data about plant growth and behaviour.
Schools have a variety of ways of charging for their services and a variety of payment methods.
Schools have a variety of ways to document the progress of students.
Schools have a very important role in lifelong learning and enterprise.
Schools have a wide range of equipment, often depending on how wealthy the school district is.
Schools have a winter recess.
Schools have a year to resubmit grants until they are acceptable.
Schools have access to counsellors and specialists who can diagnose learning disabilities.
Schools have access to student information at the touch of a button.
Schools have activities.
Schools have actual salons where students are trained and their rates are greatly reduced.
Schools have additional resources to engage communities in a safe school planning process.
Schools have administrative procedures for the procurement of existing telecommunciations systems.
Schools have all the linkages with the community and they have visibility.
Schools have an active role in how our programs are run.
Schools have an important role in environmental education.
Schools have an important role to play in addressing the needs of the whole-person.
Schools have an important role to play in addressing the problem of child and adolescent injuries.
Schools have an increasing effect up through secondary school and then little after that.
Schools have an inherent responsibility to meet that expectation.
Schools have an interest in environmental and literary projects.
Schools have an obligation to ensure they are a safe place for all students.
Schools have an obligation to prepare students for the real world.
Schools have an obligation to protect all students.
Schools have an obligation to provide students with reasonable classes to meet their needs.
Schools have banner advertisements.
Schools have been overcrowded for years, so they have good reasons for keeping kids out.
Schools have bigger responsibilities.
Schools have bills to pay, and college football keeps the checking account balanced.
Schools have buildings.
Schools have cafeterias.
Schools have capital thresholds based on accounting rules rather than income tax.
Schools have chances.
Schools have classes that study local history, writing and computer science.
Schools have classrooms.
Schools have considerable independence in the area of discipline.
Schools have copies of critical incident report forms.
Schools have copies of the Bibliography.
Schools have counselors to deal with behavioral problems.
Schools have counselors.
Schools have crisis prevention and intervention plans.
Schools have deadlines for fall, spring, and summer admissions.
Schools have density, and they're the best place to treat children.
Schools have departments.
Schools have different teachers, different students, different communities, and different needs.
Schools have different ways of administering anger management curriculums.
Schools have difficulty funding enough support.
Schools have dress codes, lots have uniforms.
Schools have early dismissal.
Schools have education departments.
Schools have eight options regarding the release of test information.
Schools have enough to do as it is.
Schools have examinations.
Schools have excellent resources and professional staffs.
Schools have experts to evaluate and analyze.
Schools have field trips involving tours of factories and other points of interest.
Schools have firewalls.
Schools have flexibility in selecting and placing their interns.
Schools have flexibility in the placement of their interns.
Schools have flexibility to design services to meet students' needs.
Schools have food production and delivery capabilities along with bathroom and shower facilities.
Schools have forfeited respect.
Schools have four terms with two week breaks in between.
Schools have good resources and professional staffs.
Schools have groups to normalize homosexuality.
Schools have gyms.
Schools have hallways and they have classrooms.
Schools have higher numbers of people in smaller spaces than most commercial or other indoor spaces.
Schools have honor rolls and dean's lists to reinforce positives.
Schools have hundreds to thousands of students.
Schools have improved their efforts to teach children about the dangers of drugs, say inspectors.
Schools have individual application deadlines.
Schools have internet capability, as well.
Schools have it tough.
Schools have just a quarter of their students.
Schools have kind of become all things, and our job description has expanded.
Schools have large gyms.
Schools have limited autonomy in their curriculum development.
Schools have limited budgets, and it costs to have a music program as well as special guests.
Schools have limited resources.
Schools have little computer software for blind students.
Schools have little control over some things that affect student performance.
Schools have lots of functions nowadays, especially in The Netherlands.
Schools have many dehumanizing aspects as well.
Schools have many resources to offer.
Schools have many roles to play in preventing violence.
Schools have many students.
Schools have many unique requirements for a reliable weather radio.
Schools have metal detectors.
Schools have more computers than teachers.
Schools have more students and less real estate.
Schools have more than pride riding on grades.
Schools have much to give.
Schools have no business stereotyping students.
Schools have no choice under the law to reduce or cut spending for special education services.
Schools have no particular relationship to the surrounding schools in a different color.
Schools have norms of behavior that define the children's and teachers' roles.
Schools have nothing to fear from their immigrant students.
Schools have nutrition.
Schools have old stuff.
Schools have open houses to demonstrate study lessons for teachers from other schools.
Schools have pages.
Schools have pamphlets and newsletters for parents.
Schools have people who can help.
Schools have performance assessments in place to track the impact of virtual learning opportunities.
Schools have permission to print-out and use the sheets with pupils.
Schools have physical education departments.
Schools have physical examinations.
Schools have plans aligned with the district plan.
Schools have plans to evacuate or shelter children safely.
Schools have plenty of volunteers to help student and school programs.
Schools have plenty of volunteers to help students and school programs.
Schools have policies that prohibit use of more than one school in a metropolitan area.
Schools have poor air quality, even brand new facilities.
Schools have problems with fighting, stealing, and harassment, because of classism.
Schools have production studios from which students present morning news programs.
Schools have recesses, school holidays, and summer breaks.
Schools have reputations for being leaders in different industries.
Schools have rooms that hold all the street shoes of the students while they are in school.
Schools have rules for acceptable behavior.
Schools have security guards and students are also very respectful.
Schools have so few resources that most parents pay for extra private tuition for their children.
Schools have some discretion over when to start teaching the key stage programmes of study.
Schools have some room to wiggle.
Schools have sophisticated network infrastructure.
Schools have special drills for evacuation.
Schools have special procedures and committees to consider petitions.
Schools have specific academic requirements in order to attend.
Schools have students.
Schools have systems for students to learn.
Schools have that right.
Schools have the ability to select candidates which meet their specific requirements.
Schools have the authority to prohibit some clothing, including vulgar and obscene T-shirts.
Schools have the best understanding of what is needed by the children they serve.
Schools have the burden of demonstrating that any removal from regular education is appropriate.
Schools have the capacity to use staff in many ways.
Schools have the facilities for training and often view lifelong learning as part of their mission.
Schools have the obligation to teach children how to deal with anger and conflict.
Schools have the opportunity to choose from a large pool of qualified personnel.
Schools have the opportunity to help narrow the gap between the haves and have-nots.
Schools have the opportunity to try out a teacher for a pre-determined contract time.
Schools have the option of including video evidence for all students within the submission.
Schools have the option of placing themselves at either site.
Schools have the option of pursuing accreditation for specific programs as well.
Schools have the option of targeting all parents, or only selected parents.
Schools have the potential to become centers of community resources and activities.
Schools have the potential to help students develop strengths to overcome risks and succeed.
Schools have the power to do both.
Schools have the privilege of sharing the children and the job of modeling.
Schools have the profound power to shape our perceptions of the world and our place in it.
Schools have the responsibility of preparing students for the future.
Schools have the responsibility to educate students to become global citizens.
Schools have the right to appeal.
Schools have the right to deny acceptance of a student in their school.
Schools have their own load policies.
Schools have their own problems with economies of size.
Schools have their own problems, and do often have very tight budgets.
Schools have three years to implement new curricula.
Schools have to address underachievement, school absence, drop-out, and disruptive behaviour.
Schools have to be able to make decisions that respond directly to the communities they serve.
Schools have to be careful, though.
Schools have to be plugged into the business system.
Schools have to be ready for that in the fall.
Schools have to be safe and classrooms have to be orderly.
Schools have to become places where all children can learn.
Schools have to commit to funding and integrate entrepreneurship courses in their curricula.
Schools have to compete for our children every day, all year.
Schools have to create a sense of excitement about technology's potential.
Schools have to create their own internal assessment programs with information on every student.
Schools have to create time and space for teachers to collaborate and learn.
Schools have to decide which kind of citizen-witnesses they intend to produce.
Schools have to deploy their counselors efficiently, too.
Schools have to do everything possible to hold on to the athletes.
Schools have to do most of a para's training.
Schools have to do the best they can on that score.
Schools have to expel a student who brings a gun for a year.
Schools have to go to parents.
Schools have to have the conversations around standards.
Schools have to have the technological resources and project or lab materials for students to use.
Schools have to increase their office staff in order to run the program.
Schools have to keep improving.
Schools have to look at alternative ways to fund their technology purchases.
Schools have to meet challenging performance criteria to qualify for a short inspection.
Schools have to notify parents of their child's results by the end of summer term.
Schools have to prepare all students for thinking work.
Schools have to provide some of the chemicals.
Schools have to say, wait a minute.
Schools have to submit a three-year plan outlining how they propose to raise standards.
Schools have to understand what the gap is if they are to help.
Schools have to write a grant request.
Schools have too few bathrooms.
Schools have too many administrators.
Schools have too many children and too many rules.
Schools have traditionally had fire drills, some have earthquake drills.
Schools have unlimited duplication rights for the tapes and resource packet for use in their school.
Schools have untapped potential to create time within existing resources.
Schools have vast financial resources to transform fair hearings into a major trial-like proceeding.
Schools having a climate of random violence is a large problem all over the country.
Schools having no problem filling seats are the ones with traditional study programs.
Schools hear of successes in other schools and ask for it.
Schools help all students make successful transitions to college and careers.
Schools help children.
Schools help people recognise socially accepted norms and behaviour.
Schools help preparing children and youth to become competent and responsible adults.
Schools help students.
Schools help with the contest.
Schools help young children.
Schools Helping over visitors, find just what they wanted . . .
Schools here are different from rural schools in other places.
Schools here benefit from tremendous community support.
Schools here have no religion, far different from our case.
Schools Here is a list of the best learning institutions offering aromatherapy courses.
Schools hire candidates.
Schools hire single candidates as well as married teaching teams.
Schools hire teachers.
Schools hire the firm to conduct an internal investigation of alleged violations.
Schools hire varying numbers of interns.
Schools hold assemblies and children do projects.
Schools hold commencement ceremonies for new classes of entering first-year students.
Schools hold cross-country ski races on trails in the eastern region of the park.
Schools hold forensic contests or events that feature formal debates or the delivery of speeches.
Schools hold numerous events during the year, such as plays, concerts, bake sales, and book fairs.
Schools hold spelling bee competitions to encourage children to learn to read .
Schools hold spelling bee competitions to encourage children to learn to read.
Schools hold the responsibility of providing for students' various needs.
Schools identify and publish consistent standards for good work, grade by grade.
Schools identify learning styles to enhance student strengths.
Schools identify the safe place where students practice their anger management skills.
Schools ignore benefits and shortchange faculty and staff.
Schools impact the conditions for successful learning.
Schools impact the quality of life now and in the future.
Schools implement filtering software for many reasons.
Schools implement the new textbook adoption.
Schools impose teaching and destroy learning.
Schools improve as well.
Schools improve but fall farther behind.
Schools include roles.
Schools include tests.
Schools incorporate a wide range of instruments and activities in their local assessment plans.
Schools increase their budgets for quality, on-site professional development.
Schools influence the conditions for success.
Schools inspire a lifetime love of learning.
Schools install fencing around the school yard, keep exterior doors locked, and monitor bathrooms.
Schools install metal detectors.
Schools instill a sense of global awareness.
Schools integrate children with disability into their classes.
Schools integrate curriculum, instruction, and assessment practices.
Schools introduce yearbook sales campaigns.
Schools invest huge amounts of effort and money in teachers, textbooks, equipment, and furnishings.
Schools invite parents to participate in advisory committees.
Schools involve government agencies such as public health and juvenile justice.
Schools involve parents with orientation packets and special activities.
Schools involve students in sporting activities and inter-school sporting meetings.
Schools involved in the tournament, include the initials used.
Schools is listed as an exact string macro.
Schools is our students' social milieu.
Schools is session and many kids are riding their bicycles to a from school.
Schools is tough on everyone.
Schools jeopardize the learning environment.
Schools joining the awards scheme receive an information pack.
Schools just starting a recycling program can learn from pilot programs already in place.
Schools just tend to have a dislike for each other without any rational explanation.
Schools keep a permanent record on each child.
Schools keep changing too.
Schools keep doors open for latch key children.
Schools keep lists of teachers who also tutor.
Schools keep permanent dossiers on students whose loyalty is questioned.
Schools keep records of violent incidents within a school building or on school grounds.
Schools keep records on every student.
Schools keep the equipment for later use.
Schools know better than to discriminate at all.
Schools know it's wise to help.
Schools know their student population best.
Schools know there is the potential to be connected to the whole world.
Schools lack basic infrastructure and supplies, and teachers are under-trained.
Schools lack critical components.
Schools lack equipment and teachers are underpaid.
Schools lack serious programmes to inform teachers, administrative staff or students.
Schools lack the technical staff required for the expensive repair and upkeep of equipment.
Schools lag because they have no funding.
Schools lag in technology.
Schools later use the site to redeem their notes.
Schools lead that list of suburban attractions.
Schools Learn about each of the schools in the district.
Schools Learn about schools, districts, and district boundries.
Schools Learn about the schools in any area.
Schools learn from each other, analyze each others' practice and develop various initiatives.
Schools Learn more about area schools and their districts in Grading Our Schools .
Schools Let's start with our schools.
Schools like to know which applicants really want to be there.
Schools like to see initiative.
Schools like to show off their classroom amplification equipment.
Schools link is at bottom of page.
Schools list to get started.
Schools Locate a massage -training program in either the United States or Canada.
Schools located in farming areas schedule long vacations for harvest time.
Schools located in neighborhoods with high turn over also have more bullying.
Schools located in other states, please call for pricing.
Schools located in rural urban areas provide backdrops rooted in nature, quiet and everchanging.
Schools located in villages save much time and expense.
Schools look at test scores, grades, recommendations, and interviews.
Schools look different from one community to another.
Schools look like armed camps.
Schools Look up a bill by number Three or four digit number, with leading zeroes if necessary.
Schools lose funding Smaller schools are to lose thousands of pounds under new funding rules.
Schools love our site as a reference.
Schools maintain small class sizes to provide individual attention to student needs.
Schools make a difference .
Schools Make a Difference.
Schools make adjustments for gifted students in a variety of ways.
Schools make announcements.
Schools make application to become a mini-site and commitment from the principal is important.
Schools make assessments on the advice of the supervisor and at least two assessors.
Schools make efforts to inform and involve parents .
Schools make efforts to inform and involve parents.
Schools make excellent showcases for displaying the benefits of solar energy.
Schools make hiring, budget and program decisions.
Schools make it difficult for a child to make a mistake.
Schools make little use of effective incentives to achieve desired goals and outcomes.
Schools make many mistakes.
Schools make public their performance tables annually.
Schools make some parents uncomfortable.
Schools make teachers' protected meeting and planning time available in several ways.
Schools make their own determinations about leaving school to travel to the site.
Schools make very attractive targets for deranged domestic gunmen as well as foreign terrorists.
Schools measure well in academic testing.
Schools meet minimal time and curricular conditions.
Schools meet science.
Schools meet secular requirements and abide by church-state limits.
Schools meet the intent and purposes of the programs included on a schoolwide campus.
Schools mirror the collective home of our children.
Schools move from projects and programs to school-wide improvement in teaching and learning.
Schools move through a variety of levels as they achieve more points.
Schools mustdemonstrate to parents the educational potential of the network and itsresources.
Schools mutually agree in advance on the umpires to be used.
Schools named in the lawsuit have mostly low income, mostly minority populations.
Schools nationwide appear to be getting some of the biggest names in the entertainment industry.
Schools nationwide are relatively safe.
Schools needs lot more help to save people's lives, more police and whatever it takes.
Schools neglect gay students Get a youth view on the news.
Schools negotiate with each other for non-conference games.
Schools never pay full cost for our programming.
Schools nominate students and teachers for the program.
Schools nominate students based on the number in the graduating class.
Schools nominate students to participate in the program.
Schools normally have placement counselors, and some maintain job bulletin boards.
Schools normally store assignments and course material for general access.
Schools now can receive student aid applications electronically.
Schools now control their own funding.
Schools now deal with social issues that have long-term, albeit difficult solutions.
Schools now face the challenge of integrating new topics into their curriculum and schedules.
Schools now have a conduit to the business community for technology assistance.
Schools now have a simple way to help improve their local communities.
Schools now have a tool for parental involvement.
Schools now have issues of leadership and character to debate.
Schools now have local school councils to advise the principal.
Schools now have more and more technology.
Schools now have new standards.
Schools now have the opportunity to recognize students for outstanding community cervice.
Schools now have the opportunity to store all of their resources online.
Schools now have the option of sending a student to alternative education before suspension.
Schools now have to find their own methods of raising money.
Schools now have to request additional funds every year, Bourgeois says.
Schools now know they have to provide equal funding.
Schools now specialize in training older workers.
Schools now stress critical thinking, group learning and oral and written presentations.
Schools now understand the challenges of education material procurements.
Schools nowadays provide more than an education to children.
Schools obtain a user number.
Schools obviously have a key role in educating their students against drugs.
Schools obviously have no direct relationship with infants during the first year of life.
Schools occasionally modify requirements in accordance with the applications they receive each year.
Schools offer a flexible work environment - the work schedule is based on the tutor's availability.
Schools offer a potentially ideal channel for communicating a preventive programme.
Schools offer adult education, job training, and social service programs that can benefit parents.
Schools offer clubs, sports, etc.
Schools offer counsel services.
Schools offer courses over the web.
Schools offer curricula, or content, and teaching offers a process for contextualizing that content.
Schools offer different opportunities for distance learners.
Schools offer education in a way that puts students to sleep.
Schools offer education.
Schools offer entry-level skills training focused on specific careers.
Schools offer fewer physical education classes.
Schools offer lessons for hardy first-timers who want to experience sled dog travel.
Schools offer parents training programs so they can work with children on academics.
Schools offer peer mediation and conflict resolution to deal with occasional violence.
Schools offer pressure as well.
Schools offer programs to ensure all students can reach their highest potential.
Schools offer science.
Schools offer services through the single provider system.
Schools offer services.
Schools offer sports programs, clubs, music and other group activities after school hours.
Schools offer students a wide choice of beverages.
Schools offer students credit for one, two, three, or four weeks.
Schools offering MBAs on the Web include some of the most prestigious in the world.
Schools offering such courses also get extra money to spend on materials and computers.
Schools only compete against other schools in the same school size classification.
Schools open a short time, but universities are closed again.
Schools open well into the evenings to privide health care, counseling, and after-school activities.
Schools operate bus systems to transport students to school.
Schools operate in a competitive world.
Schools operate on a schedule.
Schools operate on the credit system.
Schools operate under different rules.
Schools operate within the probation facility.
Schools operate without paper and pencils.
Schools organise several student exchanges per year.
Schools organise their own timetable, and can decide what else to teach their pupils.
Schools ought indeed to try to bring out the best in every child.
Schools ought instead to evaluate students by how they perform tasks that match curriculum goals.
Schools ought to be kept open all day, all year.
Schools ought to implement zero tolerance of disruptive behavior.
Schools ought to nurture extra-curricular activity.
Schools overreact when they have someone arrested for writing a simple essay.
Schools overseas are much, much more open than Japanese schools.
Schools participate by providing displays and performances.
Schools participate by sending in e-mail messages which are then posted to the project web site.
Schools participate in most programs solely on account of grant money.
Schools participate in parades too.
Schools participate in specific projects with university faculty and students.
Schools participate with poetry, traditional dances etc.
Schools participating in the choice program say the demand is there for more seats.
Schools participating in the coalition each play a vital role in the Dayton community.
Schools participating in the program have a unique focus in addition to a core curriculum.
Schools participating in the regional bowl pay their own expenses to the regional competition.
Schools pay at the same rate as full members.
Schools pay attention when they are publicly compared to other schools.
Schools pay Mad Science to teach programs.
Schools pay nothing to sign up, and there are no price markups for the customers.
Schools pay only for the cost of the circuits.
Schools pay only the artist's performance fees.
Schools pay part of that price.
Schools pay students directly at least once a month.
Schools pay the placement fees.
Schools pay the university to cover the grad student stipend.
Schools personalize the system by adding their own materials and more.
Schools place far too much importance on academic achievement.
Schools plan their own menus the first two weeks of school.
Schools plan to inform the borrower of their prior lender for subsequent loans.
Schools planning special activities can enter their details in a special on-line form.
Schools play a central role in promoting active, safe and sustainable lifestyles to young people.
Schools play a central role in the development of the minority communities.
Schools play a fundamental role in the communities' response to violence prevention.
Schools play a major part and it's mainly to do the work load.
Schools play a major role here.
Schools play a part in the learning process with sex education.
Schools play a primary nurturing and socializing role in an increasingly complex world.
Schools play a role in promoting values.
Schools play a significant role in the lives of children and their families.
Schools play a vital role in educating youth about the harmful effects of drugs.
Schools play an important role as well.
Schools play an important role in connecting students with mental health professionals.
Schools play an important role in educating young people to take an active role as citizens.
Schools play an important role in their intellectual, social and emotional development.
Schools play an increasingly important role in the distribution of roles within society.
Schools play each other all the time in basketball.
Schools play many roles in society.
Schools play such a huge role.
Schools point right basal children toward left basal skill sets, especially if they are boys.
Schools post job openings for the newly created classrooms.
Schools potentially face an even worse scenario.
Schools pour money into a virtual black hole.
Schools prefer job applicants with experience.
Schools prefer to deal with sexual abuse problems internally.
Schools prepare children for citizenship in a democratic society.
Schools prepare students to be creative thinkers, problem solvers, and effective communicators.
Schools prepare students to be productive in an increasingly technological society.
Schools prepare students to compete in a global economy.
Schools prepare students to participate productively in the business, civic, and economic community.
Schools present a challenge for pest management.
Schools present the best option for learning all aspects of taxidermy in a hands-on environment.
Schools presently have control over a significant portion of their local school budget.
Schools produce myths upon which an economic society depends.
Schools produce rich historical records.
Schools produce so many eggs that the ocean bottom is covered in herring eggs.
Schools promote competitiveness.
Schools promote self-esteem by passing students to grades for which they are unprepared.
Schools promote teaming and collaboration to enable adults to see their role in the change process.
Schools propose big increases in student fee s .
Schools provide a flexible learning environment for students of all ages.
Schools provide a full range of academic and recreational activities.
Schools provide a list of degrees and sample curriculum information for each degree.
Schools provide a ready made audience and physicians give an air of authority to any program.
Schools provide a real and positive secondary family setting for many.
Schools provide a safe and secure environment.
Schools provide a safe, non-threatening environment that is conducive to teaching and learning.
Schools provide a single point of access to services in a familiar, non-threatening atmosphere.
Schools provide a teacher, classroom, an Internet connection, and other equipment, including PCs.
Schools provide a unique opportunity to improve health care for Texas children.
Schools provide a venue and an opportunity to identify young people who are potentially at risk.
Schools provide a vital opportunity to educate youth about specific health issues.
Schools provide a wide-range of academic opportunities, as well as support services.
Schools provide an ideal setting, but school districts are often reluctant to get involved.
Schools provide an integrated curriculum.
Schools provide as many resources as they can.
Schools provide background, parents provide values.
Schools provide children with peer counseling and cooperative learning experiences.
Schools provide clear rules and consequences.
Schools provide denominational religious teaching.
Schools provide diverse and multifaceted programs which meet the individual needs of students.
Schools provide email accounts to their affiliates.
Schools provide experience.
Schools provide facilities and collaborate to improve academic performance.
Schools provide free curriculum and assistance to home schoolers.
Schools provide information about ways parents can help their children with homework.
Schools provide information.
Schools provide Internet services free of charge to students.
Schools provide Internet-connected computers and teaching time.
Schools provide large facilities to give students access to the internet.
Schools provide learning and recreation activities after school hours.
Schools provide parents many options for learning about their child's progress.
Schools provide parents with health, safety and education information.
Schools provide paths.
Schools provide programs and resources to enable all community members to be lifelong learners.
Schools provide resources that support parents as active participants in their children's learning.
Schools provide school lunches every day.
Schools provide sex education and physical education.
Schools provide social services to students and their families .
Schools provide social services to students and their families.
Schools provide some services themselves, and arranged for other services by community agencies.
Schools provide space and equipment.
Schools provide space and staff to assist with programming.
Schools provide space for some activities.
Schools provide space, furniture and a phone line.
Schools provide spaces for other childhood needs deemed worthy of nurturing.
Schools provide special education services to special students .
Schools provide special education services to special students.
Schools provide students with a framework for moral and ethical decision making.
Schools provide students.
Schools provide the academic environment.
Schools provide the conditions that promote success.
Schools provide the natural center for such community collaboration.
Schools provide their own means of promoting factionalization or the formation of cliques .
Schools provide their students with some kind of world view.
Schools provide theoretically informed teaching on numerous topics.
Schools provide tools necessary for learning.
Schools provide transportation and sponsors.
Schools Provides information on the number of schools in Pennsylvania.
Schools providing transportation for summer activities is a local option.
Schools publish directory information in yearbooks, play programs and so forth.
Schools publish their closing date for applications or deadline in their catalogs.
Schools publish their progress and engage the community in dialogue about continuous improvement.
Schools publish tuition and fee information in their admission materials.
Schools purchase less-expensive PCs at larger discounts than businesses do.
Schools push parents' role.
Schools qualify by having a substantial number of children who qualify for free and reduced lunches.
Schools qualify for the program based on socioeconomic demographics.
Schools question the benefits of tracking.
Schools raise their own money to fund the students' trip to Washington.
Schools range from elementary to college level.
Schools ranging from preschool to high school are all in the neighborhood as is a church.
Schools rank high.
Schools rank well and have a good reputation.
Schools ranking higher on the list tend to have smaller enrollments.
Schools Reach out to educators, the high schools and vocational schools.
Schools reach out to non-traditional students.
Schools realize the expenses can pile up.
Schools really do work best when they work in partnership with the entire community.
Schools receive a base amount for every regular education student.
Schools receive a confirmation letter when the amount owed has been paid in full.
Schools receive a large trophy with names and years of winners.
Schools receive a plaque.
Schools receive a specific amount of money for each student.
Schools receive a specific dollar amount per child present.
Schools receive about equal amounts of funding from state and local taxes.
Schools receive an educational discount.
Schools receive an extensive study-guide for the show.
Schools receive attention.
Schools receive data about how their students did individually and by grade level.
Schools receive educational materials, and students earn valuable prizes.
Schools receive federal funds for all student breakfasts.
Schools receive free televisions and satellite equipment for their participation in the program.
Schools receive funding to ensure that computers and networks are installed at the schools.
Schools receive funds on a per pupil basis.
Schools receive government funding based on how many students they have.
Schools receive government funding for each such place they fill.
Schools receive government funding, as well as tax exemptions and many other privileges.
Schools receive group discounts, and an optional post-show discussion with theatre professionals.
Schools receive individual site results.
Schools receive literally hundreds of applications per year.
Schools receive millions of dollars every year through competitive grant processes.
Schools receive no points for the broken cartridges.
Schools receive raw, real time satellite data that they turn into images on their PCs.
Schools receive reimbursement for each meal served.
Schools receive reimbursement for snacks served to students.
Schools receive scores in each subject.
Schools receive several hundred extra dollars for each student in a bilingual class.
Schools receive several instructional materials, including audio and video tapes.
Schools receive small stipends to cover hosting expenses.
Schools receive student stanine and percentile rank data for each subtest administered.
Schools receive the award for a five-year period.
Schools receive the award for a four-year period.
Schools receive the bulk of the subvention funds and the assessments of allocated costs.
Schools receive the following discounted rate on visits and workshops.
Schools receive the program at no charge.
Schools receive their budget in a single lump sum.
Schools receive their donations twice a year, and funds accumulate all year long.
Schools receive two general grants per calendar year.
Schools receive two rankings.
Schools receiving the displaced are extremely over-crowded, and many are now running two shifts.
Schools recruit and train the children.
Schools reflect and reinforce inequalities found elsewhere in our society.
Schools reflect culture, mainly the culture of the dominant society.
Schools reflect the culture of the time.
Schools reflect the greater community that they serve.
Schools reflect the shared commitment of the total school community.
Schools reflect their communities and vice versa.
Schools refuse to recognize any child as having a soul.
Schools register for sponsorship online.
Schools register for the lottery via mail, fax and e-mail.
Schools register names of teachers with our center as authorized borrowers.
Schools regularly give the toughest assignments to the newest recruits.
Schools rely far too much on long-term bilingual education, especially in lower grades.
Schools rely on communication to keep their organization running smoothly.
Schools rely on the naivete of parents.
Schools remain accountable for the manner in which resources are used.
Schools remain closed.
Schools remain eligible up to four years after being removed from the list.
Schools remain one of the safest places for children.
Schools remain open as well and churchgoes remain unaffected too.
Schools remain open during strong wind signals and thunderstorm warnings.
Schools remain OPEN even though transportation services have been cancelled .
Schools remain open.
Schools remain the county's single biggest expense.
Schools reopen in Kanawha County.
Schools report a reduction in violence and an improved atmosphere for learning.
Schools report presence.
Schools report record enrollments.
Schools report that assessment is more authentic when it includes people from outside of the school.
Schools report tremendous success with the program.
Schools request Canadian teachers.
Schools request short-term consultations on current curricular challenges.
Schools request the week-long course, which is taught onsite.
Schools require a minimum GPA to play, and hold athletes to a strict code.
Schools require advance written notice.
Schools require assistive technology to be a necessity for the child's education.
Schools require coaches.
Schools require essays, and they each have to be different.
Schools require head coaches.
Schools require maintenance and modernization.
Schools require order.
Schools require proof of residency for admission.
Schools require signed waivers from students and parents to protect against liability issues.
Schools require strong, capable leaders to be effective.
Schools require students go to the library for 'purposeful research' only.
Schools require surfaces.
Schools require that the assistive device or service be necessary for the child s education.
Schools require the best technological tools available for all students and teachers.
Schools require they go to the library for 'purposeful research' only.
Schools reserve the right to verify information provided by all financial aid recipients.
Schools respond by lowering the relative skill of teachers and raising teacher quantity.
Schools respond to gangs and violence.
Schools respond to the needs of society.
Schools retain a predetermined amount of money for each sponsorship banner sold.
Schools retain control.
Schools retain the right to grant forgiveness to their degree-candidates.
Schools return forms completed by kindergarten teachers.
Schools return year after year.
Schools returning surveys by the first cycle deadline receive their CSS campus profiles.
Schools review textbooks and make selections.
Schools risk financial fines for non-reporting or delinquent reporting of campus crime statistics.
Schools routinely exclude special education students from schoolwide standardized testing.
Schools routinely request restoration of eligibility.
Schools run by the minority religions usually give priority to their co-religionists.
Schools run for three consecutive days with an hour instruction per day.
Schools run from small and friendly to large and businesslike.
Schools run only in the mornings and evenings so that children can work on household or farm chores.
Schools run some programs themselves and others are sponsored by schools or school districts.
Schools run throughout the year.
Schools save money because their socail security matching requirement is reduced.
Schools save money by hiring fewer teachers when they maintain large classes.
Schools say grads from a range of classes are coming back for help.
Schools schedule regular open houses during the year, as well as parent-teacher conferences.
Schools scheduling home visits for third-year students as well are now quite rare.
Schools score low to middling, a few high.
Schools scoring above goals get financial rewards.
Schools scramble to find fill-ins.
Schools search for alternatives.
Schools search for students that fit their criteria.
Schools search out different curricula in hope of success.
Schools See all of our schools and where they are.
Schools see bond hopes in Prop.
Schools See separate section - Schools Find help, report problems, and contribute information.
Schools See table below .
Schools see the effort to help Asian students as worthwhile - culturally and financially.
Schools see themselves as the only avenue of socialization of children.
Schools seek our students.
Schools seeking access to the Internet can choose from several possible stages of connectivity.
Schools seeking access to the Internet can choose one of several possible stages of connectivity.
Schools seem headed in a similar direction.
Schools seem more dedicated to sneaker companies than anyone else.
Schools seem MUCH more unsafe today.
Schools seem to agree.
Schools seem to be changing all the time.
Schools seem to be micro-managed by a few parents in the district.
Schools seem to behave just like students.
Schools seem to have little trouble marketing the bonds, particularly to their own constituencies.
Schools seem to have little trouble setting goals for themselves.
Schools seem to have low priority in the county.
Schools seem to have their own notion of literacy.
Schools select a time period for a fundraisier and students start selling.
Schools select online courses for several reasons.
Schools select their own teams.
Schools select to participate in either loan program.
Schools select, sort, and distribute students into various roles.
Schools sell gift certificates for the local businesses and keep a percentage of the total sales.
Schools seriously underprice the product by charging too little tuition.
Schools serve as a center for information access.
Schools serve as community learning centers.
Schools serve as information centers for the community.
Schools serve communities.
Schools serve each individual child and the community.
Schools serve students.
Schools serving middle-class, white children provide a richer and more balanced education.
Schools serving the area are some of the best in the country.
Schools share resources nationally and internationally.
Schools shortchange students by providing fewer counselors.
Schools show an interest in the hobby and ask for help in running small projects.
Schools show individual students.
Schools show students.
Schools sign a three-year contract.
Schools similarly have the option of undertaking self-guided visits to the Garden.
Schools similarly provide too little challenge for the development of extraordinary minds.
Schools simply have to learn to become more disciplined.
Schools situated in Taipei always have a much better chance at luring good students.
Schools speak for themselves.
Schools spend a lot of money on electricity and other energy uses.
Schools spend fortunes on enormous catalogs of programs, each of which imparts one lesson.
Schools spend money frivolously, i.e. trips to Big Mountain, sports, etc.
Schools spend more time and money to teach students with limited English skills.
Schools spend quite a bit of their moneys on educational resources.
Schools spend their money wisely.
Schools spend thousands replacing walls and ceilings because of molds.
Schools spend thousands to investigate improper contact of agents and players.
Schools spend too much time on regulations and procedures.
Schools sponsor events.
Schools sponsor the official state religion of humanism.
Schools spray on a weekly basis in cafeterias, and almost as frequently in other school areas.
Schools spread communicable diseases, viruses, bacteria, parasites like head lice.
Schools stand empty.
Schools start adapting military technology for classroom use.
Schools start to connect Internet, but filtering soft is recommended.
Schools starve for paper and pencils, let alone computers.
Schools stay open if two feet of snow falls overnight but close for the opening of hunting season.
Schools still do that.
Schools still fare poorly in terms of academic achievement.
Schools still lack basic amenities.
Schools still operate on the same hours as they did in the pre-industrial age.
Schools still pay the coach and build the stadium or gym.
Schools still try to scare students with visions of rampant deforestation.
Schools stipulate the loan disbursement dates.
Schools strive to match appropriate student candidates with participating employers.
Schools structure their own environment around the vision they have for society at large.
Schools struggle to balance institutional integrity and athletic excellence.
Schools struggle to provide even basic skills in reading and math.
Schools struggle with even more standardized tests.
Schools struggle with shufting ethnic balance.
Schools study effects.
Schools submit a claim to their state agency for meals served.
Schools submit applications.
Schools submit art.
Schools submit job listings on the site via a job ad builder form.
Schools submit proposals through their districts to the state education agency for consideration.
Schools subscribe at lower rates, depending on amount of access wanted.
Schools succeed through a combination of good leadership, good teaching and teamwork by all staff.
Schools suffer and our children suffer.
Schools suffer because they rush to fill a certified staff vacancy.
Schools support and expand the teaching ministry of the church.
Schools support lots of drug and alcohol education but do little about dieting.
Schools support the program with donations and a small fee, which can be waved.
Schools swim in money, but produce illiterate students.
Schools take a break.
Schools take a serious look at P.E. class .
Schools take actions.
Schools take classroom learning one step further.
Schools take intimidation seriously.
Schools take pride in that.
Schools take students for outings and lessons in history.
Schools take subjects apart.
Schools Take the plunge and attend a waterski school.
Schools teach body literacy even more poorly than they do anything else.
Schools teach education more than they teach learning.
Schools teach ideas.
Schools teach ignorance.
Schools teach in even more minority languages.
Schools teach in Farsi, and government agencies communicate in it.
Schools teach information that can be tested.
Schools teach our children to conform and perform.
Schools teach souls that they are simply a function, a training.
Schools teach students.
Schools teach the traditional use of language, including fixed spelling, plain English and grammar.
Schools teach value-free education.
Schools teach values every day, by design or default.
Schools teach values everyday by design or default.
Schools teach values One way or another, the kids are going to learn something in school.
Schools teaching dental technology offer some teaching positions for experienced technicians.
Schools tell parents their job is to teach academics.
Schools tend to be formal and for the young.
Schools tend to be still in a community, separating the pure spirit of local, normative orthodoxy.
Schools tend to behind the times because of basic finances.
Schools tend to develop their own personalities.
Schools tend to emphasize success and thereby undermine learning.
Schools tend to experience periods of stability, followed by spurts of activity.
Schools tend to have first dibs on used computers.
Schools tend to respond with handwringing, saying there is little they can do.
Schools tend to specialize, and some companies want that.
Schools tend to teach mechanics and science more than values.
Schools then communicate with each other to set up either project or keypal exchanges.
Schools then send an inventory of chemicals to be removed by our contractor.
Schools then submit nomination materials to their state education department.
Schools then use the answers to match students with similar habits.
Schools then work to try to accommodate such requests.
Schools There are good public schools in the area.
Schools There are many schools dedicated to the studies of graphic design.
Schools There are many schools to chose from.
Schools There are sixteen public schools and two private schools in Jackson County.
Schools threatened by council plan Links to more Scotland stories are at the foot of the page.
Schools thrive in areas with lots of property to tax.
Schools top the list, but nonprofits are also hungry for boxes.
Schools traditionally respect the family structure as far as possible.
Schools traditionally respond slowly to innovation.
Schools train our future doctors, mechanics, engineers, police officers, etc.
Schools transmit cultural norms and values to each new generation.
Schools treat children more like adults today, as well.
Schools treat students as if they are homebound and are counted as present in their home schools.
Schools try to avoiding hiring teachers in the fall, when the selection is limited.
Schools try to balance openness and safety.
Schools try to deliver kindergartners as close as possible to their homes.
Schools try to establish an atmosphere of democracy in the classroom.
Schools try to field both a boys' varsity and a girls' varsity squad.
Schools try to field both boys' varsity and girls' varsity squad.
Schools try to hold fire drills when the weather is good.
Schools try to meet students' special needs.
Schools turn people away because of lack of capacity.
Schools turn their backs with kids smoking out front.
Schools turn to web to prepare students for high-stakes testing.
Schools typically charge a range of other fees in addition to admission and development fees.
Schools typically decide by majority whether to implement.
Schools typically employ one to three counselors, depending on the grade level.
Schools typically generate reams of data for routine reports to state agencies.
Schools typically have codes of conduct which govern student behavior at school and on field trips.
Schools typically organize courses around subjects like art or mathematics.
Schools typically request three or four letters of recommendation.
Schools typically turn to student fees or donations to fund union expansions.
Schools typically wait one year or longer.
Schools use a formula based on a flat amount for each building plus an allottment per student.
Schools use a half-million bullfrogs annually in biology courses.
Schools use a number of factors in deciding who gets admitted.
Schools use a variety of criteria to select students to participate in the conference.
Schools use a variety of methods to create time for professional development.
Schools use additional resources to build upon existing programs, as well as to launch new programs.
Schools use advanced technology for all students and teachers to improve education .
Schools use advanced technology for all students and teachers to improve education.
Schools use aggregate score reports for analysis.
Schools use computers for many things.
Schools use current technology to support teaching and learning.
Schools use different methods to display their names.
Schools use hundreds of processes, and each takes up valuable administrative and employee time.
Schools use many strategies and ap-proaches to make learning relevant for students.
Schools use many strategies and approaches to make learning relevant for students.
Schools use our couches when an ill feeling child needs to rest.
Schools use our name as a referral and the testimonies of the schools who use our service are many.
Schools use plans to create a new facility or revise an existing one.
Schools Use Rankings Too.
Schools use roughly half the number of people that businesses do to support the same number of PCs.
Schools use service learning to provide meaning and context to the information taught.
Schools use staff-student ratios, curriculum planning and class scheduling methods.
Schools use such pesticides for treatment of ants, roaches etc.
Schools use technology to help students learn.
Schools use testing for a variety of reasons.
Schools use tests.
Schools use textbooks.
Schools use the API to create a goal for academic progress for the next year.
Schools use the funds to pay test fees for low-income students.
Schools use the information to determine eligibility for financial aid.
Schools use the Internet as a vast electronic library, with untold possibilities.
Schools use the money to buy any supplies they choose.
Schools use the skills and resources of their business partners in creative ways.
Schools using such devices report substantial increases in attendance.
Schools usurp parental influence by offering meals, child care, food service and values education.
Schools vary a great deal in how they communicate with, work with, and welcome parents.
Schools vary as to the form of the letter as well.
Schools vary as to the number of courses or hours needed.
Schools vary enormously in the quality and quantity of the gifted programs they offer.
Schools vary greatly in what they can offer students.
Schools vary in how much bullying there is and how they deal with it.
Schools vary in personality and style.
Schools vary in size and offer a predominately U.S. based curriculum.
Schools vary in size, services provided, courses offered and student population.
Schools vary in the number of recommendation letters that they require.
Schools vary in the procedures used in mediation.
Schools vary in their approaches, depending on community support, funding, and other factors.
Schools vary in what they ask a child to bring for use at school.
Schools vary on the importance of early application.
Schools vary significantly in the magnitude of track effects on mathematics and verbal achievement.
Schools vary widely in quality of education within any given degree area.
Schools vary widely in terms of curriculum, class size and tuition.
Schools vary widely in the average level of debt of their graduates.
Schools vary widely in the percent of fully qualified teachers.
Schools vary widely in their educational goals and methods.
Schools view parental involvement in other ways.
Schools visit during term time to take advantage of our curriculum based education programme.
Schools volunteer to participate.
Schools welcome .
Schools welcome and respect parental viewpoints, rights, and responsibilities.
Schools welcome any type of program that promotes child safety.
Schools welcome such talks.
Schools welcome the idea, too.
Schools welcome the team of vehicles with great excitement.
Schools Welcome to the parents home page.
Schools Welcome to the staff home page.
Schools win because they can give relevance to the things they teach.
Schools win by avoiding the cumbersome and time-consuming process of filing itemized claims.
Schools wonder how, and whether, to teach character.
Schools work best when they work in partnership with parents and with their community.
Schools work better with schools to make upgrade timing and policy setting easier.
Schools work closely together to ensure progression and smooth transition though each key stage.
Schools work directly with lenders to make pre-disbursement loan adjustments.
Schools work hard to keep underage students from obtaining cigarettes and alcohol.
Schools work hard to teach self-advocacy skills.
Schools work together in many ways, but few share administration, management or governance.
Schools work with community partners to attract students into positive activities.
Schools work with parents in helping students to practice making decisions and self advocacy skills.
Schools wrestle with issues of protection and freedom.
School always comes first.
School always presents tough decisions.
Schools always have fund raisers of some kind going on.
Schools always seem to be the last to know what's really going on in the world.
Schools always welcome new ideas and guests.
Schools frequently provide students with a code of on-line conduct, often called netiquette.
School often turns reading into a chore to be mastered instead of letting it become a pleasure.
Schools often aim to complete construction projects before fall.
Schools often are the mirror for their communities.
Schools often arrange annual obligatory ski days.
Schools often balk at providing intensive services.
Schools often begin there, teaching kids how to deal with clearly defined problems.
Schools often change their websites and web addresses.
Schools often concentrate their recruiting on a certain geographic area of the country.
Schools often congregate around wrecks, pods of baitfish.
Schools often do too, and fancy houses or apartment buildings.
Schools often err on the side of stressing the competitive and private nature of learning.
Schools often fail to answer their questions during the course of instruction.
Schools often fail to ask parents to help, or unintentionally discourage participation.
Schools often fail to provide teachers with consistent training.
Schools often forget what they are already doing well.
Schools often give short courses on the basics, and there are instructional books and Web sites.
Schools often go on to regional competitions, and then national competitions.
Schools often have a variety of activities on their grounds.
Schools often have counselors to help students there.
Schools often have school colors or a school mascot.
Schools often have social workers to help with the problems of children.
Schools often have summer clinics for new students who are entering their systems.
Schools often have testing cycles and administer certain tests at predetermined times.
Schools often have waiting lists.
Schools often import education ideas with a hefty price tag, but without a strong research backing.
Schools often invest their scarce resources in computers without any thought to the curriculum.
Schools often keep copies of old yearbooks in their archives.
Schools often object to testing the child.
Schools often offer such programs or sometimes they are available privately.
Schools often organise projects around stamp collecting.
Schools often provide a list of lenders.
Schools often publicize the average combined score of the applicants they accept.
Schools often raise their passing rates as students are retested.
Schools often recruit an oral transliterator from among their staff.
Schools often require psychological testing to support special accommodations.
Schools often require teachers to teach subjects for which they have little or no preparation.
Schools often scramble to find opportunities for young people.
Schools often sell eight-ounce milk cartons to accompany school lunches.
Schools often sponsor community service days or drives.
Schools often survey alumni or employers who hire their graduates.
Schools often treat teens who are parents or hold full-time jobs with little respect, like children.
Schools often use different types of tests to judge how well students are learning.
Schools sometimes employ turtle necks as part of a uniform.
Schools sometimes end up pressurising the students.
Schools sometimes organize groups for students with special science interests.
Schools sometimes succeed in getting funds from corporations and foundations to install hotlines.
Schools sometimes use different questions.
School usually ends at two in the afternoon which is then followed by a half hour drive home.
Schools usually collaborate with other agencies and services to offer a variety of activities.
Schools usually do have kindergarten classes for five-year old children.
Schools usually have a number of committees which have an objective to achieve.
Schools usually have a specific schedule for sending information home with students.
Schools usually have discretion to suspend or expel students who are caught with drugs.
Schools usually like to see two years of experience though some are now asking for three years.
Schools usually list staff information, homework policies, and a calendar of events.
Schools usually notify the other institutions to which the student has applied.
Schools usually pay far more attention to explanations than to narratives.
Schools usually receive funds for hiring students to work part time.
Schools usually require that students have good grades to play on their sports teams.
Schools usually review applications only when all the required documents have been received.
Schools usually send home information and a sample lunch suggestion.
Schools usually spend the money on sports, clubs and even materials for classes.
All school graduate assistantship awards are merit based.
All school participate and earn points through an objective system.
All school play at the high school.
All schools accept international students.
All schools adjust food preparation techniques to reduce sugar, salt, and fat.
All schools allow students to make choices from the menu.
All schools already have networks installed and running to some degree.
All schools also have administrative and support staff.
All schools also have computer labs and media centers.
All schools also serve breakfast each day.
All schools anticipate being open today.
All schools are accessible to the disabled.
All schools are air-conditioned and feature security systems to discourage vandalism and theft.
All schools are air-conditioned.
All schools are also now eligible to participate in Materials for the Arts.
All schools are balanced and reflect the diversity of the school district.
All schools are below the national average.
All schools are by definition imperfect.
All schools are certainly worthy of recognition.
All schools are closed - all classes are cancelled.
All schools are closed for the day.
All schools are co-eduactional.
All schools are committed to providing services in the least restrictive environment.
All schools are complex organizations and communities.
All schools are currently in session.
All schools are different with diffent populations and cultures.
All schools are different.
All schools are educational institutions.
All schools are eligible for the award.
All schools are eligible to purchase endorsement training.
All schools are eligible to receive funds on the basis of student population.
All schools are eligible.
All schools are exactly the same.
All schools are highly computer-equipped.
All schools are in excellent physical condition having recently been renovated.
All schools are in session and operating for the stipulated number of days in the school year.
All schools are in session and operating for the stipulated number of hours in the school day.
All schools are in session with instruction taking place.
All schools are like their schools, all kids live like they do.
All schools are now under one system.
All schools are on a first come first serve basis.
All schools are on a normal schedule.
All schools are on record saying that they want to internationalize their curricula.
All schools are on the internet.
All schools are open.
All schools are public.
All schools are responsible for their own local transportation.
All schools are student centered and focus on the content areas with strong technology support.
All schools are technologically advanced with full Internet access in both labs and classrooms.
All schools are to audition within their own district.
All schools are to be commended for their efforts.
All schools are to be equipped with necessary voter registration forms at the school offices.
All schools are to be praised for content and organization.
All schools are to have their own mission and ethos.
All schools are under a mandate to improve.
All schools are welcome.
All schools are well equipped and maintained.
All schools arrive and acclimate.
All schools bring snacks that are eaten immediately after arrival and between types of questions.
All schools can accept international students and have their own international student policies.
All schools can and do make a difference in the quality of children's lives.
All schools can benefit from consideration of evidence of good practice.
All schools can have metal detectors, hand held wands, police officers, canine units, etc.
All schools can participate as travellers with some schools also acting as hosts.
All schools can send delegates.
All schools choose their students according to the results of entrance examinations.
All schools compete, with no divisions based on size.
All schools contribute to all division initiatives.
All schools declare the requirement of a degree in their catalogues.
All schools emphasize reading, mathematics, and character education.
All schools encourage active participation both in and out of the classroom.
All schools encourage students to have a basic knowledge of computers.
All schools encourage summer jobs that give experience in forestry or conservation work.
All schools enroll new students and their families every year.
All schools expect a serious applicant to submit materials that are typed, completed, and organized.
All schools face the same problems.
All schools follow a UK curriculum.
All schools follow the district-wide curriculum.
All schools follow the same national curriculum and use the same textbooks.
All schools have a central meeting and recreational area for our students.
All schools have a chance to earn awards.
All schools have a computer lab to handle larger groups.
All schools have a fax machine.
All schools have a hot lunch program.
All schools have a joint virtual meeting place as well as collaboration tools and e-mail facilities.
All schools have a limited number of spaces in their programs.
All schools have a mix of boarding and day pupils.
All schools have a preschool.
All schools have a printer at the circulation station.
All schools have a quasi booth set up to display their information.
All schools have a role to play in promoting more understanding of mixed marriage.
All schools have a web site along with teachers creating their own web pages.
All schools have access to a limited selection of newsgroups.
All schools have access to presentations.
All schools have access to swimming pools.
All schools have alternates waiting to be admitted.
All schools have an adequate number of teachers and support personnel.
All schools have an equal ability to set class size and enrollment targets.
All schools have art and music rooms, designed to allow the creative minds of children to expand.
All schools have assistant coaches.
All schools have at least limited access to the Internet and six have home pages.
All schools have at least one medical statistician, and most now have several.
All schools have at least one multimedia computer per five classrooms.
All schools have at least some information about their programs on the web.
All schools have attendance boundaries.
All schools have cafeteria services.
All schools have central heat and air.
All schools have certain things that meet the needs of certain students.
All schools have common requirements, however, with regard to access and function.
All schools have computer labs because of different historical paths.
All schools have computer labs.
All schools have computers in most classrooms.
All schools have computers, which are used in individual or laboratory settings.
All schools have crisis plans and safety plans that are reviewed annually.
All schools have crisis plans, and safety training is offered.
All schools have different entree selections and vegetable choices.
All schools have dress codes.
All schools have either a drop off box or staff to receive account payments.
All schools have extensive research programmes.
All schools have extensive safety plans, reviewed and revised regularly by educators and parents.
All schools have fiber optic networks and all libraries are automated.
All schools have fine libraries.
All schools have free access to their data and can amend it any way they choose.
All schools have full time principals.
All schools have fund-raising projects of various kinds.
All schools have guidance counselors and media specialists.
All schools have improvement teams.
All schools have internet access, available to students with parental permission.
All schools have Internet access.
All schools have internet capabilities.
All schools have internet capability.
All schools have local area networks.
All schools have lunch and bus transportation programs.
All schools have media labs that provide access to a wide array of resources, across subject areas.
All schools have multimedia computers located in the media center.
All schools have outstanding art and music classes taught by specialists.
All schools have plans in place to protect students.
All schools have players who are full-time students.
All schools have principals and libraries.
All schools have prospectuses which are sent on request.
All schools have rules and regulations that are known and adhered to by both educators and learners.
All schools have school nurses, counselors, psychologists, and social workers to assist students.
All schools have site-based management procedures to ensure adequate staffing for approved programs.
All schools have some computers, and more than three quarters already have some Internet access.
All schools have some type of centre devoted to international students.
All schools have something to offer.
All schools have specific programs with links to the community.
All schools have strengths.
All schools have teachers who can use help with certain health education topics.
All schools have the forms for mediation.
All schools have their own homepages.
All schools have their own modern, well-equipped libraries.
All schools have their own policy and can accept transfer credits from whomever they choose.
All schools have to follow a minimum programme imposed by the state.
All schools have transportation and offer hot lunches.
All schools have unregulated money.
All schools have ways of gathering financial aid for their students.
All schools host a peer review team on a schedule that is consistent with the selected endorsement.
All schools impose segregation of sexes after kindergarten.
All schools involve members of the community .
All schools maintain a closed lunch period which requires all students to remain in the building.
All schools maintain a web site.
All schools make a point of noting that parental involvement helps increase children's achievement.
All schools meet the size requirement.
All schools mentioned are in the Jacksonville, Florida area.
All schools minimally have one dial-up connection for Internet use.
All schools now have access to the Internet.
All schools nowadays are more or less in charge of their own budgets.
All schools offer a formal curriculum that includes coursework in numerous academic areas.
All schools offer a variety of extracurricular sports and cultural activities.
All schools offer a well-balanced, nutritious breakfast and lunch at reasonable prices.
All schools offer a well-coordinated instructional program with the latest in curriculum materials.
All schools offer an academic core of communicative arts, mathematics, science and social studies.
All schools offer an enhanced meal plan lunch.
All schools offer art, instrumental, and vocal music instruction through an approved curriculum.
All schools offer courses in English for international students.
All schools offer graduate level courses.
All schools offer individual courses as well as group courses.
All schools offer religious studies as an optional subject.
All schools offer services for academically gifted students.
All schools offer students nourishing, tasty meals.
All schools operate year round.
All schools participate in the statewide tornado drill each year.
All schools participate in the walk at the same day.
All schools post key information on their websites, and some allow online transactions.
All schools probably wish to have the same perfect outcomes.
All schools provide a breakfast program.
All schools provide a hot meal for children who want it.
All schools provide a very broad range of exciting co-operative education opportunities.
All schools provide activities for children while their parents attend classes.
All schools provide an excellent academic program supplemented by many special programs.
All schools provide four year, full time programs leading to a bachelor degree.
All schools provide one on one instruction for any level beginners through advanced.
All schools receive catalogs of the available programming information.
All schools receiving funds are non-profit organizations.
All schools report student profiles based on the most recent entering class.
All schools require an eighth semester transcript to be sent upon graduation.
All schools require the completion of homework beginning in the primary grades.
All schools require visitor passes and maintain a log of all persons entering the buildings.
All schools require visitors to sign in at the respective main offices.
All schools reserve the right to change the date and format of their practice tournament.
All schools run postgraduate masters and doctorate programmes.
All schools say their professors are accesible to the students.
All schools say their professors are accessible to the students.
All schools send in their collected works containing jokes, puzzles, short stories and more.
All schools serve a nutritious breakfast before the first bell.
All schools serve nutritious lunches and offer a breakfast program.
All schools share a collective pride in student achievement.
All schools start times remain the same.
All schools take the same tests regardless of their size.
All schools teach values.
All schools test their children.
All schools use a computer debit system.
All schools use state-adopted textbooks and materials.
All schools use the facility free of charge.
All schools use the same formula and give about the same aid.
All schools utilize surveillance cameras to monitor activities in and around the facilities.
All schools utilize the server for library applications.
All schools value strong communication skills.
All schools welcome active parental involvement through numerous volunteer opportunities.
All schools work closely with parents and use site-based management.
All schools work with endangered ecosystems.
Any school can be a jolt, however.
Any school can bid for direct classroom support from any member of the team.
Any school can do it.
Any school can establish such a ground station at a surprisingly low cost.
Any school can join.
Any school can log onto the Web site and down-load files.
Any school can participate.
Any school can try to recruit more qualified black students by visiting black high schools.
Any school has about the same problems when it comes to the administrative offices.
Any school has some problem.
Any school hosting an event has the opportunity to have one participation fee waived for that day.
Any school is eligible for it, provided they meet certain criteria.
Any school is fine.
Any school is just as good as the people who work in it.
Any school is welcome to participate.
Any school related topic belongs here.
Any school winning the challenge trophy for three consecutive years, gets to keep it.
Any schools interested in extending their current filmstudy skills can contact Vaughan.
Every school always has one.
Every school already has a safe schools plan.
Every school also has one financial assistant to help the business manager.
Every school can compete in all the above disciplines.
Every school can identify a small number of students who are the most disruptive and dangerous.
Every school does serve a different population that has different needs.
Every school enters any number of two-person teams.
Every school follows a series of steps to address individual student learning needs.
Every school gets a budget to decide how to spend.
Every school gets so many quality-type athletes.
Every school gives tests.
Every school has a board of governors in which parent representatives are in the majority.
Every school has a camera.
Every school has a copy.
Every school has a different level of commitment to it.
Every school has a different system for determining the levels of the students and classes.
Every school has a fat girl.
Every school has a few students who cause problems and a few teachers who are whiners.
Every school has a fight or two.
Every school has a fine gymnasium, but there is no place to train the mind.
Every school has a fire safety plan that involves every member of our school.
Every school has a full-time computer technician and a technology coordinator.
Every school has a governing body.
Every school has a gymnasium or playroom and all classrooms are spacious and well-lit.
Every school has a gymnasium.
Every school has a hatchet or two hanging around.
Every school has a learning culture.
Every school has a legend.
Every school has a list of lists that represents the community and area from a kid's perspective.
Every school has a map of all the bus routes for their boundary.
Every school has a mascot, but most are just in name only.
Every school has a paid parent advocate.
Every school has a patch of ground.
Every school has a perfect girl.
Every school has a philosophy of education.
Every school has a problem with head lice if they do head lice checks.
Every school has a rhythm, hot spots.
Every school has a rugby team now, there's a massive league in Alberta.
Every school has a school planning council.
Every school has a school song.
Every school has a site discipline plan that is aligned with district policies.
Every school has a story.
Every school has a team consisting of parents, school staff, students and community members.
Every school has a videodisc player, purchased at state expense.
Every school has a web site of it's own, and now a person has web sites as well.
Every school has access to distance learning programs and fully computerized media centers.
Every school has all-day kindergarten.
Every school has an active parent organization .
Every school has an advisory council which acts as a watchdog and forwards school improvement ideas.
Every school has an ecological laboratory right outside the door.
Every school has at least one computer center and numerous computers located in various classrooms.
Every school has at least one data projector.
Every school has at least one lab where teachers can conduct whole-class instruction or research.
Every school has at least one resource teacher to serve mildly to moderately handicapped students.
Every school has computer-phobic teachers.
Every school has counseling, social work services, and school psychologists.
Every school has different admission requirements.
Every school has different arts education needs.
Every school has different cut-off scores.
Every school has different facilities.
Every school has different forms and policies regarding financial aid.
Every school has different guidelines as to how a club is started so take that into account.
Every school has high-speed direct access to the Internet.
Every school has Internet access.
Every school has Internet connections in virtually every classroom, media center, and lab.
Every school has negative and positive aspects.
Every school has one or more active parent organizations.
Every school has one.
Every school has room for improvement.
Every school has rules.
Every school has several partners and each partnership between a school and a company is different.
Every school has some known chance of being selected for the sample.
Every school has some space around it, even in dense inner city areas.
Every school has something that makes it one of a kind.
Every school has stereotypes.
Every school has stories to tell.
Every school has strengths and weaknesses.
Every school has teachers who lead or have the potential to lead.
Every school has the capability to retrieve inservice records.
Every school has the option of sending one qualified pupil to the regional competition.
Every school has the option to purchase computers out of site funds.
Every school has the responsibility to teach children the value of a healthful, balanced diet.
Every school has the services of a full time nurse.
Every school has their own model of service delivery.
Every school has their own web page to change the email passwords.
Every school has their own web page to change the forwarding.
Every school has their own web page to change the vacation message.
Every school has unique and exciting programs.
Every school has unique circumstances and needs.
Every school holds their annual sports day in the fall.
Every school is a potential archive of information.
Every school is a training ground, but the middle school is much more fun than that.
Every school is a winner.
Every school is assured of a minimum staff ratio of one instructor for every fifteen students.
Every school is connected to the Internet and most classrooms have Internet connectivity.
Every school is different and faces different challenges.
Every school is different and, therefore, it's hard to have one standard answer.
Every school is different in terms of how they handle student-run clubs.
Every school is different, and every plan is different, but the support is there.
Every school is different, but every school can benefit from becoming a community.
Every school is different.
Every school is encouraged to conduct activities appropriate for their needs and setting.
Every school is entitled to five copies of the directory.
Every school is imperfect and has room for improvement.
Every school is in essence a learning environment.
Every school is organized with both a formal and an informal curriculum.
Every school is provided with staff to help gifted children achieve their program goals.
Every school is requested to designate a parent representative to attend the dialogue.
Every school is required to conduct a self-audit and adopt a new improvement plan annually.
Every school is required to conduct a written assessment of the safety conditions in the school.
Every school is required to have a school improvement plan on file.
Every school is required to have a team.
Every school is required to have a written school emergency and crisis management plan.
Every school is required to maintain a written statement of policy on non-tenure track faculty.
Every school is unique in how computers are physically arranged and accessed by students.
Every school is unique, just as the students they serve.
Every school is wired to the Internet, and reading and math labs are abundant.
Every school loses students, which is difficult for students and financially damaging to schools.
Every school maintains a strict campus supervision plan and an emergency response plan.
Every school makes hiring mistakes.
Every school needs a certified network administrator.
Every school needs a crisis response capability.
Every school needs a mascot.
Every school needs a web-based marketing program.
Every school needs basic security systems and policies that keep outsiders off the property.
Every school needs leaders.
Every school needs media specialists who are technology leaders.
Every school needs someone to get the crowd pumped up.
Every school needs staff to support and maintain technology.
Every school needs to establish a schoolwide program for encouraging independent reading.
Every school offers a different range of subjects at Standard Grade.
Every school offers educational field trips and assemblies.
Every school offers slightly different tracks or areas of interest.
Every school offers some sort of financial aid even at the level of the admissions process.
Every school ought to have one.
Every school probably can lay claim to a similar story.
Every school puts on dramatic productions and the village college was no different.
Every school requires it done a certain way and each wants a different essay.
Every school seems to have a mission .
Every school seems to have a startup career fair.
Every school seems to have sent someone.
Every school sings the praises of how cultural arts bring out the best in our students.
Every school sounds good in an advertising brochure.
Every school treats the handing out of athletic equipment differently.
Every school tries to make time for students to visit with ALTs in extra curricularactivities, too.
Every school uses sporting equipment, and most schools prescribe uniforms.
Every school wants to be the best in leadership and instruction.
Every school wants to win.
Many schools accept children at about the age of three.
Many schools accept electronic applications.
Many schools accept less than twenty percent of applicants.
Many schools admit students into specific labs.
Many schools admit that the lockers are the most common place that bullying takes place.
Many schools advertise the beautiful surroundings and ideal training conditions.
Many schools agree.
Many schools allow aid to be used for study abroad.
Many schools allow students to defer admission for a year.
Many schools allow students to gain some credits for projects that they do on their own.
Many schools allow students to specialize very early.
Many schools allow students who have last period study hall to leave school early.
Many schools already exceed capacity.
Many schools already face shortages of qualified teachers.
Many schools already filter Internet access.
Many schools already have great programs going.
Many schools already have Internet access, and several have their own web sites.
Many schools already have programs on improving race relations and discouraging sexual harassment.
Many schools already have successful teacher-adviser programs in place.
Many schools already have the materials needed.
Many schools already have the software available.
Many schools already have well-established organic gardens.
Many schools already involve children in pen pal exchange projects.
Many schools already possess many of the key elements required to make smart use of the new tools.
Many schools already use the hostel as a base for an activity week in conjunction with the centre.
Many schools also ask for teacher recommendations as well.
Many schools also demand a year of college mathematics and English.
Many schools also have aerobics classes, in which the group does exercises to music.
Many schools also have information available on their websites.
Many schools also have one or more classes covering computer applications for legal assistants.
Many schools also have rape crisis lines which can be called on campus.
Many schools also have strong sports teams in which students take pride.
Many schools also have the form for veterans use.
Many schools also have tuition assistance and scholarship programs.
Many schools also have websites.
Many schools also lack access to usable outdoor space or athletic facilities.
Many schools also lack the materials needed to conduct meaningful experiments.
Many schools also look for coursework in behavioral science and in the humanities.
Many schools also offer a healthy CD stipend.
Many schools also offer a la carte items and breakfast.
Many schools also offer advanced degree programs.
Many schools also offer after school tutoring programs and remedial summer school classes.
Many schools also offer after-school athletic programs, beginning in the elementary schools.
Many schools also offer career services for alumnae.
Many schools also offer certificate programs or other forms of continuing education credit.
Many schools also offer counseling for students.
Many schools also offer credits for such internships.
Many schools also offer extracurricular sports to students.
Many Schools also offer other scholarships and bursaries to postgraduate students.
Many schools also offer several travel or exchange opportunities to students.
Many schools also offer several travel or exchange opportunities to the students.
Many schools also provide a special orientation session for international students.
Many schools also provide counseling for students who are facing personal struggles.
Many schools also recommend a second treatment.
Many schools also recycle aluminum.
Many schools also require a courses in legal writing and legal research.
Many schools also require a personal interview.
Many schools also require a subject test.
Many schools also require a year of college English and college math.
Many schools also require copies of annual federal tax returns to verify financial information.
Many schools also require courses in legal writing and legal research.
Many schools also require courses in statistics, economics,and anatomy and physiology.
Many schools also require one year of Math and English.
Many schools also require proof of financial support.
Many schools also run their own race teams and offer complete arrive and drive packages.
Many schools also serve breakfast, the most important meal of the day.
Many schools also use a screening tool to determine readiness for kindergarten or preschool.
Many schools also use helmets.
Many schools also use our patented process.
Many schools also utilize the staff development component of the program.
Many schools anchor small towns.
Many schools appoint a seasoned teacher to serve in that role.
Many schools are able to offer several special-focus subjects.
Many schools are afraid to teach controversial things especially in elementary and high schools.
Many schools are already above capacity and several are reaching the critical overcrowding stage.
Many schools are already open before class- time.
Many schools are concerned about connectivity and having internet access that is fast and reliable.
Many schools are especially concerned about footwear, for safety reasons.
Many schools are full and forced to turn away students.
Many schools are generous in handing out incentive slips to students following expectations.
Many schools are in the process of installing major new adminstrative information systems.
Many schools are in the process of setting up filtered or monitored email accounts for student use.
Many schools are in the process of updating their policy manuals.
Many schools are in the same position.
Many schools are in unsafe buildings that failed local fire and health inspections.
Many schools are including bus travel as an important life skill for students with special needs.
Many schools are interested in aesthetic education.
Many schools are just minutes away from campus, or on the bus route.
Many schools are just too conservative to allow a naturist group.
Many schools are literally, physically falling apart.
Many schools are members of several conferences in various sports.
Many schools are notoriously homophobic environments.
Many schools are now online.
Many schools are old and have high maintenance and repair costs.
Many schools are old and overcrowded.
Many schools are overcrowded because there are so many children in Vietnam.
Many schools are run-down and demand renovation.
Many schools are still poorly equipped and overcrowded.
Many schools are unable or unwilling to adapt.
Many schools are unable to provide the technology needed to support engaged learning.
Many schools are unable to release staff for training due to insufficient funds.
Many schools are unable to sponsor the Grad Break Escape for different reasons.
Many schools are very nervous of it.
Many schools are well prepared to cope with children with asthma.
Many schools are willing to host a group class at any time during the year.
Many schools are willing to integrate technology but are struggling to do so effectively.
Many schools are willing to reconsider their first offer, especially for a student they really want.
Many schools are within walking distance.
Many schools are without boundary walls, roofs, running water, or usable latrines.
Many schools are without desks, pencils, books and, in some cases, roofs.
Many schools arrange work experience for secondary students as part of career education programs.
Many schools ask children to bring a snack during testing week.
Many schools ask that parents sign forms to confirm that children are reading at home.
Many schools ban the cards from school grounds and activities.
Many schools blame the size and cost of football for their unbalanced programs.
Many schools boast that they have three or more computers in each classroom.
Many schools bring several teams.
Many schools bring to campus athletes unprepared for college work.
Many schools build up a collection of old examination extracts over time.
Many schools buy memberships for their students.
Many schools buy some of both to outfit their classrooms.
Many schools buy the software to train their staff and faculty.
Many schools can afford to be quite selective.
Many schools can barely afford paper and computers are more than a luxury.
Many schools can help students find low cost housing near the school campus.
Many schools can point to alums who have done well in TV and radio news.
Many schools can use an extra hard at running a lab or lecturing to a senior class.
Many schools carry similar sets for their chemistry curriculum.
Many schools charge an additional fee for each belt test.
Many schools charge athletics for use of school vehicles.
Many schools charge interest if the tuition payments are spread out over a period of months.
Many schools charge students fees in varying degrees.
Many schools choose overnight trips lasting two to five days at camp.
Many schools choose specific tests to identify students with gifts and talents.
Many schools choose to buy an item, say a video monitor, for each room.
Many schools choose to have a technology project contest of some sort.
Many schools choose to have their students complete journals while they are here.
Many schools choose to run a sleep away seminar at a retreat center out of the city.
Many schools choose to take it in a wet lunch hour or a spare period.
Many schools cobble together teaching materials from other countries.
Many schools combine grade levels.
Many schools concentrate on day sailing, with lodging in a hotel at night.
Many schools concentrate on earlier or later African-American history.
Many schools conduct their own form of verification.
Many schools conduct their own unofficial presidential elections.
Many schools conduct their own verification.
Many schools continue to assign a research report at the freshmen level in high school.
Many schools create their own templates to satisfy local needs.
Many schools currently seek permission and pay fees to use videotapes for distance learning.
Many schools decide to go beyond classroom education and put their new knowledge to the test.
Many schools demand that students wear blue dress pants and white shirts for boys.
Many schools discourage their students from taking on an assistantship during their first year.
Many schools discuss the psychological aspects of learning, as well.
Many schools distribute the prizes at a special time, like the end of year assembly.
Many schools do have rules about tunnels.
Many schools do rent their facilities from churches or schools or businesses.
Many schools do require courses in areas such as mathematics and chemistry.
Many schools do two-year combinations.
Many schools do what they can to make the cleaning staff feel part of the family.
Many schools do.
Many schools draw on broad groups of students.
Many schools employ an assistant dean for research or have a central office.
Many schools employ armed guards, and utilize metal detectors.
Many schools even grant college credits for military training and experience.
Many schools even offer e-mail accounts to the faculty for school use.
Many schools exceed their commitment.
Many schools expect a point increase on the second test due to familiarity with the format.
Many schools face inferior competition throughout the year.
Many schools fall into the trap of over-allocating funds for hardware.
Many schools feel like they are being forced to jump through State hoops.
Many schools fill their first year class before the official application deadline.
Many schools find connections through universities, freenets, and community or state services.
Many schools find that after-school, evening, or weekend events pay off.
Many schools find that most of the participants are actually heterosexual.
Many schools focus on teachers who are doing great things with technology.
Many schools gain access through local universities and others turn to commercial providers.
Many schools gather data.
Many schools generally state that they consider all of the criteria as a combination.
Many schools get an early start and have had a speaker each month for a different career topic.
Many schools give credit to the vigilance of their teachers.
Many schools give pre-tests in the fall.
Many schools go to great lengths to tie the community bond even tighter.
Many schools graduate thousands of prospective teachers each year.
Many schools have a classroom set up with multiple computers with a connection to the Internet.
Many schools have a clothes closet.
Many schools have a community service requirement for their students.
Many schools have a completely separate discipline for anthropology.
Many schools have a half day holiday and schoolchildren wear national costume.
Many schools have a magic number they look for in applicants.
Many schools have a minimum grade point average for internships.
Many schools have a number of sporting activities such as golf or horse riding.
Many schools have a participation fee for sports.
Many schools have a police officer on the grounds.
Many schools have a policy manual.
Many schools have a proud tradition of organizing community outreach activities.
Many schools have a short break now while the teachers are marking exams.
Many schools have a single review.
Many schools have a social worker half-time or once a week.
Many schools have a solid neighborhood base from which to draw volunteers.
Many schools have a spring application deadline for fall admission.
Many schools have a standard form already prepared.
Many schools have a standard form for parents to sign to allow photos to be put on a web site.
Many schools have a summer and winter uniform.
Many schools have a supplementary application with additional essays and -further questions.
Many schools have a tax base too low to fix their schools.
Many schools have a unique profile.
Many schools have a variety of styles.
Many schools have a weekly school-wide assembly.
Many schools have access to information-based networks.
Many schools have access to the Internet for administration purposes.
Many schools have accommodation conveniently located on or near their campuses.
Many schools have additional common studies novels.
Many schools have additional requirements.
Many schools have after school care programs.
Many schools have already statistical packages, and they are very useful for statistical analyses.
Many schools have an application on-line.
Many schools have an emphasis on service learning through direct correlation with coursework.
Many schools have an extended day program where children come to school early or leave late.
Many schools have an internet directory in addition to the printed version.
Many schools have an unofficial reputation for tolerating bullying.
Many schools have and a simple summer uniform of grey shirt and shorts for the summer.
Many schools have assistant principals who help principals with school administration.
Many schools have big dances.
Many schools have bonuses for publishing.
Many schools have cameras aimed at entrances.
Many schools have cameras for students to use.
Many schools have chess clubs that meet after school.
Many schools have classroom pets - a rat, hamster, fish or frog.
Many schools have classroom pets - a rat, rabbit, hamster, fish or frog.
Many schools have clubs that deal with everything from ecology to computers to chess.
Many schools have codes of conducts, which ask for living wage and independent monitoring.
Many schools have community education programs for general interest and craft courses.
Many schools have compulsory weekly church services.
Many schools have computer labs.
Many schools have counselors who are trained to help kids who feel sad or frustrated.
Many schools have dedicated rooms.
Many schools have different aged buildings and portables.
Many schools have different colors or styles for the boys and girls.
Many schools have discipline management systems.
Many schools have diverse student bodies.
Many schools have extensive hardware and software resources and are linked to the Internet.
Many schools have extra aid available, even for guest students.
Many schools have extra-large mattresses.
Many schools have food stations offering Italian or Mexican cuisine, salad bars and vegetarian fare.
Many schools have ghosts.
Many schools have grants for athlete s.
Many schools have honors advisers and programs.
Many schools have improper sanitary facilities for the students.
Many schools have information about financial aid on their websites.
Many schools have it.
Many schools have language institutes where foreign students study English.
Many schools have later deadlines.
Many schools have limited connectivity between electronic resources.
Many schools have limited space and like to have as many students as possible attend a presentation.
Many schools have links to educational sites that are useful to students, parents, even teachers.
Many schools have logos .
Many schools have logos.
Many schools have major contamination problems with molds.
Many schools have more than one adopter.
Many schools have more than one team.
Many schools have music departments with a variety of vocal ensembles.
Many schools have music programs specifically for children.
Many schools have nearly identical text.
Many schools have newsletters that reach all students.
Many schools have newspapers, yearbooks, newsletters, or radio stations that accept interns.
Many schools have no chairs or desks, even for the teacher.
Many schools have no fencing.
Many schools have no imposed time limits on when general education courses are taken.
Many schools have no music programs of any sort.
Many schools have none.
Many schools have on-site before and after school care.
Many schools have open days, and a personal appointment is sometimes possible.
Many schools have opportunities to obtain doctorates in a few or wide variety of fields.
Many schools have orientation sessions.
Many schools have orientation.
Many schools have other regular structures as well.
Many schools have other software to support early literacy available, including electronic books.
Many schools have other specific requirements.
Many schools have outdoor tracks they open to the public after school hours and on weekends.
Many schools have parent rooms where parents can convene to work on projects for the school.
Many schools have partnerships with such programs.
Many schools have phone numbers to call to get help with homework.
Many schools have plans that are outdated and narrow in focus.
Many schools have policies against letting kids test their blood in class.
Many schools have policies on bullying.
Many schools have policies which address gang problems.
Many schools have policies, which address gang problems.
Many schools have pre-majors and major changes within the first two years are very easy.
Many schools have primitive telephone systems.
Many schools have priority awarding dates.
Many schools have priority deadlines after which federal money begins to be dispersed.
Many schools have private scholarship funds earmarked for minority students.
Many schools have programs available to help children with special needs.
Many schools have programs that team one child with one adult.
Many schools have programs to help students find individual or group volunteer assignments.
Many schools have public service programs, class trips and exchange programs.
Many schools have reading teachers at the middle-school level.
Many schools have regular tours and open houses.
Many schools have reports and websites and information out there.
Many schools have resources for the returning student.
Many schools have rolling admission, meaning applicants are accepted on an ongoing basis.
Many schools have schedules that allow for full or part-time work.
Many schools have scholarship programs for returning and non-traditional students.
Many schools have several other electronic books available in their media centers.
Many schools have some additional specific requirements.
Many schools have special arrangements for non-traditional age learners.
Many schools have specific admission portfolio requirements that are stated right in the catalog.
Many schools have sponsored a home or homes by themselves, others have combined forces to build.
Many schools have strict requirements.
Many schools have strict security arrangements.
Many schools have strong men or women's rugby clubs, but few have both.
Many schools have strong outdoor education and canoeing programs with skilled leaders.
Many schools have study-hall time for students to use specifically for homework.
Many schools have such statistics available right on their Web sites.
Many schools have technology coordinators who work full-time at the school sites.
Many schools have the access.
Many schools have the application on their web site.
Many schools have their computers networked.
Many Schools have their own health and safety codes of practice or local rules.
Many schools have their own institutional scholarships.
Many schools have their own school newspaper on the internet.
Many schools have their own web pages, some prepared by teachers, some by classroom groups.
Many schools have their own Web sites, which often include information about financial aid.
Many schools have their own web sites.
Many schools have their own Web sites.
Many schools have to make do with the money they have.
Many schools have very early filing deadlines.
Many schools have videos or virtual tours.
Many schools have voice mail systems today.
Many schools have waiting lists.
Many schools have web pages, but few contain instructional pages.
Many schools have Web sites.
Many schools have web space set aside for student organizations.
Many schools have what are called articulation agreements with junior colleges.
Many schools have zero tolerance policies for drugs and weapons.
Many schools have zero tolerance policies to keep campuses safe, free of drugs and guns.
Many schools hedge on applicants who are somewhere in the middle.
Many schools help their graduates find jobs.
Many schools help their students find jobs.
Many schools hire a full-time aide to assist a child using a wheelchair to get around.
Many schools hire foreign teachers to give their students a more authentic English education.
Many schools hire science specialists.
Many schools hire uncertified or part time instructors.
Many schools hold conferences in both the fall and spring.
Many schools hold drives to gather recyclables to raise money for school programs.
Many schools hold on site in depth interviews.
Many schools hold special ceremonies during the school year to celebrate Native American culture.
Many schools incorporate the triangle into their school's logo.
Many schools integrate energy conservation into student activities.
Many schools integrate safety education instruction with other curricula.
Many schools invest funds in pooled investments, rather than individual securities.
Many schools invite local celebrities to the event.
Many schools jump on educational band wagons to jump off a few years later.
Many schools keep old exams and even model answers on file at the library.
Many schools lack adequate facilities to publish students' work, however.
Many schools lack funding to provide instruments to students.
Many schools lack such programs.
Many schools lack well-developed policies to involve families in meaningful decisions.
Many schools leave their lights on for an extra hour or two every afternoon after school.
Many schools let the older boys wear long pants.
Many schools like to select candidates the second time they apply.
Many schools list their openings on their website.
Many schools lock shortly after the day, cutting off access to labs.
Many schools look for the best score a student presents.
Many schools look like jails.
Many schools maintain online forums for their students to paricipate in virtual study groups.
Many schools maintain waiting lists of eligible students.
Many schools make joining the running program optional.
Many schools make no such promises.
Many schools make use of operable partitions as a means of combining two rooms.
Many schools market themselves on the strength of their traditions.
Many schools misdiagnose the problem, which results in misdirected solutions.
Many schools mistakenly think they can save money by servicing loan accounts themselves.
Many schools now accept online applications.
Many schools now charge fees for everything from computer time to cheerleading uniforms.
Many schools now emphasize diversity in their admissions.
Many schools now have automatic weather recording stations.
Many schools now have computers in classrooms, and many households have personal computers.
Many schools now have digital cameras that save pictures in the web-friendly jpeg format.
Many schools now have flexible programs that allow for independent study.
Many schools now have metal detectors to check for students' weapons.
Many schools now have their own home page on the Web.
Many schools now have their own website.
Many schools now offer a variety of nontraditional ways to obtain college credit.
Many schools now offer auto debit plans.
Many schools now offer brand-name fast foods to get students to come to the lunchroom.
Many schools now offer creative writing courses online.
Many schools now offer homework hotlines for students to call during certain hours for assistance.
Many schools now offer interdepartmental, interdisciplinary, or joint degree programs.
Many schools now offer most or all of their information on their websites.
Many schools now offer transportation and child care for school-related events.
Many schools now offer undergraduate and graduate programs in ecological agriculture.
Many schools now outsource some portion of their services.
Many schools now provide breakfast at the school in the morning.
Many schools now provide information and courses on stress.
Many schools now require community service before graduation.
Many schools now require vaccination prior to entry into preschool or public schools.
Many schools now send videos to promote themselves.
Many schools now teach conflict resolution or problem-solving skills.
Many schools now use disposable items due to cost and sanitary considerations.
Many Schools obtain grant money to start their program.
Many schools obtain sponsorships from local companies and businesses.
Many schools offer a major in advertising or public relations.
Many schools offer a specialized wildlife curriculum.
Many schools offer a variety of courses that address both the lower and higher level outcomes.
Many schools offer a wide range of cultural activities such as a visit to a museum or the theatre.
Many schools offer academic credit for internships.
Many schools offer after-school programs.
Many schools offer an option to study abroad or off-campus for a semester or a year.
Many schools offer both full time and part time study.
Many schools offer both general courses and practical training.
Many schools offer breakfast and lunch programs that provide healthful foods kids enjoy.
Many schools offer certifications from national organizations.
Many schools offer college credits for the CPS rating.
Many schools offer commuter rates and rates that include overnight accommodations.
Many schools offer courses in overcoming math and science anxiety.
Many schools offer courses in the aspects of operating a small business.
Many schools offer courses on how to study, which can be very helpful to new students.
Many schools offer courses specializing in financial planning or family financial planning.
Many schools offer credit transfers.
Many schools offer degrees in technical fields, math, and science.
Many schools offer different ways of getting advertisements across to students.
Many schools offer finance packages that allow low monthly payments spread over several years.
Many schools offer financial aid.
Many schools offer free or low-cost day care for their students' children.
Many schools offer free tutoring in a variety of subjects.
Many schools offer fundamentals classes in the summer and evenings.
Many schools offer generous training packages attached to the purchase of a new machine.
Many schools offer group and individual counseling for students and sometimes, families.
Many schools offer home stays with local families.
Many schools offer hospitality and food service vocational education programs.
Many schools offer intensive guidance counseling.
Many schools offer job shadowing activities in different forms.
Many schools offer library science programs.
Many schools offer low-cost courses on the basics of personal investing.
Many schools offer medical insurance to international students.
Many schools offer money to promising low-income students.
Many schools offer music education in gifted programs.
Many schools offer on-campus jobs to students.
Many schools offer one or the other but rare is the school that offers both.
Many schools offer online computer software programs for financial aid.
Many schools offer open houses and campus visits over a weekend.
Many schools offer opportunities in career-related public resources, pro bono programming or both.
Many schools offer organized educational opportunities over the holidays or winter break.
Many schools offer ornithological courses or degrees to their students.
Many schools offer photography courses as part of their communications and journalism programs.
Many schools offer pre-kindergarten screening using scientific methods.
Many schools offer pre-veterinarian programs.
Many schools offer professional training in fields as disparate as health care and aviation.
Many schools offer programs in art.
Many schools offer remedial courses to help students meet basic educational requirements.
Many schools offer rolling admission.
Many schools offer scholarships to athletically talented students.
Many schools offer self-tests on their Web sites.
Many schools offer some kind of preparation class for aptitude tests.
Many schools offer some moderate amounts of self defense sprinkled into their classes as an extra.
Many schools offer some type of scholarship.
Many schools offer special programs to challenge bright kids or to help kids who are behind.
Many schools offer teenage parent programs to help girls complete their education.
Many schools offer the vaccine to middle school children.
Many schools offer their students free planners that list school activities for the school year.
Many schools offer tuition remission or direct grants to children of faculty members.
Many schools offer tuition remission to their full-time staff members.
Many schools offer tutoring, either during school hours or before and after school.
Many schools offer virtual tours of their campus through their web sites.
Many schools offer virtual tours, websites, maps, and pictures.
Many schools offer weekend and night classes, enabling women to keep their jobs and attend classes.
Many schools offer workshops and other resources for parents and students.
Many schools only offer the re-signing bonus to foreign hire staff.
Many schools operate at local racetracks.
Many schools operate placement centers for their graduates.
Many schools organise social programmes and accommodation with local families.
Many schools own computers that are just too old.
Many schools participate in more than one application system.
Many schools pay lip service to an open-door policy.
Many schools place too much emphasis on test scores.
Many schools plan and teach special units of study related to the theme for each named year.
Many schools pledge at the beginning of the year to remain fight free.
Many schools prefer to hire teachers with at least two years of relevant teaching experience.
Many schools prohibit cooking in rooms because of real concern over safety and fire.
Many schools prohibit shirts that feature obscenities and drug or alcohol advertisements.
Many schools provide a breakfast service and salad bars.
Many schools provide a good, solid education.
Many schools provide a Ph.D. in History degree program.
Many schools provide a preschool class for several hours a week for free or a very low fee.
Many schools provide an opportunity to develop several interests into one major.
Many schools provide anonymous telephone tip lines for students to squeal on their classmates.
Many schools provide bus services in heavily populated areas.
Many schools provide counseling services .
Many schools provide or subsidize housing and transportation expenses.
Many schools provide parenting classes .
Many schools provide programs for alienated, disengaged, and at-risk students.
Many schools provide treatment services .
Many schools provide walk-in writing labs or tutors to give students individual instruction.
Many schools publish student agenda books with pages on expectations and routines.
Many schools raise money by getting a percentage of the sales.
Many schools raise money to buy uniforms for low-income parents.
Many schools really don t think through their own beliefs about schools and schooling.
Many schools regard it as the cost of doing business in today's world.
Many schools report much higher turnover in staff employed by contractors.
Many schools report that they are planning similar classrooms.
Many schools represent a community facility, receiving adults for evening classes and recreation.
Many schools request an evaluation form from the substitute at the end of the day.
Many schools require a C average to receive an undergraduate degree.
Many schools require a letter of recommendation from a veterinarian.
Many schools require an art portfolio before entering into a computer art major.
Many schools require an interview prior to acceptance into the program.
Many schools require approval of the principal before any animal can be kept in a classroom.
Many schools require assessment and goal-setting for all students.
Many schools require economics in addition to other general education courses.
Many schools require previous experience in working with children.
Many schools require students or their parents to sign an agreement to abide by a code of practice.
Many schools require students to be nit-free before they can return to class.
Many schools require students to perform community service.
Many schools require students to protect their school books with covers.
Many schools require students to wear surgical gloves when working with bacterial cultures.
Many schools require teacher recommendations.
Many schools require that students learn to help others and perform community service.
Many schools require that their graduate students perform some teaching or research assistantship.
Many schools require the subject-area exam as well.
Many schools require the test as part of the admissions procedure.
Many schools require three years of college and most prefer candidates with bachelor's degrees.
Many schools require two to three years of language in high school.
Many schools return year after year.
Many schools run a festival or band day for high school students.
Many schools run summer public interest job programs.
Many schools schedule one or two information sessions each day.
Many schools schedule regular parent-teacher conferences during the fall months.
Many schools seem blissfully unaware of the risk associated with moving online.
Many schools seem to encourage conformity and encourage representational art.
Many schools select tour companies from the bottom up by choosing the least expensive.
Many schools send almost all of the fifth or sixth grade students at the school.
Many schools send home calendars with their school newsletter.
Many schools send home information in English, Spanish and Hmong, a language of Laotian immigrants.
Many schools send home lists of areas where parents can volunteer.
Many schools send instructors abroad to propagate their respective techniques.
Many schools send out acceptance and aid notifications on the same day.
Many schools serve breakfast and lunch.
Many schools simply note dates of attendance and dates of withdrawal.
Many schools simply say, No.
Many schools solicit alumni for donations and recruit their children as students.
Many schools solve the problem of stuffy classrooms by opening a window.
Many schools spend more than the average amount per pupil.
Many schools spend the betterpart of the month on Winter Recess.
Many schools standardize on a particular web editing software in order to streamline support.
Many schools start drug-education programs as early as sixth grade.
Many schools start with a template.
Many schools statewide are still at risk a decade later.
Many schools stay open over the year-end holidays.
Many schools still have significant problems.
Many schools still start kids out on the recorder.
Many schools struggle to achieve a ratio of ten students per computer.
Many schools successfully use student editorial groups to maintain and update the content.
Many schools suffer from poor faculty morale that can affect student and parent morale.
Many schools supplement homework assignments by using take-home duplicated worksheets.
Many schools take application requests directly through their Web site.
Many schools take their tax dollars and never look back.
Many schools target specific groups of students who are at risk of falling behind or dropping out.
Many schools teach a blend, but the methods are a hot topic of debate in schools.
Many schools teach systems that are tailored for competition.
Many schools then use the communities as living laboratories for their gerontology programs.
Many schools train their students how to do a job.
Many schools try to ingrain healthy eating habits early.
Many schools turn off their soft drink machines during school hours.
Many schools turn quickly and most immediately to the development of networks.
Many schools turn to state or federal funding for their programs.
Many schools use a panel to interview.
Many schools use applicant recruiting as a chance to diversify classes.
Many schools use curricula based on biased research that is anecdotal or uses small samples.
Many schools use maps that are long outdated.
Many schools use postage meters.
Many schools use professionals who work in the field.
Many schools use rotating substitute teachers to provide more planning time.
Many schools use school district busing services, with the advantages and disadvantages noted above.
Many schools use solar ovens to teach solar science principles.
Many schools use the case method.
Many schools use the existing school improvement team.
Many schools use the gym for physical education, school assemblies and other events and activities.
Many schools use the modules and the courses together for specific curriculum related reasons.
Many schools use the progress reports for their mid-term mailings to parents.
Many schools use the structured interview approach in the selection of teachers.
Many schools use tongue rolling as an example of a genetic trait .
Many schools use tongue rolling as an example of a genetic trait.
Many schools utilize proxy servers to connect to the internet.
Many schools weigh the LSAT score most heavily.
Many schools welcome speakers to talk to classes and for career days.
Many schools wish to expand clinical opportunities to their students.
Many schools work effectively with their communities and local businesses.
Many schools work in a comedy theme and try to make the ordeal as enjoyable as possible.
Many schools work with corporations to sponsor events.
Many schools work with police departments to provide programs for violence-free schools.
More school is a very good school and they are very interesting and friendly.
More schools add electronic commerce to curriculums.
More schools are in the process of being connected.
More schools are likely to be made up predominantly of children of uniform characteristics.
More schools are to be taken over to station troops who are being moved into the area.
More schools means more traffic and more people.
More schools seek to make their Web sites accessible to all.
Most school aged children pass at least three stools per week, with an average of one stool per day.
Most school has to involve in the community activity and try to be important part of the community.
Most school laminate all teachers decorating items for free without question.
Most school like to be finished recruiting by the end of the volleyball season.
Most schools accept both tests, however.
Most schools accept both tests.
Most schools accept both, but call to find out if one or the other is required or preferred.
Most schools accept children from between ages three years to three years and six months.
Most schools accept either test, but check with the admissions officer to see what's preferred.
Most schools accept students purely on the bases of academic competition.
Most schools acknowledge REAP favourably'.
Most schools adopt rules.
Most schools allow children to get their blood sugar tests and insulin shots at school.
Most schools allow juniors and seniors to enroll.
Most schools allow parents to make requests for teachers for the following year.
Most schools allow parents to opt out their students.
Most Schools allow students to study one or more IT modules each year as part of their degree.
Most schools already have standard procedures in place for removing body fluids such as vomit.
Most schools also demand a year of college mathematics and English.
Most schools also get a commission on sales.
Most schools also have a special phone number for recorded emergency information.
Most schools also have filmstrip, recording, mounted picture, and transparency collections.
Most schools also have filter software to ensure pornography is kept out of bounds.
Most schools also have girls' lacrosse programs.
Most schools also have some additional specific requirements for humanities and social studies.
Most schools also have testing available that can identify if a child is dyslexic.
Most schools also have testing available that can identify if a child is perhaps dyslexic.
Most schools also have their own school home pages.
Most schools also host open houses during the first weeks of school.
Most schools also issue handbooks for students relating to academic policies of the schools.
Most schools also offer breakfast programs and summer nutrition programs.
Most schools also offer extra reading time and tutors to students struggling with reading.
Most schools also provide averages and statistics about financial aid awards made to students.
Most schools also receive descriptions or catalogs of training sessions by commercial firms.
Most schools also require a basic level of proficiency in the use of computers.
Most schools also require a nominal fee f or each transcript.
Most schools also require a nominal fee for each transcript.
Most schools also require an interview to assess interpersonal and communication skills.
Most schools also require an introductory education course that includes some classroom experience.
Most schools also require or recommend additional biology.
Most schools also require two or three written recommendations from teachers and professionals.
Most schools also teach unisex hairstyling and chemical styling.
Most schools appreciate all the opportunities for recruiting that they can get.
Most schools are .edu , while most non-profit companies are .org etc.
Most schools are already year-round.
Most schools are also closed and most workers have the day off.
Most schools are at the point where they're adding in famous women.
Most schools are closed.
Most schools are eager and willing to have volunteers come into the classrooms.
Most schools are expansions of existing programs.
Most schools are familiar with the transcripts from the distance learning institutions listed.
Most schools are far safer than the world outside.
Most schools are government operated.
Most schools are happy to comply, especially if the parent provides the machine.
Most schools are in the New England states but new schools are begin added weekly.
Most schools are interested in references that are school related.
Most schools are leery of kids doing animal experiments, even insect experiments.
Most schools are mixed.
Most schools are on semester systems.
Most schools are only too happy to establish agreements with military clinics.
Most schools are overcrowded and at the point where absorbing more students is impossible.
Most schools are part of the state system.
Most schools are pretty serious about their assigned essay lengths.
Most schools are public, run by the municipalities.
Most schools are quite different today.
Most schools are safe places, and most kids are safe at school.
Most schools are safe.
Most schools are sensitive to couples.
Most schools are so overcrowded that students attend in two or three shifts.
Most schools are state-funded, and so most schools accept students mostly from their own state.
Most schools are still state-run.
Most schools are sympathetic to couples.
Most schools are well equipped so that students learn to use computers at an early age.
Most schools ask for at least three letters.
Most schools ask for the same information.
Most schools ask kickers to walk on and earn a scholarship.
Most schools attempt to instil linguistic confidence in their students.
Most schools attempt to instill linguistic confidence in their students.
Most schools award a bachelors degree at the end of the program.
Most schools barely have a photocopier.
Most schools base it on senior year alone.
Most schools begin at age three.
Most schools begin restructuring by developing a project or projects.
Most schools bring sack lunches to enjoy in our outdoor picnic area.
Most schools buy a video and show it in a classroom.
Most schools buy two set of media or buy one set per department per lab.
Most schools can postpone the arrival date up to one year.
Most schools carry or provide liability coverage for their teacher employees.
Most schools charge a fee for computer use.
Most schools charge an application fee.
Most schools charge one price for a specific number of credits taken in a semester.
Most schools choose children.
Most schools choose to follow the introductory talk with some of the 'hands on' activities.
Most schools classify themselves as selective.
Most schools combine teaching with other administrative, residential, or extracurricular duties.
Most schools concentrate on theory at the expense of practical experience.
Most schools conduct classes that specialize in certain technical fields.
Most schools conduct progress report meetings during the school year.
Most schools consider graduate students independent adults for purposes of calculating resources.
Most schools consist of students.
Most schools contain individuals.
Most schools continue to be reluctant to deal with manifestations of homophobia.
Most schools continue to use banks and other lenders.
Most schools copy the CD to their network server hard drive.
Most schools decide early in the Spring Semester about admissions.
Most schools depend on the help of parents.
Most schools desire a broad background in English and the social sciences.
Most schools do activities.
Most schools do have some adult classes.
Most schools do it for two years, but others loop even longer.
Most schools do their job better when they are an integral and positive part of the community.
Most schools employ only two or three teachers and have one or two hundred pupils.
Most schools encourage children.
Most schools encourage students to take the exam during their senior year of study.
Most schools encourage students.
Most schools enjoy great success.
Most schools enjoy success.
Most schools enter two teams each.
Most schools expect a mathematics background which includes at least some calculus.
Most schools expect students to have a baccalaureate degree before beginning professional study.
Most schools experience consistent growth.
Most schools express interest.
Most schools face a myriad of challenges and competing goals in developing their improvement plans.
Most schools face inspection every six years, or every four when they cause concern.
Most schools fall into more than one category.
Most schools fall into the top half on one measure and the bottom half of the other measure.
Most schools fill their enrollment rosters in late winter and early spring.
Most schools finalize placements around finals week.
Most schools focus on reading, writing,or literacy for their school improvement plan.
Most schools follow guidelines.
Most schools follow migration patterns.
Most schools follow multi-track schedules to serve larger number of students.
Most schools follow multi-track schedules to serve larger numbers of students.
Most schools follow patterns.
Most schools follow vertical migration patterns.
Most schools follow vertical patterns.
Most schools further require a year of college level mathematics and English.
Most schools get shipments sent directly to several key offices on campus.
Most schools get their recycling picked up once a month.
Most schools give academic credits for the internship.
Most schools give grades.
Most schools give token attention to parents as partners in education.
Most schools go to great lengths to protect their students.
Most schools hand out up-date cards only once a year.
Most schools have a cadre of knowledgeable students.
Most schools have a campus escort service which runs at night.
Most schools have a campus security plan.
Most schools have a computer laboratory, as well as computers for classroom use.
Most schools have a computer support person who is in charge of installing new software.
Most schools have a computerized attendance and grading system.
Most schools have a department in which they are particularly strong.
Most schools have a different amount of boys and girls in each class.
Most schools have a different number of tetherball poles.
Most schools have a few basic clubs, which include student council, annual, and newsletter club.
Most schools have a formal procedure to handle disagreements.
Most schools have a full-time registered nurse.
Most schools have a gasoline car with electric assists.
Most schools have a good working relationship with local libraries.
Most schools have a guide dog retirement program.
Most schools have a gym, weight room, and playing field designated for student recreation.
Most schools have a list of preferred lenders.
Most schools have a lockdown vs. an escape.
Most schools have a logo.
Most schools have a mercifully shorter interview procedure.
Most schools have a mix of computers, both in the classroom and in computer labs.
Most schools have a pinning ceremony to honor graduates.
Most schools have a preferred lender list.
Most schools have a readiness checklist for children entering their kindergartens.
Most schools have a recommended computer system configuration for incoming students.
Most schools have a referral process already in place.
Most schools have a requirement of hands-on medical experience, either volunteer or paid.
Most schools have a school psychologist who can provide advice.
Most schools have a special-services team of social worker, psychologist, and psychiatrist.
Most schools have a student advisor to assist foreign students with all the required paperwork.
Most schools have a student handbook that outlines the school's expectations for student behavior.
Most schools have a system for dealing with escalating student behavior.
Most schools have a teacher who volunteers to do tech support.
Most schools have a theatre or auditorium with a proscenium stage.
Most schools have a three to four-year client technology renewal cycle.
Most schools have a variety of student clubs and organizations on campus.
Most schools have a website with some instructional material and an email address to send papers.
Most schools have activities.
Most schools have additional requirements.
Most schools have additional seats currently available for new students.
Most schools have an ad hoc process of accepting computers.
Most schools have an application on-line.
Most schools have an evacuation plan for their arenas in case of emergencies.
Most schools have an individual who serves as an informal technology expert.
Most schools have an orientation for new students.
Most schools have anti-bullying policies with staff that are trained on how to intervene.
Most schools have apps available on their Web sites.
Most schools have at least one camcorder available for classroom use.
Most schools have basic testing equipment available.
Most schools have both a fall and winter tryout.
Most schools have brochures available for local programs.
Most schools have buildings.
Most schools have career centers which do mock interviews even for alumni.
Most schools have career ladders in music education.
Most schools have carpet or a few mats.
Most schools have carpets collecting dust or mold.
Most schools have chances.
Most schools have computer labs and a computer can be found in many classrooms.
Most schools have computers.
Most schools have counselors.
Most schools have departments.
Most schools have directories of the faculty and their research interests.
Most schools have education departments.
Most schools have either an in-house psychologist or one that visits the school regularly.
Most schools have examinations.
Most schools have faculty executive committees with responsibilities in specific areas.
Most schools have few, if any, term chairs.
Most schools have flatbed scanners to digitize prints.
Most schools have four assistants.
Most schools have funds set aside to send students to conferences.
Most schools have funds to pay for academic or prominent speakers.
Most schools have gyms.
Most schools have icons in the ZEN Works Application Launcher window to run the procedures below.
Most schools have Internet access.
Most schools have internships.
Most schools have Jewish student organizations.
Most schools have junk food machines abundant.
Most schools have keyboarding or similar classes which have computers with internet access.
Most schools have laminating machines with plenty of laminating material to go around.
Most schools have large gyms.
Most schools have listings of available off-campus apartments in nearby neighborhoods.
Most schools have many more applicants than they can accept.
Most schools have many students.
Most schools have more than one counselor.
Most schools have multiple televisions, some even on carts for ease of movement and sharing.
Most schools have newcomers who are non-English speaking.
Most schools have no playground equipment or extra activities.
Most schools have nutrition.
Most schools have occupancy rates approximately four times that of office buildings.
Most schools have one circulation station while four schools have two and one school has three.
Most schools have one or two resident technology experts who bear the brunt of that site's needs.
Most schools have ongoing or intermittent exhibits.
Most schools have only a few textbooks, and no storybooks.
Most schools have open days or allow prospective students to sit in on lessons.
Most schools have payment plans.
Most schools have physical education departments.
Most schools have physical examinations.
Most schools have playgrounds, attracting kids at all hours of the day.
Most schools have positions for classroom assistants under the direction of a teacher.
Most schools have procedures for starting new organizations or clubs.
Most schools have recruiting programs.
Most schools have requirements for gloves and bleach for handling blood exposure.
Most schools have rules and handbooks.
Most schools have similar policies.
Most schools have similar requirements.
Most schools have six or seven periods and the teachers teach five or six classes.
Most schools have some kind of track record which is known in the profession.
Most schools have some scholarship money.
Most schools have some sort of home school policy.
Most schools have some type of drama class that is available.
Most schools have some type of periodic review of all policies.
Most schools have some type of pond near the area.
Most schools have someone monitor public interaction and delete objectionable messages.
Most schools have specific policies against bullying and harassment.
Most schools have student Internet use agreements.
Most schools have students who are of Caucasian, African, Asian and other heritage.
Most schools have students.
Most schools have such rules, but do little to discipline profanity.
Most schools have testing and application fees.
Most schools have their own busing for student transportation.
Most schools have their own uniforms and require the students to purchase the outfit.
Most schools have their own Web pages with pictures of student activities and calendars of events.
Most schools have their own web sites.
Most schools have their own websites.
Most schools have their requirements for transfer posted on their web pages.
Most schools have three application periods, but some have as many as five.
Most schools have ties to denominations that are historically white.
Most schools have time built in for such meetings.
Most schools have to interview everyone, remember.
Most schools have to make the best of whatever facilities they have.
Most schools have tons of choices.
Most schools have tremendous expertise within their walls, but it is often underutilized.
Most schools have two official parent-teacher conferences per year.
Most schools have two such persons in each subject for a total of eight resource teachers.
Most schools have two training table meals per day on the road.
Most schools have video cameras and many have at least one digital camera.
Most schools have websites.
Most schools have yet to report their endowment returns.
Most schools help children.
Most schools help students.
Most schools help young children.
Most schools here follow a half-time schedule.
Most schools hire candidates.
Most schools hire teachers.
Most schools hold information nights for parents and students.
Most schools hold orientation activities for incoming freshmen.
Most schools however are willing to share their test results when asked by parents.
Most schools incorporate a discussion of both abstinence and birth control.
Most schools insist a donated pup or adult be checked by an opthamologist.
Most schools insist that students wear uniforms too.
Most schools introduce students to computers and information technology at a very early age.
Most schools involve the classics with their music curriculum and many also have jazz.
Most schools keep it too cold.
Most schools keep records of where alumni live and work.
Most schools keep regular update forms for graduates who have kept their information current.
Most schools know the value of being prepared for the unexpected.
Most schools lack the authority to manage substantial integrated service programs.
Most schools like to have a diverse student culture.
Most schools live by a few simple tenets.
Most schools look for the balanced student.
Most schools look like state mental institutions.
Most schools loop their students for two years.
Most schools lose their schooling abilities after dark, and just shoal.
Most schools maintain a library of prerecorded cassettes.
Most schools make announcements.
Most schools make the move for financial reasons.
Most schools manage their asbestos-containing materials until there's a construction project.
Most schools manage to get a web site up and running, or more accurately, sitting.
Most schools meet or exceed current PTDI standards .
Most schools meet science.
Most schools meet several times a week for three or four terms a year.
Most schools nationwide prefer electronic disbursement of loans.
Most schools naturally trust the high school transcript or guidance counselor.
Most schools now have elaborate procedures to screen and account for visitors.
Most schools now have or are acquiring state of the art computers for use at all levels.
Most schools now offer expanded menus including numerous choices of entrees and side dishes.
Most schools now teach unisex hairstyling as part of their regular curriculums.
Most schools now use technology for organizing and accessing information.
Most schools offer a full range of faculties from which students choose courses.
Most schools offer a stand-alone introductory course often structured along historical lines.
Most schools offer a traditional math sequence, i.e., one year of algebra, geometry, and trig, etc.
Most schools offer a variety of student organizations.
Most schools offer bachelor's degrees in biological sciences.
Most schools offer bachelor's degrees.
Most schools offer counsel services.
Most schools offer counseling if a young person seeks it out.
Most schools offer course packages.
Most schools offer courses designed to teach specific simulation languages and their uses.
Most schools offer courses on the correct usage of contraception.
Most schools offer education.
Most schools offer financial aid as well as several private providers.
Most schools offer free academic help to their students.
Most schools offer free after-school test prep sessions.
Most schools offer half-day preschool sessions.
Most schools offer institutional scholarships and grants to their students.
Most schools offer loans under federal and sometimes, state programs.
Most schools offer many resources for teachers and some of the resources are under utilized.
Most schools offer monthly payment plans with little or no fee to the parent or student.
Most schools offer optional trips and events.
Most schools offer placement services and part time jobs during training.
Most schools offer private tuition, and a variety of courses are available throughout the country.
Most schools offer science.
Most schools offer services.
Most schools offer some financial assistance.
Most schools offer some type of placement service for both current students and alumni.
Most schools offer sparring kits, complete with carrying bag.
Most schools offer specialized training, or tracks, in various areas of psychology.
Most schools offer waivers for religious or financial reasons.
Most schools offer work as part of the financial aid package.
Most schools offer work study as part of the financial aid package.
Most schools only have one or two.
Most schools only take students if they have space.
Most schools operate on a rolling admissions basis.
Most schools operate on the traditional academic calendar with student recess during the summer.
Most schools participate in the federally funded school lunch program.
Most schools pay health and leave benefits.
Most schools permit part-time attendance, and many now have some distance education opportunities.
Most schools permit three to five letters to be sent.
Most schools place a majority of their computers in computer labs.
Most schools place very high priority on recruitment and retention of quality faculty and students.
Most schools probably feel pretty good about their plan.
Most schools produce brochures or imformational placards.
Most schools promote the passive acquisition of knowledge.
Most schools provide a program description, list of faculty, and additional information.
Most schools provide course transfer information to students before they enroll.
Most schools provide experience.
Most schools provide free breakfast and lunch for economically disadvantaged students.
Most schools provide information.
Most schools provide job hunting and resume writing seminars.
Most schools provide opportunities for their students to gain the experience of helping others.
Most schools provide paths.
Most schools provide preliminary information around the time of the interview.
Most schools provide routine scoliosis screenings.
Most schools provide separate sessions for adults, youth and children.
Most schools provide some kind of assistance for finding internships.
Most schools provide students with access to e-mail accounts.
Most schools provide students.
Most schools provide the training, room, board, and dog at no cost to the student.
Most schools publish a prospectus.
Most schools publish dates for newsletters, interim reports and major reports to parents.
Most schools publish handbooks and periodic newsletters.
Most schools publish the password in the newsletters that are sent home.
Most schools purchase lesser-known presentation software for their staff and students due to cost.
Most schools receive attention.
Most schools receive four to five weeks of rest and relaxation.
Most schools receive funding from the government.
Most schools recognize the value a study-abroad experience can give.
Most schools rely on printed memos and classic teacher-led trainings or workshops.
Most schools report presence.
Most schools require a minimum number of volunteer hours.
Most schools require a portfolio as part of the admissions process.
Most schools require a year of college English for admission.
Most schools require an application fee.
Most schools require an interview before admission.
Most schools require an interview with members of the admissions committee.
Most schools require applicants to appear for a personal interview.
Most schools require applicants to interview with members of the admissions committee.
Most schools require applicants to take a qualifying exam as part of the application process.
Most schools require at least one-half year of math.
Most schools require at least three letters of recommendation.
Most schools require at least three, some require as many as eight.
Most schools require both the general and subject tests.
Most schools require coaches.
Most schools require first day attendance to confirm a student's enrollment in a class.
Most schools require head coaches.
Most schools require letters of recommendation from an art instructor.
Most schools require letters of recommendation.
Most schools require non-curriculum clubs to have a faculty representative.
Most schools require one year each of organic and inorganic chemistry, with laboratory.
Most schools require one year with laboratory.
Most schools require or prefer a degree.
Most schools require or recommend at least one year of college coursework.
Most schools require permission slips from parents.
Most schools require personal interviews prior to acceptance into clinical training.
Most schools require preparticipation physical exams for athletes.
Most schools require some tests as part of their admissions procedure.
Most schools require students to have a foreign passport and a certain qualification for entrance.
Most schools require students to take English courses, starting as early as primary education.
Most schools require surfaces.
Most schools require that parents check in at the front office before entering classrooms.
Most schools require that students and faculty log on five days each week.
Most schools require that the parents sign a release form.
Most schools require the donation be arranged in advance of the death.
Most schools require the letter of introduction be sent prior to a student visiting their office.
Most schools require three letters of recommendation.
Most schools require two or three letters of recommendation.
Most schools require two or three letters.
Most schools require two teacher recommendations.
Most schools require two, many require three.
Most schools respond to our request directly and promptly.
Most schools run a second hand shop from the school.
Most schools say that the interview is is a very important part of the application process.
Most schools schedule two or three conferences a year.
Most schools see money spent on bowls as an investment.
Most schools select students from the local high school to serve as cabin leaders.
Most schools sell out long before the bill is due.
Most schools send a postcard upon receipt of each application.
Most schools send an instructional letter to incoming students.
Most schools send home a flyer so parents can order books in advance.
Most schools send score reports to the student's home.
Most schools seriously consider work history when making admissions decisions.
Most schools serve communities.
Most schools serve some type of hot lunch and many have added breakfast to the school day.
Most schools serve students.
Most schools show below average test scores as their reason for nest year's emphasis on test taking.
Most schools show individual students.
Most schools show students.
Most schools simply offer one ethics course.
Most schools specializing in the visual communication industries have web sites.
Most schools sponsor an overnight program for prospective students.
Most schools sponsoring approved nursing practice update courses are two-year colleges.
Most schools start their beginning band students in the fifth or sixth grade.
Most schools stay for three days and two nights, while others opt to stay an entire week.
Most schools still exclude many eager or capable students from such courses.
Most schools still operate on the factory model, to produce workers for an industrialized society.
Most schools still use awards assemblies and letter or number grades.
Most schools still utilize forms as a criteria for evaluat- ing a students progress for rank.
Most schools still utilize forms as a criteria for evaluating a students progress for rank.
Most schools stop looking for exceptionalities once the learning disability is discovered.
Most schools stress a four-year degree program as the best possible preparation.
Most schools submit applications.
Most schools survey students periodically to make sure the estimate is accurate.
Most schools take actions.
Most schools take five years for their swimmers to graduate.
Most schools teach hairstyling of men's as well as women's hair.
Most schools teach students.
Most schools teach styling of both men's and women's hair.
Most schools tend to prefer long-term approaches that focus on prevention and intervention.
Most schools then move on to weapons training.
Most schools there focus on public policy-type degrees.
Most Schools therefore have a long waiting list.
Most schools train primarily for tournament or demonstration.
Most schools train students to work for someone else.
Most schools treat the experience as a field trip, collecting funds from each student participating.
Most schools try to keep costs down, and often have pot-luck dinners for sports teams.
Most schools understand the situation.
Most schools use a computer until it takes it's last byte.
Most schools use a hybrid combination of combustion and electric power.
Most schools use a variety of tools to evaluate a student's progress.
Most schools use books badly and pianos badly and everything else badly.
Most schools use both.
Most schools use pep rallies and cheerleaders to promote sportsmanship.
Most schools use standard forms for recommendations.
Most schools use tests.
Most schools use textbooks.
Most schools use that film with teachers and it is always powerful.
Most schools use the case study approach.
Most schools use their tour as an opportunity to showcase.
Most schools use two seat trainers because of their simplicity and low cost.
Most schools vary in the personal mix of people they wish to admit.
Most schools waste a great deal of energy.
Most schools welcome visitors.
Some school depts.
Some school needs to carry the cause for the West's flagship conference.
Some school require completion of additional financial aid forms.
Some school require new students to have mandatory Internet training as part of their syllabus.
Some schools accept almost anyone who applies.
Some schools accept children based on their tests scores.
Some schools accept only scores for tests taken within a certain period before enrollment.
Some schools achieve high outcomes for students with emotional disturbance.
Some schools actually require an on site drawing performance.
Some schools add more value to student learning than others.
Some schools advocate middle school students starting their college decision making process.
Some schools agree that reform plans are inevitable, and are preparing for the shift.
Some schools allow a written exam plus a scholarly paper to substitute for the research project.
Some schools allow alumni to send in videotapes for a post-school checkup.
Some schools allow first-years to take core courses side by side with electives.
Some schools allow groups to create voice mail lists.
Some schools allow kids to complete group projects, while others require individual work.
Some schools allow making reservations and some set time limits on computer use.
Some schools allow one more year after the end of studies to complete the diploma .
Some schools allow one more year after the end of studies to complete the diploma.
Some schools allow On-line entrance counselling.
Some schools allow over night visits as well.
Some schools allow professional note-taking services on campus.
Some schools allow soda and snack machines in the cafeteria.
Some schools allow students to begin in ninth grade.
Some schools allow students to complete group projects, but others require individual work.
Some schools allow students to post information about themselves on web sites.
Some schools allow teachers to utilize a classroom or a lounge to meet with other teachers.
Some schools allow the award of credits after an assessment.
Some schools allow the laptops to be checked out for use at home-just like library books.
Some schools already elect student chaplains along with the election of other class officers.
Some schools already have attractors.
Some schools already have student-parent friendly policies in place.
Some schools already offer afterschool programs.
Some schools already spend more than that amount.
Some schools already use it as a textbook.
Some schools already use video and audio conferencing with students worldwide.
Some schools also call class registers at the start of each lesson.
Some schools also compete with each other, to see if the graduates can be prepared to enter college.
Some schools also conduct development efforts.
Some schools also feature bowling on different oil patterns.
Some schools also have a dress option for girls.
Some schools also have a humanities requirement so check with each individual school.
Some schools also have computer software programs that assist with career exploration.
Some schools also have distance-learning programs.
Some schools also have flowers beds that the children plant and maintain.
Some schools also have libraries.
Some schools also have maximum award amounts.
Some schools also have other unique, ongoing studies in place.
Some schools also have overarching objectives.
Some schools also have school-maintained Web pages.
Some schools also have sixth forms.
Some schools also have special summer programs open to foreign students.
Some schools also have specific policies regarding kegs or other large containers.
Some schools also have stilts.
Some schools also have summer-school programs.
Some schools also host additional orientations.
Some schools also implement and contribute to programs for fathers.
Some schools also list requirements in English and calculus.
Some schools also make application forms available on CD-ROM or the Internet.
Some schools also offer breakfast programs.
Some schools also offer certificate programs.
Some schools also offer courses on alternative medicine, diet and nutrition, and geriatric care.
Some schools also offer information sessions with admissions officers before or after the tour.
Some schools also offer short courses and non-award study is an option.
Some schools also offer special emergency alert systems.
Some schools also offer Swiss German courses.
Some schools also offer the chance to learn in other settings, such as workplaces or polytechnics.
Some schools also offer use of their computers after regular hours.
Some schools also offer work programs as a part of or alternative to financial assistance.
Some schools also provide after-school care facilities.
Some schools also provide breakfasts.
Some schools also provide free or reduced tuition in exchange for working part time on campus.
Some schools also publish a school handbook.
Some schools also recommend courses in business.
Some schools also recruit high school and university students as volunteers.
Some schools also request that students take the psychology test.
Some schools also require a personal interview with school representatives.
Some schools also require a preliminary financial aid form.
Some schools also require a year of calculus or college mathematics.
Some schools also require calculus.
Some schools also require course work in calculus, English, the humanities, or social sciences.
Some schools also require students dismissed from other institutions to petition for admission.
Some schools also skirt the law by allowing sodas to be given to children during meals.
Some schools also stage full-scale crisis drills.
Some schools also support parents' educational needs.
Some schools also use frequent assessments in math.
Some schools also worry about the difficulty in handling students with a greater mix of abilities.
Some schools apparently have ongoing exchange programs, of varying effectiveness.
Some schools are able to send notices to parents to ensure they are dressed accordingly.
Some schools are affiliated with a specific promotion company , others are independent .
Some schools are affiliated with a specific promotion company, others are independent.
Some schools are also lenders.
Some schools are closed to accommodate the passengers.
Some schools are colleges.
Some schools are dedicated magnets, which means every student enrolled has chosen to be there.
Some schools are diverse while others are more homogeneous.
Some schools are educational institutions.
Some schools are full with kids, and others are far from full.
Some schools are hard.
Some schools are in areas where large amounts of multiple types of toxins are emitted.
Some schools are just better at covering stuff up than others.
Some schools are kind enough to provide incoming students with free catalogs.
Some schools are more affordable than others.
Some schools are more credible than others.
Some schools are more crowded than others, depending on factors such as housing availability.
Some schools are more equal than others.
Some schools are more involved than others, and the competition levels differ from school to school.
Some schools are more traditional, while others tend to be liberal.
Some schools are more understanding about ADHD than others.
Some schools are much more technology ready while others have old, run down computer labs.
Some schools are only accessible by dog sled, airplane or boat.
Some schools are overcrowded.
Some schools are reasonable, some rip-off artists.
Some schools are reluctant to accept credit from schools with lesser reputations.
Some schools are resistant.
Some schools are run by artists.
Some schools are run by con artists.
Some schools are run by friends.
Some schools are severely overcrowded.
Some schools are so focused on fund-raising for computers that academic goals get less emphasis.
Some schools are there to make money, with little regard for the quality of their offerings.
Some schools are there to win or to do really well.
Some schools are though academically.
Some schools are too well insulated and now have poor air quality.
Some schools are tough academically.
Some schools are unbearably hot because their coolers are old and ineffective.
Some schools are very conservative and the emphasis is on strict regimentation.
Some schools are very different and some are very main stream.
Some schools are very over crowded.
Some schools are very selective about which courses use computer labs.
Some schools are well endowed and can be quite generous with financial aid.
Some schools are well endowed and get a lot of money from alumni and corporations.
Some schools are within walking distance.
Some schools are wonderful.
Some schools are worthless.
Some schools arrange tours of the middle school for students and interested parents.
Some schools ask applicants to submit a portfolio of artwork as a condition of admission.
Some schools ask for letters explaining cultural, economic, or other diversity.
Some schools ask for several essays.
Some schools ask for volunteers, while some schools select the top five senior students.
Some schools assess aptitude by simply having a high enough grade point average.
Some schools assess community service, others assign papers or an alcohol education workshop.
Some schools assign computers to groups according to the grade level of a teacher.
Some schools assign plus and minus grades.
Some schools attend both regional and national conventions.
Some schools attract different types of students.
Some schools attract highly competitive people while others foster teamwork.
Some schools ban certain types of containers from their premises.
Some schools begin with just one collection, and add a new one each year.
Some schools belong to the IESA to be involved in activities other than athletics.
Some schools belong to world-wide organizations.
Some schools break up into small groups and forage a short distance from the reef.
Some schools buy paperback copies of the authors books and give one to each of the students.
Some schools can even give every child internet access.
Some schools cause bodily injuries.
Some schools cause injuries.
Some schools cause serious bodily injuries.
Some schools cause serious injuries.
Some schools charge a nominal fee for official transcripts.
Some schools charge a registration fee or ask for a deposit.
Some schools charge extra for students to enroll in their honors programs.
Some schools charge fees and others give limited or no service to reciprocity students.
Some schools charge for the videotape, over and above the cost of the course.
Some schools cheat to reach the high goal of high scores.
Some schools choose a school-wide theme for each month or term.
Some schools choose to focus on technology, staff development, discipline, or parental involvement.
Some schools choose to name the computer by the room number in which the computer is kept.
Some schools claim that five job openings await each journalism graduate.
Some schools claim to have integrated the data in the warehouse.
Some schools combine audio and video production into a single class.
Some schools combine classroom instruction with on the job training.
Some schools combine distance and on-campus learning.
Some schools combine the undergraduate college and medical school curricula.
Some schools concentrate on the sporting aspects and are heavily involved in tournament competition.
Some schools conduct auditions for on-camera positions.
Some schools conduct garage sales or auctions and use the funds to purchase new equipment.
Some schools conduct surprise locker searches.
Some schools conduct the rinsing in the individual classrooms.
Some schools consider age appropriateness, others review credits and prior learning.
Some schools consider only foreign students' academic records in the admissions process.
Some schools consider the concert program the priority.
Some schools consist of weekend workshops, and some last more than a year.
Some schools construct webpages to display their findings about their waterway.
Some schools continue to allow teachers to smoke outside on school grounds.
Some schools continue to cluster machines in labs.
Some schools counter the fatigue factor by substituting players or even entire groups of students.
Some schools cover some costs for students.
Some schools create a buddy system .
Some schools decide to continue further.
Some schools depend on money and they'll obviously never vote for it.
Some schools describe fixed term exclusions as 'suspensions'.
Some schools develop partnerships with local colleges and universities.
Some schools develop their own reform approach from within.
Some schools develop their own Web sites to increase communication options.
Some schools display their names and colors on banners.
Some schools do a poor job of educatiing children even with large budgets.
Some schools do allow students to graduate.
Some schools do better than others, and some teachers focus on real learning.
Some schools do better, some do worse.
Some schools do evaluations very well, and they have talented teachers.
Some schools do everything right.
Some schools do have jurisdiction over their students outside of their property.
Some schools do have policies that are less restrictive than a total ban.
Some schools do hold membership in both organizations.
Some schools do much better, some do worse.
Some schools do offer financial aid to international students.
Some schools do permit students to take education courses during their freshman year.
Some schools do put more value on confidential letters.
Some schools do so to be eligible for state money.
Some schools do special deals for children of the clergy, teachers or service families.
Some schools do station rotations over several days in the first weeks of school.
Some schools do that.
Some schools do too much on drill and review.
Some schools do, however, operate under more organic organizational models.
Some schools do.
Some schools don t even bring up that issue.
Some schools don t think about the past.
Some schools do'nt even have a proctor.
Some schools draw better no matter what.
Some schools effectively use parents and upper-grade students as volunteers in the classroom.
Some schools elect to have such portfolios at all grade levels.
Some schools encourage newly minted MBAs to wait.
Some schools encourage students to learn kata from video tapes.
Some schools enforce very restrictive technical standards.
Some schools engage in formal action research circles.
Some schools enroll only women, others only men.
Some schools equate that with failure.
Some schools establish insurance requirements for alternative plans.
Some schools establish single gender classes in math and science.
Some schools even fly desired students to the school.
Some schools even give extra credit to blood donors .
Some schools even give students real money to play with.
Some schools even go as far as letting students take computers home to use.
Some schools even have an intern placement office.
Some schools even have health centers that can provide medical care to enrolled children.
Some schools even have metal detectors.
Some schools even have their award letters available online.
Some schools even let students help design their buildings.
Some schools even let students out for private music lessons.
Some schools even let their keen pupils make their own papers.
Some schools even offer a course in report writing.
Some schools even offer conflict resolution programs.
Some schools even offer scholarships designated solely for minority students.
Some schools even offer scholarships specifically geared toward transfer students.
Some schools even offer sessions on how to select menu and order at restaurants.
Some schools even offer yoga, and the dreaded dodgeball is now called agility ball.
Some schools even pay students through work-study agreements.
Some schools even sell ad space on the public school buses.
Some schools even strive to keep their tuition in line with public schools.
Some schools even try to keep their student papers from printing stories about sports team losses.
Some schools even use aid packages as a way to attract top-ranked students.
Some schools expect a high level of parent involvement, others less.
Some schools favor a development approach while others have become more academic in nature.
Some schools feature both teams.
Some schools find Internet filtering software blocks legitimate sites.
Some schools find themselves with many technology-savvy faculty and a sophisticated curriculum.
Some schools fix the eye on the hands.
Some schools focus on a particular area of study, such as the arts, computers, or the environment.
Some schools focus on lesson design.
Some schools focus on the rules of conduct.
Some schools focus on treatments.
Some schools focus too much on theory and others on the technical aspects.
Some schools follow a two-term schedule.
Some schools follow the tradition of transferring the tassel from one side to the other.
Some schools frame a piece of beautiful children's art as part of a larger matted certificate.
Some schools function as health delivery sites, while others provide referrals to caregivers.
Some schools get a couple hundred in attendance.
Some schools get advice.
Some schools get printing donated by local printer.
Some schools get priority for admission into the program because of local circumstances.
Some schools get professional advice.
Some schools get their ink for pens from cuttle fish.
Some schools give advice to children on how to handle the situation.
Some schools give credit for internships.
Some schools give little until the children are nearly ready for secondary school.
Some schools give out credits to students who tune in to the show.
Some schools give poor teachers lower than normal increases in salary.
Some schools give preference to applicants with a bachelor s degree.
Some schools give preference to applicants with a bachelor's degree.
Some schools give special credit and provide instruction for their students attending.
Some schools give their own exams on campus in the fall for free.
Some schools go even beyond that and make exemplary growth.
Some schools go for an alternative of a planetarium show if the weather is inclement.
Some schools go further and require a certain number of hours each month from a parent.
Some schools go into full assemblies, and it just raises the hype.
Some schools go through science classes, others through electives.
Some schools go to great lengths to keep students coming.
Some schools go with programs that cover all the bases.
Some schools hand over pages and sections of their sites to individual students.
Some schools have a break in mid-morning.
Some schools have a clear policy on bullying.
Some schools have a computer specialist.
Some schools have a few single rooms.
Some schools have a formal peer mediation program through which students are trained in mediation.
Some schools have a good social scene outside of greek life.
Some schools have a history that can be traced back to several hundred years.
Some schools have a laundry.
Some schools have a local event prior to the district contest.
Some schools have a parent meeting at the same time as the student social event.
Some schools have a person designated to reach-out to parents.
Some schools have a room open for doing homework for an hour after school.
Some schools have a serious fight for survival from year to year.
Some schools have a snack selling time between meals.
Some schools have a social work office and medical and dental screening.
Some schools have a special application for transfer students and many charge an application fee.
Some schools have a staggered starting and ending schedule for the students.
Some schools have a strong tradition based on religion.
Some schools have a toy or emblem and the only person speaking is the one holding it.
Some schools have a tradition of going out to eat after the competition.
Some schools have a vehicle available and the team simply pays for gas.
Some schools have a whole department or a director who takes care of licensing.
Some schools have a written dress code for teachers.
Some schools have access to Internet tools and place their published projects online.
Some schools have additional required or recommended courses.
Some schools have advancement.
Some schools have afterschool child care or homework tutoring.
Some schools have agreements with private for-profit employers.
Some schools have Alateen meetings on the school grounds during the day or after school.
Some schools have all their students doing internships.
Some schools have an amazing track record of liberal speakers.
Some schools have an army of on-campus coaches.
Some schools have an automated phone system to report student absences to parents.
Some schools have an open door health program year-round.
Some schools have an open house the first week of school .
Some schools have armed security.
Some schools have as many as eight different periods a day.
Some schools have automatic sprinkler systems that go off when sensors detect too much heat.
Some Schools have barely enough resources to get through a school day.
Some schools have battery back up systems for their intercom and telephones.
Some schools have better relationships than others.
Some schools have bilingual assistants who can help students individually.
Some schools have book sales ahead of time.
Some schools have books that list alumni with their current addresses.
Some schools have both regional and specialized accreditation.
Some schools have both types of page.
Some schools have Captains who help the coordinating teacher with volunteer management.
Some schools have casino games in which the students can win more chances for the prize drawings.
Some schools have cheaper prices now.
Some schools have child care.
Some schools have coaching turnover every two years.
Some schools have contracts with the students on behavior.
Some schools have courses like The Sociology of Media.
Some schools have D.E.A.R. time daily, while others opt to use it a couple of times a week.
Some schools have deadlines.
Some schools have default prevention programs.
Some schools have different requirements for residency and program credits.
Some schools have discipline plans in place that are used by the entire faculty.
Some schools have disorder.
Some Schools have divisions or sub-units.
Some schools have dormitories, while some only introduce private lodgings to foreign students.
Some schools have drawings and giveaways for old trophies.
Some schools have e ven taken the additional steps of issuing badges to all students and faculty.
Some schools have early admissions deadlines.
Some schools have early admissions programs and can make tentative awards in the fall.
Some schools have e-mail software that is unable to read attached files to messages.
Some schools have e-mail software that is unable to read attached files.
Some schools have English clubs, or international student associations.
Some schools have enrichment teams in operation.
Some schools have equipment and resources that can produce spiral-bound notebooks.
Some schools have even more requirements about the letters.
Some schools have faculty.
Some schools have features such as nature preserves, a planetarium and even a one-room schoolhouse.
Some schools have fences, bars or even guards at multiple entryways.
Some schools have filthy bathrooms and toilets with no seat covers.
Some schools have foreign language clubs.
Some schools have formal systems of assigning mentors to new faculty members.
Some schools have foundations supported primarily by parents and alumni.
Some schools have friendship links with schools in an Eastern European country.
Some schools have further prerequisite requirements in psychology and the social sciences.
Some schools have guidelines for the amount and types of assistance that parents can give.
Some schools have higher poverty among their students than in the surrounding attendance area.
Some schools have housing for students from other institutions.
Some schools have ice cream socials and carnivals.
Some schools have inadequate electricity.
Some schools have individuals who no nothing about cheerleading be the judges to keep it fair.
Some schools have in-house security that is supplemented with SROs.
Some schools have insurance regulations that prohibit such transportation from happening.
Some schools have internet web sites .
Some schools have internet web sites.
Some schools have it exactly backwards.
Some schools have language requirements for advanced degrees in English.
Some schools have large endowments and can afford to be generous.
Some schools have less rigid requirements.
Some schools have library aides, some have cafeteria aides.
Some schools have links built in.
Some schools have little funding, and some have none.
Some schools have machines that sell tampons or pads in the girls' bathroom.
Some schools have many, others few.
Some schools have master's programs geared toward students seeking entry into medical school.
Some schools have math in the mornings, some after recess, and one in the afternoon.
Some schools have men.
Some schools have monthly electrical bills of thousands of dollars.
Some schools have more information than others.
Some schools have more respect for the individual.
Some schools have more specific policies regarding allowable business expenses or dollar thresholds.
Some schools have more specific requirements than others.
Some schools have more than one location or program.
Some schools have more than one manager.
Some schools have multicultural populations and all offer a rich variety of teaching experiences.
Some schools have music coaches for free.
Some schools have neither.
Some schools have no instruments.
Some schools have no libraries.
Some schools have no physical writing laboratory at all.
Some schools have no programs.
Some schools have one computer hooked up for the entire school.
Some schools have one or maybe two teachers.
Some schools have one or two long essays, others have several short answer questions.
Some schools have on-site accommodations, while others have arrangements with nearby hotels.
Some schools have open book exams.
Some schools have orientation programmes.
Some schools have other requirements.
Some schools have parents.
Some schools have peer mentor and peer mediation programs.
Some schools have policies governing the use of the incomplete symbol.
Some schools have popular hangouts on their little corner of the Web.
Some schools have pre-registration arrangements.
Some schools have problem groups, in which students contribute towards finding a solution.
Some schools have programs that assist their graduates and alumni to find employment.
Some schools have project summary due a week or so prior to the school fair.
Some schools have psychological support groups that help students over the hurdles of college life.
Some schools have quads.
Some schools have random metal detector searches.
Some schools have recruiting incentives for gifted students.
Some schools have research institutes dedicated to the subject of women in management.
Some schools have rules against overlapping courses.
Some schools have school colors or a school song.
Some schools have screening programs.
Some schools have separate admissions, registrar, financial aid, and bursar operations.
Some schools have separate policies for teachers and students.
Some schools have separate scholarship application forms.
Some schools have separate scholarship applications, and some use the admission application.
Some schools have several degrees of black belts.
Some schools have shelves of new, colorful and inviting library books.
Some schools have significant problems with the assessment section.
Some schools have silence.
Some schools have simpler applications.
Some schools have smoking zones intended to be out of the children's sight.
Some schools have special classes for children with particular learning disabilities.
Some schools have special college counselors while others use guidance counselors.
Some schools have special programs in addition to performance.
Some schools have special scholarships for transfer students.
Some schools have special units which make provision for pupils who have learning difficulties.
Some schools have special units which make provision for pupils who have special educational needs.
Some Schools have specific criteria for assessment.
Some schools have specific policies regarding listings.
Some schools have specific sections of the library designated for tutoring.
Some schools have state accreditation, most due to providing CEUs for massage therapists.
Some schools have statues.
Some schools have strict rules on making refunds to students who withdraw.
Some schools have student housing that they make available to exchange students, at varying cost.
Some schools have students do a Christian service project each grading period.
Some schools have students who are relatively easy to educate.
Some Schools have supplementary material to cover particular requirements.
Some schools have teachers serve as career advisors to a group of students.
Some schools have teachers work in teams to take advantage of strengths in specific areas.
Some schools have technological advancement.
Some schools have the children brush in their classrooms every day at the same time.
Some schools have the equivalent of an entire school in portable classrooms.
Some schools have the luxury of keeping their varsity balls separate from phys ed balls.
Some schools have the student body go to the gym and do aerobics and calisthenics.
Some schools have the students design a logo for an upcoming event.
Some schools have the worst football and basketball teams ever seen.
Some schools have their own applications.
Some Schools have their own pages an interesting and fun way to view each school.
Some schools have their own servers.
Some schools have their own websites.
Some schools have thirteen year reunions.
Some schools have time limits for the removal of incompletes.
Some schools have to pay paraprofessionals to perform such services.
Some schools have to start completely over to have a chance at success.
Some schools have trouble finding one quarterback for their football team.
Some schools have two teams that split the four patrol times.
Some schools have unacceptably high suspension rates.
Some schools have underutilized building space and our schools are crowded.
Some schools have very high admissions standards.
Some schools have very specific rules about acceptable translations.
Some schools have Web sections specifically for international students.
Some schools have web sites that offer online applications.
Some schools have web sites, to visit the web site click on the school name.
Some schools have yet to create a web presence however.
Some schools have.
Some schools help games.
Some schools help graduate students find internships or part-time jobs before they graduate.
Some schools help jobs.
Some schools help their graduates find jobs.
Some schools hire one intern or split the money among several interns.
Some schools hold a contest to determine the name of the newsletter.
Some schools hold auditions in several locations.
Some schools hold classes exclusively for women.
Some schools hold competitions to design reminders so all students can be involved.
Some schools hold open houses to recognize their accepted students.
Some schools identify character as a subject to be taught.
Some schools insist upon rigorous mathematics for all, beginning with algebra.
Some schools install all or most of their networked computers in a lab.
Some schools integrate vocational and academic programs around a particular occupational focus.
Some schools involve corporate affiliates to assist in design and to supply flight materials.
Some schools just require it the first year.
Some schools know they can call on parents who are registered nurses to help out.
Some schools lack adequate heating, ventilation, or air conditioning.
Some schools lack properly trained personnel.
Some schools lend activity packs and toys to their pre-school intake.
Some schools limit students to one transfer between full and part-time divisions.
Some schools limit the number of internship credits that can be applied toward a major.
Some schools limit the squads that freshmen can tryout for.
Some schools look quite a bit different in person than how they appeared in the brochure.
Some schools maintain both a psychologist and a social worker.
Some schools maintain individuals.
Some schools maintain that the eyes shoudl be fixed on the enemy's long sword.
Some schools make a special effort to keep in touch with their students.
Some schools make goals.
Some schools make growth.
Some schools make life.
Some schools make more detailed information available than others.
Some schools make out because they include research costs along with academics.
Some schools make parents and visitors unwelcome.
Some schools make reservations for the next year before they leave the conference.
Some schools make the mistake of placing technology under numerous individuals.
Some schools make up for a lack of emphasis on composition with special projects.
Some schools measure years by quarters.
Some schools mirror the practical assessment used by the respective state boards.
Some schools mourn death.
Some schools move up or down a class.
Some schools never reach agreements.
Some schools now have programs to work with the deaf child and parents as early as infancy.
Some schools now have surveilance cameras and metal detectors.
Some schools now offer parenting classes.
Some schools now open later to give students more time to sleep.
Some schools now overreact to a noise made by just one parent.
Some schools now require all students, faculty, and staff to wear picture IDs.
Some schools object to ranking any students.
Some schools object to students with tracheostomies, citing insurance and liability problems.
Some schools observe that the evening rays of the sun are the best for healing.
Some schools observe the day with instruction in flag etiquette and flag-raising ceremonies.
Some schools offer a choice of meal plans.
Some schools offer a discount for prepaid meals.
Some schools offer a nonbinding version of early decision called early action.
Some schools offer a placement service for prospective graduates.
Some schools offer a program geared towards first year students.
Some schools offer a structured, traditional approach.
Some schools offer a trial period.
Some schools offer a typical American or British program.
Some schools offer AA degrees, while others offer certificates.
Some schools offer after-school and early childhood programs, as well as classes for parents.
Some schools offer both before and after school activities.
Some schools offer contracts on-site during the event.
Some schools offer conversions.
Some schools offer courses that lead to associate degrees.
Some schools offer credit for previous learning and clinical experiences.
Some schools offer crew and other club sports teams.
Some schools offer degree or diploma programs in Recording .
Some schools offer degree or diploma programs in Recording.
Some schools offer degrees specifically in social work.
Some schools offer developmental assessments on request.
Some schools offer different versions of the same course, especially for introductory calculus.
Some schools offer diplomas which have very few academics.
Some schools offer discounts to students taking more than one course.
Some schools offer distance education.
Some schools offer dorms with themes or academic programs.
Some schools offer externships working with an employer at the end of training.
Some schools offer FAST to all children who are enrolled.
Some schools offer fee waivers or loans for study abroad.
Some schools offer financial support for attending educational events.
Some schools offer financing, and most have financing and loan information.
Some schools offer foreign service premiums.
Some schools offer free meals as a benefit.
Some schools offer graduate programs in journalism and communications.
Some schools offer it as an elective.
Some schools offer joint degree programs.
Some schools offer loans, childcare, and even transportation.
Some schools offer management.
Some schools offer maps - get one and give it a read before school starts.
Some schools offer mediation for students who've been in fights as a possible trade-off.
Some schools offer more specialisation than others.
Some schools offer night classes to allow students to work during the day.
Some schools offer on-campus housing for religious minorities.
Some schools offer on-line applications as well.
Some schools offer on-line applications.
Some schools offer on-line computer programs for financial aid.
Some schools offer open-house weekends for prospective freshmen.
Some schools offer other specialized degrees as well.
Some schools offer preparation courses.
Some schools offer programs for children as young as four.
Some schools offer questionable value for money.
Some schools offer reduced tuition for spouses, and books can be shared by couples.
Some schools offer reduced tuition rates to families if the major wage earner is unemployed.
Some schools offer registered programs off-campus using distance learning methods.
Some schools offer rolling admissions and others collect all of the applications at one time.
Some schools offer sabbaticals for teachers.
Some schools offer scholarships and other forms of financial assistance.
Some schools offer scholarships in exchange for teaching help.
Some schools offer school-wide quiz bowl competitions.
Some schools offer skiing scholarships, but there is very little money available out there.
Some schools offer special instruction for students who speak English as a second language.
Some schools offer students.
Some schools offer the full range of sports to girls and boys.
Some schools offer the possibility of ongoing evaluations.
Some schools offer the possibility of undertaking study on a part-time basis.
Some schools offer the program to younger high school students as well.
Some schools offer the tutorial as an elective during the school day.
Some schools offer too few courses.
Some schools offer training up to the level of a professional diver.
Some schools offer transportation, and many students can ride public schools buses.
Some schools offer tutoring and homework clubs before school, after school or during lunch.
Some schools offer types.
Some schools offer wildlife management.
Some schools only accept certain test.
Some schools only allow inhalers to be used in the nurse s office.
Some schools only allow inhalers to be used in the nurse's office.
Some schools only have email access.
Some schools only offer the free lunch program while others also offer breakfast.
Some schools openly discriminate against students coming from poor localities.
Some schools operate a non-pricing breakfast program and a pricing school lunch program.
Some schools operate by paying all of the charges for their buildings.
Some schools operate fifty or more years before being modernized.
Some schools order enough books for families, faculty and all students who apply.
Some schools organize parent-teacher meetings to discuss their goals early in the school year.
Some schools organize special rituals and build small altars in class.
Some schools organize their own choice night events.
Some schools participate in a correspondence program for children and parents.
Some schools participate in tuition payment plans offered by private agencies.
Some schools pay for a headmaster's housing and for entertainment related to fund-raising.
Some schools pay little and expect a lot.
Some schools permit installment payments.
Some schools permit more credits.
Some schools permit more.
Some schools permit students to finish in three years if they go to summer sessions.
Some schools place a hard wall boundary between the disciplines.
Some schools place a limit on the number of free hours.
Some schools place more emphasis on orchestration than on individual performance.
Some schools place the computers in classrooms and others create computer laboratories.
Some schools plan after-school activities .
Some schools plow unspent tuition revenue at year's end into an endowment fund.
Some schools possess mice.
Some schools possess pets.
Some schools post information in the school office window during the summer.
Some schools prefer French, German, or Russian to other languages.
Some schools prefer ordering directly from the publishers.
Some schools prefer students who are already in the U.S. over students living abroad.
Some schools prefer that the recommendations be included with the application.
Some schools prefer to ask students to fill out an application form.
Some schools prefer to merely observe the competition in the beginning.
Some schools prepare very well for the test.
Some schools present their themes in bright colorful murals as one enters the school .
Some schools presently have game data showing on their page.
Some schools print the class letters.
Some schools produce 'non-essential' resource material which is available for purchase or loan.
Some schools promote the model by having a display in the lobby.
Some schools provide bridge protection to all students.
Some schools provide cluster sites, which serve a cluster of schools in the same geographic area.
Some schools provide dormitory living, while others are strictly commuter schools.
Some schools provide for the diagnosis and treatment of children with learning disabilities.
Some schools provide fresh juice for students served in reusable plastic cups.
Some schools provide full support, including tuition, educational expenses, and a living stipend.
Some schools provide holidays for unaccompanied children.
Some schools provide internship experiences appropriate to the student's academic discipline.
Some schools provide laundry and dry cleaning service with regular deliveries to residence halls.
Some schools provide opportunity.
Some schools provide practice for assessments.
Some schools provide programs on moveable carts.
Some schools provide reimbursement in lieu of transportation.
Some schools provide specially trained writing consultants to work with particular classes.
Some schools provide students with a virtual library.
Some schools provide their own recommendation forms .
Some schools provide transportation or child care to help parents come to school meetings at night.
Some schools publish a limited amount of data.
Some schools publish a weekly list of incidents involving the campus police.
Some schools publish young authors' work in newsletters and magazines.
Some schools purchase one for each student and mail one to each family.
Some schools raffle off dresses and tuxedo rentals.
Some schools raise tuition to cover costs, then mail laptops to students.
Some schools reach goals.
Some schools receive carpets, furniture and equipment for classrooms funded from federal dollars.
Some schools receive far more applicants than they can take.
Some schools receive more requests than they have space.
Some schools receive the program through a local college or service cooperative.
Some schools receive versions.
Some schools recommend a second English course.
Some schools recommend an admissions interview.
Some schools recommend other courses.
Some schools recommend, or require, a foreign language.
Some schools refuse to evaluate ADHD children for special education eligibility.
Some schools release a great deal of personal information about incoming or potential students.
Some schools rely extensively on ex-students.
Some schools rely on exams while others use a continuous assessment of homework.
Some schools rely on letters from a pre-medical committee.
Some schools remain closed or started late today.
Some schools report a decrease in fighting.
Some schools report incidents.
Some schools report positive results from their policies.
Some schools report that the cost is what sold the idea in their district.
Some schools report the GPAs for all their students.
Some schools request, for example, five per month to issue to their visitors.
Some schools require a criminal check for acceptance into field experiences.
Some schools require a minimum of two years and others require three years.
Some schools require a physical for each sport even if it's still in the same year.
Some schools require a significant number of hours working with animals in a variety of settings.
Some schools require a speech class in addition to English composition.
Some schools require a statement of research and career interests.
Some schools require a supplementary sheet for additional information once the student has applied.
Some schools require additional aid forms.
Some schools require additional courses.
Some schools require additional documentation of various types.
Some schools require additional forms.
Some schools require additional signatures.
Some schools require additional specific courses.
Some schools require all fliers and posters to be approved before they can be put up.
Some schools require an application process.
Some schools require an essay with an application.
Some schools require an interview for acceptance.
Some schools require an interview.
Some schools require biochemistry and advanced biology courses.
Some schools require calculus and some require a course in biochemistry.
Some schools require calculus and some require one or two courses in biochemistry.
Some schools require calculus, advanced biology and advanced chemistry.
Some schools require calculus.
Some schools require completion of matching fund negotiations prior to submission of a proposal.
Some schools require english, humanities, calculus, or biochemistry as well.
Some schools require entrance counseling for each federal student loan issued.
Some schools require fingerprinting clearance of volunteers.
Some schools require guests to wear badges.
Some schools require laptops as part of the student tuition plan.
Some schools require letters of recommendation.
Some schools require more than the minimum credit hours.
Some schools require one or two years of foreign language.
Some schools require or strongly recommend course work in statistics, accounting, or economics.
Some schools require parental permission before publishing student photos.
Some schools require pushups after each touchdown.
Some schools require several specific courses in addition to the general core described above.
Some schools require slides of student work.
Some schools require students to take a certain number of units via distance learning.
Some schools require students to wear uniforms.
Some schools require summer enrollment for participation regardless of insurance status.
Some schools require summer reading, college courses, or projects.
Some schools require teaching experience.
Some schools require the students to come to campus for registration and advising.
Some schools require their own admissions test.
Some schools require their students to wear uniforms.
Some schools require two years of prerequisite study and two years in program.
Some schools require two years.
Some schools require typing or a science course for admission.
Some schools require written approval to enroll.
Some schools resist sending girls to work.
Some schools restrict access to such bulletin boards to their own students.
Some schools retain ownership of the dog, others release it to the ownership of the person.
Some schools run all computers through a filter on a proxy.
Some schools run experiments on how plants react to different kinds of fertilizers.
Some schools run their volunteer programs out of the center.
Some schools run twelve students per one instructor.
Some schools run year-round schedules.
Some schools sacrifice high expectations for fear of undermining student self-esteem.
Some schools sacrifice the needs of the individual to the needs of the community.
Some schools save almost enough on achievement test discounts to pay their GACS dues.
Some schools schedule a book signing in conjunction with the author visit.
Some schools schedule special preview days for juniors in the late spring and summer preview days.
Some schools see athletic trainers as key liability protection.
Some schools see growth.
Some schools seek an expert-based strategic plan.
Some schools seem to have forgotten the latter.
Some schools select only some pupils by ability or aptitude, others select all pupils by ability.
Some schools sell videotaping of exams as a method of offsetting the costs associated.
Some schools send a credit evaluation with the acceptance letter.
Some schools send home lessons that are brand new and expect parents to recall third grade math.
Some schools send information daily or as it becomes available.
Some schools send out acceptance and aid notifications on the same day.
Some schools show cheesy videos on puberty and pregnancy.
Some schools simply post the rules online with an admonition to read before proceeding.
Some schools simply rely on the outcomes contained in the purchased textbooks.
Some schools sit in rows at desks whiles others gather less formally on chairs and the floor.
Some schools specialize in the arts, others in technology.
Some schools specialize in the arts, with intensive classes in dance, theatre, music, and so forth.
Some schools specialize.
Some schools specifically require letters from one non-science and two science professors.
Some schools spend all the money they are given, and others are simply sitting on it.
Some schools spend several days a year preparing for taking tests.
Some schools stagger the schedules to relieve crowding.
Some schools stand to lose a great deal of money if the bill is approved.
Some schools start even younger.
Some schools stick to tuition, books, and room and board.
Some schools stop teaching content weeks before tests.
Some schools stop there.
Some schools struggle to field complete athletic teams.
Some schools study the Way of the short sword, known as kodachi .
Some schools suggest natural connections to other disciplines.
Some schools support online student loan applications.
Some schools support parent education activities by providing permanent space for parent gatherings.
Some schools take advantage of student hardware and software skills.
Some schools take further precautions.
Some schools take ideas back and begin the immediate implementation of a program.
Some schools take the bus to bowl games.
Some schools teach in multiple, short lessons, while others offer intensive live-aboard courses.
Some schools teach just the technical skills.
Some schools teach mediation skills or conflict management skills in advisory.
Some schools teach Microeconomics first because supply and demand are really microeconomic topics.
Some schools teach more intense courses called neurophysiology or bio-physiology.
Some schools teach other subjects in English.
Some schools tell the students to wear name tags and school badges.
Some schools tend to attract head types, while others draw heart or gut professionals.
Some schools test a higher percentage of their enrollment than others.
Some schools translate the intern experience into academic units.
Some schools travel from Canada to row in the event.
Some schools treat their PhD students as staff anyway.
Some schools try to change everything at once without adequate buy-in from staff.
Some schools turn off entire sections of the school at night and on weekends.
Some schools unabashedly foster a political identity.
Some schools understand that finances, distance, and busy schedules preclude a visit.
Some schools use a similar method of discipline.
Some schools use actors to help portray ethical quandaries.
Some schools use all sets of scores equally and note improvements.
Some schools use cluster grouping along with heterogeneous and ability grouping.
Some schools use fund-raising to keep their programs out of danger.
Some schools use laptop word processors.
Some schools use large buttons, some use the plastic rectangular pin on tags with the slide in card.
Some schools use more than one reform model.
Some schools use only the federal form.
Some schools use pesticides known to pose actual or potential health threats to children.
Some schools use students as interviewers also.
Some schools use students to maintain their networked systems.
Some schools use the revenue derived from football to help fund other intercollegiate sports.
Some schools use two different sets of letter grades with percentages to calculate grades.
Some schools use with local band at events.
Some schools use worms.
Some schools using block scheduling have a teacher available to help transfer students catch up.
Some schools utilize complex compass analysis to determine the flow of qi in and around a location.
Some schools utilize just one curricula while many take a combination approach.
Some schools utilize standardized patients.
Some schools watch out for youngsters with diabetes, but others stand in their way.
Some schools work and more can.
Some schools work with business.
A schoolbook is a book
Schoolbooks are still full of resentment.
Schoolbooks influence the educational quality to a very high degree.
A schoolboy is a boy
A schoolboy is a pupil
Schoolboy learns details from highway construction foreman.
Schoolboys are boys.
Schoolboys are male children.
Schoolboys are school children.
Schoolboys are schoolchilds.
Schoolboys like to draw funny teeth on pictures of people whom they disfavor.
Schoolboys turn into bullies, ready to take the natural law into their own hands.
Schoolboys work busy intersections, thrusting campaign literature through open car windows.
Any schoolboy can discern the similarities between humans and monkey-type mammals.
Schoolchilds are children.
Schoolchilds are young people.
Any schoolchild knows that such fails the test of fundamental logic.
Every schoolchild knows that genetic drift in both higher and lower life forms see to that.
Every schoolchild ought to study it, and every schoolchild ought to be required to memorize it.
Schoolchildren are twice as likely to be victims of serious violent crime away from school.
Schoolchildren come on field trips to see the modern buildings housing the European institutions.
Schoolchildren come to honor their injured classmates.
Schoolchildren decorate their classrooms with paper hearts and lace for the occasion.
Schoolchildren have legitimate expectation of privacy.
Schoolchildren have no pencils.
Schoolchildren learn about the sun and planets in their earliest science classes.
Schoolchildren talk with hams in space.
All schoolchildren know that light is the fastest thing there is.
All schoolchildren wear uniforms.
Most schoolchildren complete a six-year primary course, but only a few go to secondary schools.
A schoolgirl is a girl
Schoolgirls are female children.
Schoolgirls are girls.
Schoolgirls are pupils.
Schoolgirls are school children.
Schoolgirls are schoolchilds.
Schoolgirls go walkabout in the searing Australian bush.
Schoolgirls stand and salute.
Most schoolgirls fuck like bunny rabbits nowdays.
A schoolhouse is a building
Schoolhouse also contains a terrific list of student and teacher sites.
Schoolhouse delivers realistic earthquake simulations on both the vertical and horizontal plane.
Schoolhouse focuses on intentional community.
Schoolhouse has links to art, science, reading, games, and other schools on the Internet.
Schoolhouse provides teachers and students navigating the Internet resources for their classrooms.
Schoolhouses are houses.
Schoolings are teaching.
Schoolings are training.
A schoolroom is a room
Many schoolrooms become chaotic.
Schools administrators are to maintain a safe school environment - and keep guns out of schools.
Schools Classes are very important for the film actor.
Schools clubs volunteer to serve meals and conduct activities at the sites.
Schools curriculum displays CPAs as successful and profitable.
Schools districts can have it either way.
Some schools friends become life time friends.
Many schools systems are now a complex mix of races, cultures, languages and sexual orientation.
Many schools systems leave the decision up to individual schools.
Most schools systems have a menu that rotates every so many weeks.
Some schools systems do have programs in place to spot trouble before it gets out of control.
A schoolteacher is a teacher
Schoolteachers are able to co-ordinate projects with classrooms all over the globe.
Schoolteachers are teachers.
Schoolteachers endure stressful conditions for working class wages.
Schoolteachers fill a most valuable role and place in the classrooms.
Schoolteachers have a unique ability to exert power over their students.
Schoolteachers notice a shift from concrete thinking to abstract thinking in a child's development.
Schoolteachers still bring classes of youngsters to see The Rock.
Schoolteachers talk sadly about empty desks.
Schoolteachers trek, ski and dogsled.
Schoolteachers work with departmental staff to target behavior and emotional problems.
Schoolteachers often use the chalkboard to display things at large .
Schoolteachers often use the chalkboard to display things at large.
Most schoolteachers are.
A schoolwork is an assignment
Schoolwork becomes more demanding.
Schoolwork can suffer.
Schoolwork ceases being ephemera.
Schoolwork comes first.
Schoolwork consists of a little more than coloring and staying in between the lines.
Schoolwork continues to be done.
Schoolwork is better .
Schoolwork is death, which physic did except.
Schoolwork is rough and the competition's brutal.
Schoolwork is self-directed.
Schoolwork seems to be suffering for no apparent reason.
Schoolwork takes a priority.
Schoolworks are located in backpacks.
Schoolwork often comes in second to a great party.
Schoolwork often suffers.
All schoolwork depends on being able to read.
All schoolwork missed during that time has to be made up.
Schoolyard violence is nothing new.
A schoolyard is a yard
Schoolyard bully redux .
Schoolyard isa tract.
Schoolyards are quiet.
A schooner is a sailing ship
Schooners are glass.
Schooners are located in sea.
Schooners are sailing vessels.
Schooners are tall ships.
Schooners Buy one burger meal, get the next at half price.
Schooners can have between two and five masts.
Schooners carry as well a main topmast staysail.
Schooners have a rich nautical history.
Schooners is a sports bar offering appetizers, hors d'oeuvres and beverages.
Schooners keeps the prices low, the beer ice cold and the seafood fresh.
Schooners lie nearer the wind .
Schooners Live blues and rock music on weekends.
Schumann light is without action.
Schwab customers are able to manage their entire portfolio from the site.
Schwab employees speak approvingly of management's reluctance to lay off employees.
Schwab funds have great potential to possible earn very high yields for their investors.
Schwab products look great, too.
Schwartz alternation is well-suited to parallel computation.
Schwartzschild radius depends on mass of black hole for the size of the event horizon .
Sciatic leg hurts some just now.
A sciatic nerve is a nerve
Sciatic nerves are no exception.
Sciatic nerves become relaxed when there is an external application of the oil of the guggulu.
Sciatic pain extends down the buttock into the back of the leg and foot.
Sciatic pain is felt in the lower back with radiation down a leg.
Sciatic pain occurs when the disk presses one of the nerves that form the sciatic nerve.
Much sciatic pain is caused by the piriformis, as well as restless leg syndrome.
A sciatica is pain
Most sciatica is due to prolapse of a lumbar intervertebral disc.
Science academies can be a strong force for wise policymaking.
Science books are books.
Science books have pictures of Nebraska Man.
Science books outdate faster than they can be printed.
Many science books come in series.
Some science books say that it was first collected for scientific studies in Norway.
Science centers are for kids - and adults.
Science centers are in a unique position to communicate with the public all day, every day.
Science centers are places to discover, to explore, to test ideas about the natural world.
Science centers are well positioned to play an important role in our knowledge-based economy.
Science centers provide rich experiences in science.
Science centers provide the proof of that world view in our own country.
Some science centers have their own youth-oriented projects.
All science channels continue to provide excellent science data.
Science City is an interactive learning experience for young and old alike.
Science class brings an opportunity to grow marsh grasses, measure water quality and plant oysters.
Science class covers hoof diseases.
Science class is over.
Science class Listens to lectures.
Science classes are hard work.
Science classes are in the midst of a dynamic change.
Science classes are lab oriented.
Science classes are more structured That makes a big difference.
Science classes are two periods long.
Science classes can be supplements in various ways, mostly for research and supplementary material.
Science classes can investigate the links between science, technology, and society.
Science classes can use the lesson as a way to introduce interdependent relationships.
Science classes encourage process and discovery.
Science classes incorporate units on plants and environment.
Science classes infuse hands-on experimentation, scientific method, and data gathering.
Science classes meet on a regular basis.
Science classes meet six to seven periods a week to allow lab time.
Science classes offer lab experiences which are a big part of engineering curriculum.
Science classes offer unique opportunities that allow students to develop their social skills.
Science classes require lab reports.
Science classes study weather patterns that can be tracked in the paper.
Science classes use it to view pachyderms in an elephant sanctuary.
Science classes use the slough to study aquatic life and other water-based science.
Science classrooms offer activities.
Science department maintains the mesoscale network observations archives.
Science Dogs are descendants of wolves.
Science education can benefit from the use of humorous material addressing scientific themes.
Science education continues to be a priority for higher education.
Science education fosters students' desire to meet a challenge, take risks, and learn from mistakes.
Science education gives students a means to understand and act on such issues.
Science education is a dynamic process.
Science education is a national priority.
Science education is a sham if it marches to any other drummer.
Science education is a vital base for surveyors and scientists.
Science education is an important curriculum area that relies on the use of scientific technology.
Science education is crucial in our increasingly complex and technological society.
Science education is extremely important.
Science education is often limited due to lack of funds, experience, equipment, and resources.
Science education is one of the areas that qualifies for the Kansas teaching scholarship funds.
Science education is our mission.
Science education is the act of obtaining knowledge about science.
Science education is the key to the birth of new technologies and innovations.
Science education is the obvious choice.
Science education is unique and inherently more difficult.
Science education needs considerable improvement at the elementary level.
Science education needs that type of metamorphosis.
Science education needs to involve experiences rather than just displaying.
Science education needs to tailor science courses to provide such graduates.
Science education presents tremendous challenges, however.
Science education provides all students with the opportunity to become scienctifically literate.
Science education relies on the use of scientific technology.
Science educators are too often concerned with their research first and their students second.
Science educators make a distinction between science and school science.
Science envy is a strong persuader.
Science experiments are nonexistent because of lack of time.
Science experiments are often a child's first homework.
Science experiments involve topics.
Science experiments offer children new explorations and new contexts for using literacy skills.
Science experiments require a precise use of measurement.
Science Experiments Welcome to the science quiz.
Most science experiments involve topics.
Some science experiments help children.
Science fact is built on reproducible experiments.
Science fact is that energy can only change forms.
Science facts are facts.
Science facts are scientific events or items that are known to exist.
Science facts come to life with animation, sound, photography, and narration.
Science facts come to life with animation, sound, video and photography.
Science facts come to life with animation, sound, video, photography and narration.
Science facts come to life with animation, sound, video, photography, and narration.
Science facts come to life with narration, sound, video and animation.
Science facts comes to life with animation, sound, video, photography, and narration.
Some science facts can be a bit over younger readers.
Science fairs are competitions many of our students enter into with pride.
Science fairs are educational events.
Science fairs are simply a means for encouraging students to investigate and think critically.
Science fairs can be one of the most exciting parts of the entire school curriculum.
Science fairs help develop the next generation of scientists.
Most science fairs require multiple trials for an experiment.
Some science fairs discourage the use of food in experiments because of food allergies.
Some science fairs require the student to be present to explain the project to the judges.
Science Festivals offer outlying schools hands-on science for the entire student body.
Science fiction authors use ideas.
Science fiction aids science teaching.
Science fiction articulates the consequences of a faith in a technological future.
Science fiction attempts to use what is known to hypthesize about the unknown.
Science fiction attracts fans like no other genre of literature.
Science fiction becomes fact in time.
Science fiction blazes the distant future and illuminates many different possible paths.
Science fiction boasts many specialized critical terms.
Science fiction can barely keep ahead of medical and technological advances.
Science fiction can be both uplifting and frightening at the same time.
Science fiction can be far more than simple entertainment.
Science Fiction can be some of the poorest written work in the literary world.
Science fiction can comment on important issues in society.
Science fiction can get so way out of hand it becomes stupid.
Science Fiction can have it all ways.
Science fiction can make the abstract more concrete.
Science fiction can warn or entice.
Science fiction changes over time .
Science fiction changes over time.
Science fiction continues to be a booming market.
Science fiction demands engagement of the mind.
Science fiction does have a habit of turning into science fact.
Science Fiction Enjoy our pages and please visit our clients .
Science fiction expresses faith in human ingenuity, human intelligence and the human spirit.
Science Fiction gets boring when it's too unreal.
Science Fiction Grows Up.
Science fiction has a great future.
Science fiction has a long and complex history.
Science fiction has a much greater scope, and that is the exploration of the human being.
Science fiction has an annoying habit of becoming science fact.
Science fiction has it all.
Science fiction has no business being mixed in with real science in our public school classrooms.
Science fiction is a category, like fantasy and romance, nothing more.
Science fiction is a charming romance intermingled with scientific fact and prophetic vision.
Science fiction is a continuing dialog of ideas, one generation to the next.
Science fiction is a depiction of the real.
Science fiction is a fantasy
Science fiction is a form of literature that takes place in an altered time or reality.
Science fiction is a fundamentally optimistic literature.
Science fiction is a fun-house mirror for a society warped by raging technological advance.
Science fiction is a literature of prophecy into the worlds of 'IF'.
Science fiction is a menace to the way of life of all right-thinking people.
Science fiction is a very successful genre right now.
Science fiction is a wellspring of predictions for the next century.
Science fiction is about expanding the limits of imagination.
Science fiction is about the future, mostly.
Science fiction is about, in essence, looking at the human race.
Science fiction is all metaphor, like poetry.
Science fiction is an historical literature.
Science fiction is an idealized type of vision of the life of the future.
Science fiction is at least based on science.
Science fiction is by definition forward looking.
Science fiction is characterized by being future-oriented, rationalistic, and technological.
Science fiction is commonplace.
Science fiction is currently open.
Science fiction is definitely hot at the box office.
Science fiction is different from fantasy.
Science fiction is enjoyable to read or watch for entertainment.
Science fiction is fantasies.
Science fiction is fashionable again.
Science fiction is fiction.
Science fiction is genres.
Science fiction is grounded in science fact.
Science fiction is in the highly unique literary position to deal with both .
Science fiction is metaphor.
Science fiction is modern myth.
Science fiction is more exciting than normal science.
Science fiction is more speculative than fantasy.
Science fiction is no more written for scientists that ghost stories are written for ghosts.
Science fiction is often about the politics of the here and now.
Science fiction is often more of the past and the present than it is of the future.
Science fiction is on the rise as far as the networks are concerned.
Science fiction is part of the process.
Science fiction is pretty low on the totem pole in most people's estimation.
Science fiction is sometimes closer to and often farther ahead of the truth than hard, cold reality.
Science fiction is such a finicky genre.
Science fiction is supposed to be plausible.
Science fiction is that menu.
Science fiction is the best way of examining the future.
Science fiction is the literature of ideas.
Science fiction is the literature of the possible.
Science fiction is the material from which dreams begin their initial journey to reality.
Science fiction is the mirror of our dreams and ambitions.
Science fiction is the mythology of our age.
Science fiction is the one genre where human beings' relationship to their world is explored.
Science fiction is the one genre where the human being's relationship to their world is explored.
Science fiction is the parent genre of all postmodernism.
Science fiction is the subconscious of science.
Science fiction is the very literature of change.
Science fiction is the way men and women in the twentieth century have dreamed of the future.
Science fiction is traditionally a literature of ideas, of imaginings.
Science fiction is very good for shaking up the grey matter in the brain.
Science fiction is wide open to imagination so is our scientific future.
Science fiction is, one, entertainment, and two, extrapolation.
Science fiction lends distance that adds perspective to contemporary issues.
Science fiction obsolesces faster than pop music.
Science fiction provides a good background for political discussions, and a highly enjoyable class.
Science fiction requires a lot of skills for a first-time novelist.
Science fiction says otherwise.
Science fiction says, 'Now wait a second.
Science fiction seems to be at work here.
Science fiction shows societal and universal evolution on the grandest scale.
Science Fiction Soulmates Our favorite couples from around the galaxy.
Science Fiction sparks the imagination of scientists and creative people alike.
Science fiction stands in the present and looks towards the future.
Science fiction underscores that way of thinking.
Science Fiction Visit the home of Star Trek .
Science fiction works best.
Some science fiction is more fiction than science.
Some science fiction treats the science as the underlying metaphor.
Science funding is allocated in a number of different bills.
Science journal is the global weekly on research and has articles on line.
Science journals are a way for students and teachers to communicate.
Science journals fit in well in a school that emphasizes writing.
Science journals go wired.
Science journals provide opportunities for children to record information.
Many science journals are available on the Web, with more appearing every day.
Science journalism can be a frustrating craft.
Science journalists consider themselves an elite.
A science lab is work
Science labs are hands-on, with the opportunity to do real science in a small college setting.
Science labs are inadequate.
Science labs are limited to small groups of students at all grade levels.
Science labs are well equipped.
Science literacy is possible.
Science literacy is the knowledge and understanding of scientific concepts and processes.
Science magazine gets on track with a super editorial about the animal rights nuts.
Science magazine has a special issue devoted to nanotechnology.
Science magazine has some recent technical articles.
Science magazine is any guide.
Many science magazines are on-line.
A science museum is a museum
Science museums are a good source as well as yacht names.
Science museums are always fun.
Science news contains current articles of scientific interest.
Science news is more inspiring than reading about scandals and plane crashes.
Science of mind involves affirmation rather than denial.
Science Of mind is great.
Science parks are found all over the world , but they mostly exist in developed countries .
Science parks are found all over the world, but they mostly exist in developed countries.
Science parks facilitate contact between industry and colleges and universities.
Science policy is difficult.
Science policy is increasingly anti-scientific.
Science policy is the study of such interactions.
Science popularisation has to enrich debate and feed a growing exchange on the issues.
Science project ideas relate to energy.
Science project includes embyronated eggs, incubator, project books and leaders guide.
Science projects are a very labor-intensive activity in terms of mentoring.
Science projects are boring.
Science projects can introduce kids to the practicalities and theory of real life applications.
Science Projects contain field trip suggestions, further activities and handouts.
Science Projects Get the basic steps to a science project.
Science projects grow on the kitchen windowsill and art projects line the walls.
Science projects vary with each expedition.
Some science projects require the direction of a superhuman.
Science research is the ore from which communications products are smelted and forged.
Science Societies Join the big family of scientific researchers.
Science studies are about the states of matter and the weather.
Science studies is a discipline much influenced by literature professors.
Science studies objects and identifies their properties.
Science studies quarks and the human genome.
Science study includes studying the digestive system, space, weather, and animal communities.
Most science studies matter.
Some science studies invite such criticism simply by choice of topics.
A science teacher is a teacher
Science teachers are a key part of the process.
Science teachers are always in short supply.
Science teachers are as well placed as any to do so.
Science teachers are eligible.
Science teachers are in demand at the upper elementary and high school levels.
Science teachers are often interested.
Science teachers are on the front line of the battle.
Science teachers are teachers.
Science teachers are upset that some schools downplay evolution .
Science teachers assume responsibility for enabling learners to reach their potential.
Science teachers can focus upon careers in oceanography, as well as meterology.
Science teachers can light up a Bunsen burner to drive home their points.
Science teachers can take students there to study plants.
Science teachers can use it to categorize and store a list of science fair projects.
Science teachers draw attention.
Science teachers explain ideas.
Science teachers have an inaccurate view of the nature of science.
Science teachers have ten minutes to concoct a science activity from a secret ingredient.
Science teachers have ten minutes to concoct a science activity that can be used in the classroom.
Science teachers integrate database and spreadsheet activities into the regular curriculum.
Science teachers look for ideas.
Science teachers look for new ideas.
Science teachers participate in an intensive four-week summer session.
Science teachers say the same.
Science teachers spend a summer learning at sea - and hope to bring new ideas back to their classes.
Science teachers spend extra time with the students even outside of class.
Science teachers spend their days working closely with English, French, and social studies teachers.
Science teachers struggle with students' misconceptions, particularly in the area of mechanics.
Science teachers tend to like the schedule, as it offers longer lab periods.
Science teachers wheel computers into labs for experiments.
All science teachers can remember their greatest lessons and teaching experiences.
Any science teacher is eligible to apply for a grant award.
Most science teachers draw attention.
Most science teachers explain ideas.
Most science teachers look for ideas.
Most science teachers look for new ideas.
Some science teachers have pet snakes.
Some science teachers have snakes.
Science team members use observations.
Science technicians have an important contribution to make to the quality of learning.
Science technicians use science and math to solve problems in research and development.
Science theatre makes science more readily accessible and understandable to everyone.
Science today is exciting, and full of opportunities.
Science today is published overwhelmingly in journals.
Science today is taught and conducted much differently than it was thirty years ago.
Science today is vigorous partly because research and teaching go well together.
Science today plays a much larger role in the making of foreign policy than ever before.
Science today plays a much larger role in the making of foreign policy than it did before.
Science writers can play an important role as well.
Science writers inherit ideas.
Science writers talk with anthropologists.
Science writers write for the public, they write in magazines, and books for children.
Most science writers inherit ideas.
Science writing can be a difficult thing.
Science writing offers a model for critical thinking.
Most science writing is notorious for using dull passive verbs.
Science accepts nothing on faith.
Science actually discounts the idea of there being two parents of all humanity.
Science addresses itself to objective reality, but so does art.
Science advances always by reference to past work.
Science advances in much the same way.
Science advances more through such communal consciousness that through individual consciousness.
Science advances through access to, and the unfettered use of, factual information.
Science advances through legitimate skepticism.
Science affects human life.
Science affects life.
Science affirms that the human species is an emergence from natural evolutionary forces.
Science affords a means of predicting the future, from the observation of past experience.
Science aids preservation.
Science aims at a precise, unambiguous, literal language.
Science aims for an objective truth and gets dirty along the way through the subjective process.
Science aims to break things down, level by level by level.
Science allows our knowledge of people to grow.
Science also assures change management of a rational and repeatable process.
Science also builds wealth - for countries, communities and individuals.
Science also can help assess a policy after it has been implemented.
Science also can show how to bring the interest of the individual into harmony with that of society.
Science also figures prominently in the mission.
Science also has a role to play in guiding the strategies proposed to lessen the impacts.
Science also has the power of verification by experiment to guide assertions back to reality.
Science also helps develop critical thinking skills.
Science also includes experiences based on the scientific method and exploration.
Science also includes units on heat, light, sound, magnets, energy, chemical changes, and animals.
Science also offers a complete resource for scientists and others interested in the human genome.
Science also provides the flexibility and resilience to adapt to changing national requirements.
Science also says that yeast growth leads to greater fusel alcohol levels.
Science also seems to suggest the cheery, optimistic approach.
Science also shows that certain plants, such as clover, help the deer grow larger antlers.
Science also tries to speak about same origins.
Science analyzes, classifies and explains phenomena.
Science analyzes, the humanities reconstitutes.
Science answers no ontological questions.
Science appears to be caught in the middle between myth and mysticism.
Science appears to be incompatible with the femininity of women.
Science appears to be offering humanity a naturalistic alternative to spiritual salvation.
Science applies chemistry.
Science applies methods.
Science Apply the concept of force and inertia to predict the motion of objects.
Science Apply the law of conservation of energy.
Science approaches the issue through the use of facts, observation, experiment and reason.
Science arouses a soaring sense of wonder.
Science arrives at a conclusion only on the basis of a hypothesis.
Science Ask children to list the animals and insects that appear in Barefoot .
Science Ask students to move like different kinds of animals.
Science asks the 'How' and philosophy asks the 'Why'.
Science asks the question what while religious faith asks the question why.
Science asks what and how, philosophy asks why, myth and religion ask who.
Science asks why.
Science assumes natural causes.
Science assumes that nature is the same everywhere, and that it is understandable and predictable.
Science assumes that reality is monistic, i.e., that there is only one kind of ultimate substance.
Science assumes the universe is a vast single system in which basic laws are consistent.
Science attaches great importance to the sun.
Science attempts to be as objective as possible in controlling variables.
Science attempts to describe and explain the natural and physical world.
Science attempts to describe degrees of causal relationships.
Science attempts to describe, predict, control, and explain phenomena.
Science attempts to discover what is unknown.
Science attempts to explain certain phenomena.
Science attracts different people for different reasons.
Science background a plus.
Science barely rises above the background clutter in the various bills.
Science based evidence comes with a set of performance measures of effectiveness for evaluation.
Science bases on truth.
Science Be careful to choose books which are consistent in their level of readability.
Science beats astronomy, a quack science.
Science beats crime and employment as a popular media topic.
Science beats junk science in rubber match.
Science becomes a real-life practical and exciting experience.
Science becomes a tool of domination and a suspect magical enterprise.
Science becomes an adventure as students conduct experiments on salinity.
Science becomes enjoyable.
Science becomes good almost automatically when it is in accordance with the Quranic text.
Science becomes more interesting to students when they can see how it relates to the real world.
Science becomes ritual, and ritual is overwhelmingly aesthetic.
Science becomes the work of the gods, is shunned or is enshrined as law or procedure.
Science begins to be more departmentalized in the fourth and fifth grade levels.
Science begins with a combination of wonder and skepticism.
Science begins with curiosity.
Science begins with observation of data, religion with religious experiences and sacred stories.
Science begins with observation of the data, religion with religious experiences and sacred stories.
Science begins with the universe.
Science believes animals and plants are all just unconscious automatons.
Science believes that all matter is based on the atom, the nucleus of which is frequency.
Science believes that it knows something about nature.
Science believes that there is another culprit.
Science belongs completely to the domain of rationality.
Science belongs to all the people.
Science belongs to everyone.
Science benefits from contributions.
Science brings nations together.
Science brings to the light of day everything man had believed sacred.
Science brings with it a taste of freedom, for good and for transparency and for accountability.
Science Build an understanding of earth science, physical science, and life science.
Science Build an understanding of the earth and natural sciences.
Science builds brick by brick upon the knowledge gained in the past.
Science builds on the results that are often presented in scientific publications.
Science builds on the seminal work of earlier authors.
Science builds through an advance in knowledge.
Science Call no.
Science calls the newly born chicks, eyas.
Science can accept that everything including time, space, laws and matter evolved out of nothing.
Science can acquire and develop further our national cultural heritage.
Science can actually be fun, despite the complicated math, etc.
Science can also provide solution to the challenges revealed.
Science can also provide solutions.
Science can also suggest new forms of the argument from design.
Science can alter other creature's very genetic structure to suit our desires and the market value.
Science can be a companion on our journey.
Science can be a good preparation for a useful life outside science.
Science can be a great source of drama.
Science can be a powerful force for promoting democracy.
Science can be a religion, too.
Science can be basic and science can be difficult.
Science can be beautiful as well as fascinating.
Science can be both a curse and a blessing.
Science can be complicated.
Science can be creative, rewarding, and fun for everyone.
Science can be difficult.
Science can be exciting as well as interactive.
Science can be frustrating.
Science can be fun and interesting.
Science can be fun, a learning experience and safe.
Science can be fun, and is one of the most fascinating adventures anybody can engage in.
Science can be fun, interesting, and taught on a low budget.
Science can be fun.
Science can be great but interesting teachers are needed at all levels.
Science can be great fun when students become engaged in the excitement of scientific discovery.
Science can be great fun, and children enjoy working on science activities.
Science can be just the thing.
Science can be objective.
Science can be really really fun.
Science can be so much fun.
Science can be solitary and lack social interaction.
Science can be something of a killjoy.
Science can be the golden road out of poverty and backwardness for emerging nations.
Science can be very expensive.
Science can be wrong, and our interpretation of Scripture can be wrong.
Science can be wrong.
Science can certainly help.
Science can consider only natural mechanisms as explanations for the natural world.
Science can deal with that.
Science can derive meaningful analogies by comparing populations of objects or entities.
Science can destroy superstition and reveal truth, but science's pursuit of truth is a process.
Science can destroy the world.
Science can determine with a fairly good degree of certainty if a person is alive or dead.
Science can discover truth about observable, repeatable phenomena.
Science can do a lot better than that.
Science can do little or nothing for the human condition.
Science can do no better, though many scientists try to explain it.
Science can do quite well even if limited to appearances and to probabilities.
Science can do very powerful good, but it can also do very powerful evil.
Science can either help society in an important way, or it can destroy society.
Science can establish or disprove only testable statements and theories about the real world.
Science can explain how everything works physically in relation to everything else.
Science can explain natural phenomenon.
Science can explain some things, but so very little in the scheme of things.
Science can figure a way.
Science can figure out what produces consciousness.
Science can find an answer for everything.
Science can handle with skill and insight the evolution of form.
Science can help commodify even something as unruly as x-rays.
Science can help consumers to sort out facts from marketing hype.
Science can help determine the solution.
Science can help provide information and choices.
Science can help to acquire common sense, but it is situated on a level above it.
Science can help to remedy environmental degradation attributed to agricultural practice.
Science can identity one by DNA, blood type, finger print, etc.
Science can in no way establish the claim that nothing supernatural or eternal is real.
Science can include physics, chemistry, biology, etc.
Science can influence human life and shape our future in several direct and indirect ways.
Science can inform but policy decides when making regulatory judgments.
Science can inspire greater reverence, wonder, and awe.
Science can investigate only the empirical, the natural world.
Science can lend credibility to their struggles and the environmental movement as a whole.
Science can make sense, both in ordinary language and in human terms.
Science can make use of obvious facts, intuition, and analogies.
Science can momentarily go wrong as in the case of alleged cold fusion a few years ago.
Science can neither verify nor disprove the supernatural.
Science can never be ancient.
Science can never have more than a limited understanding of the world.
Science can never know anything about what is outside the universe.
Science can never prove negative propositions absolutely.
Science can never provide any complete and definitive understanding of reality.
Science can offer a lot of knowledge about that.
Science can only answer certain kinds of questions.
Science can only be basic at material space, which dont have form, size, born-time.
Science can only be nihilistic.
Science can only confirm that souls exist but can provide no information as to their nature.
Science can only deal 'with the natural world.
Science can only delineate the water quality problem.
Science can only flourish in a society which is both at the same time literate and numerate.
Science can only go so far back, before something needed to exist.
Science can only grow stronger if questioned.
Science can only hope to produce ever-improved explanations for nature's workings.
Science can only make progress by taking small steps.
Science can only measure objective data.
Science can only progress if theories make testable predictions.
Science can only progress through the effective communication of the results of laboratory research.
Science can only prove repeatable things.
Science can only provide clues about the way the world is.
Science can point out some interesting things.
Science can produce a numerical estimate of the probability that they exist based upon observations.
Science can produce only certain kinds of explanations .
Science can prove much of the things in the bible.
Science can provide frameworks and examples.
Science can purify religion from error and superstition.
Science can put a limit on what is possible.
Science can receive advisement from a number of sources, both in person and online.
Science can rule out a metaphysical claim, then.
Science can say nothing about the supernatural.
Science can solve many economic, ecological and medical problems faced by Africa.
Science can t ever prove it, only convict it beyond reasonable doubt.
Science can therefore say nothing about the act of creation as a scientifically verifiable fact.
Science can tolerate being unsure about some things.
Science can verify it's continuity.
Science can yield new and seemingly useful inventions, such as trans fats.
Science can, therefore, change our social and political landscapes.
Science cavils satirically at the theological dualism of a good and an evil principle in nature.
Science certainly has much to say on taking precautions.
Science challenges our minds to look beyond and to discover new things.
Science changes Life .
Science changes our values in two ways.
Science claims that radioactive isotopes decay is an uncaused event.
Science claims to be a priveleged way of knowing.
Science claims to be objective.
Science claims to know truths and discover reality.
Science claims to provide a system for finding out what is real.
Science classifies living things in an orderly system through which they can be readily identified.
Science clearly demonstrates that it improves the nausea of morning sickness.
Science clearly has winners and losers.
Science clearly shows that yoga and meditation have beneficial effects.
Science clearly works.
Science Click a category below, then click a source or topic within the category .
Science Click a topic.
Science combines with cross-cultural experience.
Science comes alive in here.
Science comes alive when students study an active volcano or hike through a rainforest.
Science comes first.
Science comes from the Latin scientia which means knowledge.
Science comes from the Latin word scienta, which means knowledge.
Science comes in to attempt to provide knowledge.
Science comes to life in laboratories.
Science comes to life through visits to the Science Lab.
Science comes to life with narration, sound, video, and animation.
Science comes to terms with the lessons of fraud.
Science comes up with important questions to be answered.
Science commands an extra respect.
Science concerns itself with adaptations, and science itself is adaptation.
Science concerns itself with particular areas of truths.
Science concerns itself with the past, present, and future of human life.
Science Conduct a bush study, a stream study or a study of birds, animals and insects.
Science Conducts scientific investigations.
Science confines itself to the factual realm.
Science confirms inspiration.
Science confirms some plants bully others.
Science confirms the obvious.
Science confuses laws with observations.
Science connects information to form patterns of cause and effect.
Science considers deep skepticism a prime feature.
Science consists in inquiring how to do things right.
Science consists of a body of precise statements which can be tested or proved.
Science consists of conjectural or refuted theories, never proven ones.
Science consists of solved problems .
Science consists of strictly causal explanations of empirically established laws.
Science consists of using good facts.
Science consists precisely in demonstrating how the law of value asserts itself.
Science constructs models to represent an approximation of the actual processes.
Science contains links to educational sites appropriate for children.
Science continues to be a great source of interest for the children.
Science continues to confirm the relationship between the brain and the body.
Science continues to demonstrate that beef fits into healthy diets.
Science continues to open new realms of knowledge with powerful new technology.
Science continues to outpace religion and ethics at a startling rate.
Science continues to refine ways of reducing noise.
Science continues to search for a new cure.
Science continues to show that the mind and body are connected.
Science continues to support the role food plays in maintaining health.
Science continues to test, re-test and examine the the nature of breath alcohol testing.
Science continues to unravel many mysteries of our world and universe.
Science contradicts the Bible in many ways and raises many other questions concerning science.
Science costs money - to do and to teach.
Science costs money to do and to teach.
Science Covers environmental topics such as climate change.
Science covers the mental field of knowledge and religion the mental field of belief .
Science covers the sports of baseball, cycling, hockey and skateboarding.
Science creates technology and technology changes society.
Science deals only with natural patterns and mechanisms.
Science deals with abstract conception.
Science deals with aspects.
Science deals with cause and effect relationships based on the laws of nature.
Science deals with characteristics.
Science deals with conception.
Science deals with effects.
Science deals with evidence.
Science deals with improvement.
Science deals with interaction.
Science deals with life.
Science deals with logic.
Science deals with matter.
Science deals with measurements.
Science deals with possibility.
Science deals with prehistoric life.
Science deals with that which is observable and reproducible.
Science deals with that which is subject to physical measurements and experimentation.
Science deals with the latter, and religion with the former.
Science deals with the laws of nature.
Science deals with the rational, practice deals with frightened patients.
Science deals with theories.
Science deals with things that are testable, observable, and demonstrable.
Science defeats false memory propaganda.
Science defines egg as a cell from which a living organism takes birth and grows.
Science defines patterns that describe and predict behavior as personality type.
Science defines pregnancy as implantation of a fertilized egg in the wall of the uterus.
Science demands evidence.
Science demands hundreds of specimens and tests before accepting a conclusion.
Science demands precision.
Science demands stringent controls now if changes are to be kept to a minimum.
Science Demonstrate an understanding of scientific inquiry.
Science demonstrates biological integrity.
Science demonstrates integrity.
Science demonstrates the earth is round . . .
Science denies the presence of man in that period.
Science depends in large measure on serendipity, plain good luck meeting a receptive mind.
Science depends on collaboration and mentoring.
Science depends on curiosity and the freedom to pursue that curiosity.
Science depends on direct observation, repetition of events, etc.
Science depends on faith far more than is generally assumed.
Science depends on reproducibility.
Science depends on skepticism, review, criticism, and replication.
Science depends on such well judged intellectual freedom.
Science depends on the pursuit of information unfettered by politics.
Science depends upon a total and complete devotion to truth, honesty and integrity.
Science depends upon principles, and art upon practice.
Science derives from principles.
Science describes how nature works and what is possible.
Science describes our external world.
Science describes the world.
Science Develops an awareness of properties, objects, and materials.
Science develops in a non-linear pattern.
Science develops knowledge of plant and animal life cycles.
Science develops nonalgorithmically and nonlinearly.
Science develops theories based on what is observed.
Science develops thinking, problem-solving, and lifelong learning skills.
Science dictionaries Glossaries and dictionaries for several scientific disciplines.
Science differs from art in the same manner that knowledge differs from skill.
Science digests the secrets of voracious killer snails.
Science discerns the laws of nature.
Science discoveries on the net.
Science discovers many issues, e.g., asbestos.
Science Discovers the Child.
Science discovers the saola.
Science Discuss the environmental relationships between river, land, animal, plant and human life.
Science Discuss the necessity of using baking soda in biscuits.
Science disproves the Bible.
Science dissects consciousness, consciousness dissects science.
Science dissects Thought.
Science does best with things that can be calculated mathematically.
Science does indeed provide an endless frontier.
Science does it's best with the evidence at hand.
Science does play a role in art.
Science does play a role in the debate, but it is only one factor to consider.
Science does require a supportive social and political order.
Science does that, and math does that.
Science does the same thing.
Science does use deduction.
Science does well to always look further.
Science doubts everything, including that it has solved a problem.
Science driven means the purpose of the study is to find out the truth.
Science drives technology as it addresses questions that demand more sophisticated instruments.
Science drives the vision.
Science embodies a basic belief in the comprehensibility of the universe.
Science emphasizes geology, living and non-living habitats, bones, and more.
Science employs a logical and empirical methodology to understand the natural world.
Science enables a cat to speak.
Science encompasses a wide variety of disciplines.
Science encompasses virtually every aspect of our lives.
Science encourages all the children in the classroom to use the language and methods of science.
Science encourages children.
Science encourages creativity.
Science encourages openness to the unusual, but an openness which is based on evidence.
Science encourages students.
Science encourages such qualities.
Science enhances performance.
Science entails sound logic and the seeking of evidence to support beliefs.
Science entertains all sorts of theories but embraces only what can be proven.
Science equals truth.
Science especially seems to be the neglected step-child in the elementary school.
Science established is science fenced in.
Science establishes guidelines.
Science establishes X with absolute certainty.
Science even says that for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
Science ever tends to the illumination of the world of humanity.
Science evolves over decades.
Science examines the science behind the most popular team and recreational .
Science examines the science behind the most popular team and recreational sports.
Science excludes any suggestion of teleology, considering it a form of religious belief.
Science exercises hegemony.
Science exists in the mind of man as an ideal reality.
Science exists only when scientists can persuade one another of the validity of their theories.
Science explain how to produce the best corn crop.
Science explains all reality in terms of cause and effect relationships and sufficient reason.
Science explains all.
Science explains and predicts.
Science explains concepts.
Science explains facts.
Science explains particular phenomenon in terms of universally valid laws.
Science explains phenomena.
Science explains principles.
Science explains the natural world in material, naturalistic ways using observation and measurement.
Science explains the natural world using evidence from the natural world.
Science explains, religion reveals, science informs, but religion reforms.
Science exploits animals for research.
Science falls short on one side and religion on the other.
Science fills the needs of many people.
Science Find as many words and syllables as possible from the word pineapple.
Science Find out about other space flights.
Science Find out about the diffrent inquirys that happened and their links.
Science Find out about wind and weather patterns.
Science finds an equation.
Science finds facts, religion or spirituality gives meaning.
Science finds it methods.
Science finds more support for chaos theory than orderly laws.
Science finds new applications for an old pain remedy.
Science finds order and meaning in our experience.
Science finds the answer.
Science finds the truth lies somewhere in between.
Science focuses on empirical phenomena.
Science focuses on how science effects people and environment.
Science focuses on research techniques.
Science focuses on science.
Science focuses on the purely objective side of reality, leaving out human values.
Science follows certain rules and guidelines.
Science follows from exploration by answering questions in a verifiable and systematic way.
Science follows geometric, progressive formulas.
Science forms the Personality .
Science fortunately rectifies such errors by negative feedback.
Science furnishes neither truth nor moral values.
Science generally starts with an unanswered question or problem in the mind of the researcher.
Science generates knowledge to the benefit of the human being.
Science Get the greatest magazines at discount prices.
Science gets great media coverage.
Science gets it's ideas from folklore, and research is used to back the claims.
Science gets kids in on the action .
Science gets real through collaboration Collaborative research is a fact of life here.
Science gets spendy.
Science gets the joke.
Science gives a rich context for genuine language use.
Science gives authority to the exhibitions and they provide a shop window for the science.
Science gives cause only in an immediate sense.
Science gives specialty juice a big slice f the market.
Science gives students an understanding of the animal kingdom and an introduction to chemistry.
Science gives theology perspective while theology gives science meaning.
Science gives theology perspective, while theology gives science meaning.
Science gives up something fundamental to perception.
Science giveth bad news, but sometimes it taketh away again.
Science Go back to the top of the page .
Science goes further than fiction in Crichton book Earth .
Science goes neither one direction nor the other in deciding that point.
Science goes on everyday here in Antarctica, even on Sundays.
Science goes on in many different settings.
Science goes through paradigm shifts.
Science goes where the evidence leads.
Science governs our decisions.
Science grows by insistent curiosity and incessant hopefulness.
Science grows by the accretion of ideas.
Science grows through many discrete bubbles of expanding knowledge.
Science grows with time.
Science guides the texture of meringue.
Science harbors no doubts but that a newly conceived human being is indeed fully human.
Science has a definite history.
Science has a different appearance.
Science has a different meaning here.
Science has a duty to inform and educate the public, in no uncertain terms.
Science has a few articles and other information on-line.
Science has a habit of catching up to our dreams.
Science has a large role to play in defining and understanding sustainability.
Science has a long and unsavory history of severely punishing innovation and new thinking.
Science has a lot of hands-on activities to reinforce the lessons.
Science has a meaning.
Science has a responsibility to society.
Science has a role to play in decisions about food production.
Science has a similar problem with the human brain.
Science has a tremendous amount of problem solving and organizational skills associated with it.
Science has a vital role to play in any budget deliberation.
Science has a way of being a real roller-coaster experience.
Science has a way of building fact upon fact.
Science has a way of getting to the future without consulting futurists.
Science has a wide range of opportunities from mammals to bugs, outer space to earth.
Science has a wonderful self-correcting aspect.
Science has a worrying habit of achieving the impossible.
Science has already repeatedly prove itself wrong here.
Science has an amusing way of finally catching up with cultural wisdom.
Science has an enormous contribution to give here.
Science has an impact on their lives, and they can have an impact on science as well.
Science has an impressive record of achievement.
Science has answers and more questions.
Science has answers.
Science has as important a role in the novel as poetry and music.
Science has awareness.
Science has beauty.
Science has big theorems, but the way it's conveyed to U.S. students is like a large laundry list.
Science has biodiversity.
Science has decisions.
Science has dimensions.
Science has discovered that the observed is energy, the object is energy.
Science has evidence.
Science has far to go before it matches the ingenuity of a wayside weed.
Science has for a long time tied smoking to a strong risk of lung cancer in BOTH males and females.
Science has general agreement that it bio-accumulates.
Science has high, ethical principles.
Science has hyperlinks from reference citations to the articles to which they refer.
Science has in fact become the secular religion of the West, in a very particular sense.
Science has it all.
Science has it that they are attracted to carbon dioxide, so avoid heavy breathing.
Science has limitations.
Science has limits.
Science has little effect upon superstition.
Science has little sympathy with what is regarded by the world as amusement.
Science has little to do with the theory of evolution.
Science has many branches .
Science has many branches.
Science has many Christian roots.
Science has many different areas of interest.
Science has many disciplines, all interrelated.
Science has much more to say today.
Science has no answer to man's dilemma.
Science has no answer.
Science has no authority.
Science has no consensus on the ultimate origin.
Science has no explanation or theory for the origin of matter and energy.
Science has no explantion as to why each episode is so similar to other people.
Science has no killer demonstration proving that religion and the supernatural are untrue.
Science has no magic to make that truth any easier to swallow.
Science has no obligation whatsoever to conform the answers it discovers to religious doctrine.
Science has no opinion about what is right and wrong.
Science has no place for the mind.
Science has no political affiliation.
Science has no proper jurisdiction in the question of origin or destiny.
Science has no such answers.
Science has no such designs.
Science has no use for such an hypothesis.
Science has no way to calculate the cumulative effects of multiple exposures.
Science has no way to know.
Science has nothing to be ashamed of, even in the ruins of Nagasaki.
Science has nothing to do with creationism.
Science has nothing to do with hatred, but with reality.
Science has nothing to do with it.
Science has nothing to do with the question under discussion.
Science has nothing to say about such creation since it falls far outside the realm of science.
Science has nothing to say on the subject.
Science has nothing to say.
Science has objectivity.
Science has one of the best designed Web pages of the Big name journals.
Science has places.
Science has powerful influence in the real world.
Science has pretty much made creator gods and any god's control over natural phenomena superfluous.
Science has proof without any certainty.
Science has proof without certainty.
Science has proof.
Science has proven survivors are positive thinkers.
Science has results.
Science has rules for evaluating evidence.
Science has sacred texts.
Science has so many implications that it calls for an increased awareness on the part of conscience.
Science has some well-known limitations.
Science has the ability to be the catalyst for change.
Science has the answer.
Science has the facts, the knowledge and the rules of nature.
Science has the highest paid circulation of any scientific journal in the world.
Science has the luxury of finding an increasingly adequate picture of the world as it is.
Science has the necessary information as to what plants are suitable.
Science has the powerful indirect effect of improving human health and opportunity.
Science has the wonderful ability of creating medicines that better people's living conditions.
Science has theories, religion has beliefs.
Science has time for holidays.
Science has to be an educational exchange.
Science has to have a lot of communication.
Science has to have limits of conscience, especially in the new era of globalisation.
Science has to interact with daily life.
Science has to rely on society's moral and spiritual guidance.
Science has treatments.
Science has two bipartisan advocates with major roles in the impeachment drama.
Science has within itself a certain self-correctiveness, though it is slow in action.
Science has yet to explain the phenomena.
Science has yet to explain why they refuse to shed their protective coating of black fabric.
Science has yet to fully understand what is there in total.
Science has yet to produce a conclusive study that shows homosexuality has a biological cause.
Science has yet to prove or disprove the link.
Science has yet to prove the existence of randomness.
Science Have the students find what kinds of animals live in Australia.
Science Hear what Christian scientists have to say about science and faith.
Science Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Science helps strip away superstition to the point that only the transcendental truths remain.
Science helps teachers.
Science helps techniques.
Science helps to inform decisions, as do cost analyses, legal reviews, and town meetings.
Science helps train techniques.
Science Here are dozens of printable worksheets for almost all the science categories.
Science highlights a.
Science hits the stage.
Science holds adventures in the world of living things.
Science holds the answers to all the questions of life.
Science holds two main branches, each a mirror of the other.
Science hopes to identify even more organisms beneficial to the treatment of disease.
Science however does say things about life before death, and here some facts exist of interest.
Science identifies the problem.
Science Identify an adaptation that helps a predator obtain food, drink, and shelter.
Science Identify how long different products take to break down in the enviornment.
Science illumines brightly, but only a part of reality.
Science imitating art and art imitating science are familiar to robotics.
Science impacts every-day life.
Science impacts on all areas of our life.
Science implies action.
Science includes advanced work in earth, physical and life sciences.
Science includes all areas of biological, physical, and earth science.
Science Includes areas such as biology, ecology, and environmental biology.
Science includes chemistry.
Science includes concepts in astronomy, geology, chemistry, physics, biology, and mathematics.
Science includes concepts.
Science includes journals in natural sciences such as biology, chemistry, and physics.
Science includes lessons about plants, animals, health, earth and space.
Science includes light.
Science includes processes and a body of knowledge.
Science includes the study of plants, animals, biology, physical science, chemistry, and physics.
Science includes, raising butterflies, studying soil, and learning about balancing and weighing.
Science incorporates principles.
Science incorporates skills and content through the use of hands-on experiences.
Science increasingly plays a major role in fueling the North Carolina economy.
Science indicates otherwise.
Science indicates that it is about a special way of investigating our world.
Science influences society.
Science informs the decision-making process of the regulators at a variety of levels.
Science informs the regulatory decision-making process at multiple levels.
Science inquires about the physical world, the object of experience.
Science inquires into the ultimate truth of the object, spirituality into that of the subject.
Science intends to study nature, but often winds up reducing it to an abstract shadow of itself.
Science invariably involves the participation of a community of workers in any given field.
Science Investigate and report on dolphins, whales, and other sea creatures.
Science involves a pursuit of fascinating knowledge and can be found in every aspect of life.
Science involves a search for answers.
Science involves building and sharing knowledge.
Science involves constructing an understanding of how the natural world works.
Science involves ethics as well as technology, economics as well as experiments.
Science involves examinations.
Science involves measurements.
Science involves observation, testability, repeatability, and prediction.
Science involves paradigms, puzzles, anomalies, discoveries and revolutions.
Science involves process skills.
Science involves sorting our specious correlations from causal relations.
Science involves the building of models to explain phenomena occurring in nature.
Science involves the discovery of fundamental relationships that help explain the natural world.
Science involves the teaching of earth, life, and physical sciences.
Science involves two processes.
Science Is - A wide variety of science education materials for sale.
Science Is . . . .
Science is . . .
Science Is . . .
Science Is . .
Science Is .
Science is a basic factor in conserving and protecting wildlife and habitat.
Science is a basically good human endeavor.
Science is a big adventure.
Science is a blend of logic and imagination.
Science is a blessing.
Science is a body of knowledge based on controlled experiments.
Science is a body of knowledge, an intellectual discipline.
Science is a branch of study concerned with facts, principles, and methods.
Science is a broad concept that can be approached and understood from a variety of perspectives.
Science is a bunch of kids playing in the kitchen and making a mess.
Science is a captivating field for anyone interested in observation, research, and learning.
Science is a careful, analytic attempt to explain phenomena.
Science is a cemetery of dead ideas.
Science is a classified and verifiable knowledge of facts concerning nature.
Science is a collaborative effort.
Science is a collaborative endeavor.
Science is a collection of particular theories about particular aspects of the world.
Science is a collection of the results of a search for facts about our physical reality.
Science is a combination of life, earth and physical science.
Science is a combined effort of the senses and the intelligence.
Science is a community effort and is self-correcting.
Science is a community effort whereas art is intensely personal.
Science is a community effort, a common together of many.
Science is a community effort, and depends on free access to information and exchange of ideas.
Science is a community enterprise.
Science is a 'community of tradition'.
Science is a competitive endeavor.
Science is a complex, wonderful, and highly successful enterprise.
Science is a construct just as surely as is technology.
Science is a continuing process, and to continue the process one needs an inquisitive mind.
Science is a cooperative adventure.
Science is a cooperative endeavour, the work of many people helping and stimulating each other.
Science is a cooperative venture involving many individuals and institutions.
Science is a cooperative, rather than a competitive, enterprise.
Science is a creation of politicians and greedy people who seek privilege.
Science is a creative endeavor of the human mind.
Science is a crescendo, art is an expanding circle.
Science is a critical public investment in our future, a resource with extraordinary dividends.
Science is a cultural pursuit, meaning that it is rooted in our western philosophical tradition.
Science is a curricular area of emphasis.
Science is a deliberative enterprise.
Science is a different way of learning about the world.
Science is a different way of thinking about problems.
Science is a differential equation.
Science is a discipline of knowledge which involves many aspects of human thought and endeavour.
Science is a discipline of uncertainty.
Science is a discovery procedure, a methodology for finding truth and also falsehood.
Science is a dynamic and ongoing process of reexamination and seeking new information.
Science is a dynamic evolving approximation of reality.
Science is a dynamic process that requires more than mere acquisition and memorization of facts.
Science is a dynamic process.
Science is a dynamic subject with many real world implications.
Science is a dynamic subject, changing over time.
Science is a false religion, the opium of the masses.
Science is a fascinating and exciting field with endless possibilities for daily application.
Science is a fascinating field of education, as that most scientists never quit learning themselves.
Science is a fascinating part of understanding the way the world works.
Science is a fascinating story, discussing a fascinating subject, about fascinating people.
Science is a field of study.
Science is a field
Science is a filter of thinking based on clever and right thoughts.
Science is a framework built around observations in nature.
Science is a gift economy of ideas.
Science is a global enterprise and full and open access to information is essential.
Science is a good contemporary example.
Science is a great and rewarding career.
Science is a great tool for developing an understanding of the unknown.
Science is a great way to break down boundaries.
Science is a hands-on study of four main units.
Science is a heck of a long way from being able to deliberately alter climate.
Science is a high peak of intellectual integrity, fairness, and rationality.
Science is a highly meritocratic and highly competitive enterprise.
Science is a highly refined type of human experience, and an experiment is a controlled experience.
Science is a high-risk activity.
Science is a horse.
Science is a human activity, and therefore subjective judgements are sometimes made.
Science is a human endeavor involving successes and failures, trials and tribulations.
Science is a human endeavor to understand how nature works.
Science is a human endeavor, possibly the greatest one of all.
Science is a human endeavor.
Science is a human endeavour to make sense of the world.
Science is a human enterprise which leads to knowledge of the natural world.
Science is a human invention, developed and refined within a specific cultural tradition.
Science is a journey.
Science is a key part of the debate.
Science is a laboratory-based discipline.
Science is a language.
Science is a logical search for knowledge covering facts or the operation of general laws.
Science is a long slow process that requires continual input and modification.
Science is a long way ahead of policymakers in terms of understanding mental illness.
Science is a lot like swimming.
Science is a magic wand that gives credibility and validity to a concept or a methodology.
Science is a male construction that exists only to serve the interests of males.
Science is a marvelous development in the history of human thought.
Science is a match that man has just got alight.
Science is a matter of materialistic cumulation.
Science is a means of gaining knowledge and understanding about the world.
Science is a means to know about everything in the cosmos.
Science is a medium for that message.
Science is a merit-based enterprise.
Science is a method for grasping knowledge, but knowledge is always incomplete.
Science is a method for investigating the mechanisms of the universe.
Science is a method for testing ideas to see if they work.
Science is a method of discovering the truth, religions claim to already have the truth.
Science is a method of discovery and it can be applied to anything.
Science is a method of discovery.
Science is a method of inquiry based on logic and testable hypotheses.
Science is a method of obtaining knowledge of the nature of the universe.
Science is a method of reaching conclusions.
Science is a method of seeking knowledge.
Science is a method or methods of inquiry.
Science is a methodical procedure for the exploring and understanding of nature.
Science is a methodology and logical way of thinking verified through experimentation.
Science is a methodology, a limited way of knowing about the natural world.
Science is a necessary but insufficient condition for humanism.
Science is a never ending exploration.
Science is a never ending search for truth.
Science is a never-ending process of discovery, interpretation, and evaluation.
Science is a never-ending search for truth.
Science is a new language.
Science is a new social force.
Science is a noble, pure enterprise.
Science is a part of life - every day.
Science is a part of our daily lives.
Science is a part of our everyday lives, like reading and math.
Science is a particular kind of human experience.
Science is a particular set of configurations of language, experience, and desire.
Science is a particular way of studying and knowing the world.
Science is a plant of slow growth in the popular mind.
Science is a popularity contest among competing ideas.
Science is a powerful asset for athletes who want to use nutrition to their advantage.
Science is a powerful group activity, providing many opportunities for correcting errors.
Science is a powerful way of looking at the world.
Science is a problem solving activity carried out within a community of scholars.
Science is a process .
Science is a process by which our beliefs are ultimately demonstrated true or false.
Science is a process for answering our questions about the natural world.
Science is a process for producing knowledge.
Science is a process of change.
Science is a process of discovery about things that can be measured.
Science is a process of discovery.
Science is a process of inquiry involving hypothesis and deduction.
Science is a process of inquiry.
Science is a process of investigation, the testing of hypotheses and pursuing questions that remain.
Science is a process of observation and discovery.
Science is a process of systematically observing the world and making conclusions based on data.
Science is a process of usines observations to test ideas.
Science is a process that seems to be given lip-service and then forgotten.
Science is a process used to obtain knowledge based upon observable evidence.
Science is a process whereby aspects of a problem are discovered.
Science is a process, a means of testing ideas to see whether they match observed reality.
Science is a process, a way of thinking.
Science is a process, and a work in progress.
Science is a process, or an activity, rather than a discrete entity.
Science is a process.
Science is a product of man's wisdom, and is often wrong.
Science is a progressive enterprise, be it physics, biology, or military science.
Science is a pursuit of the truth.
Science is a quest, all in all.
Science is a rapidly changing field.
Science is a rather compact and culture-independent body of knowledge.
Science is a refinement of everyday thinking.
Science is a restless pursuit and change is inevitable.
Science is a seamless tapestry.
Science is a search for answers.
Science is a search for knowledge.
Science is a search for the truth.
Science is a search for truth.
Science is a search for universal naturalistic laws.
Science is a self-correcting body of knowledge.
Science is a self-correcting enterprise.
Science is a self-correcting process.
Science is a series of approximations.
Science is a series of planned, controlled observations.
Science is a set of activities that helps kids explore their place in space.
Science is a slow process.
Science is a social affair in the sense that everybody interacts, and it's a universal thing.
Science is a social endeavor, and social endeavors require good communication.
Science is a social endeavor.
Science is a social practice that influences and is influenced by developments in many disciplines.
Science is a social product produced by a community of scientists.
Science is a sometimes messy process.
Science is a special kind of human experience, for there is an intent to learn more about the world.
Science is a strange business.
Science is a structured art more functional than any fine art.
Science is a structured discipline.
Science is a subject in constant motion and constant change.
Science is a subject that touches every part of everyone's life.
Science is a sub-set of knowledge.
Science is a system by which imperfect beings can test and refine their understanding of the world.
Science is a system or method to understand something.
Science is a systematic and logical approach to discovering how things in the universe work.
Science is a systematic method for developing testable explanations of observed phenomena.
Science is a systematic process of inquiry about natural phenomena.
Science is a systematic process to find out about our world and the universe.
Science is a systematic study of facts.
Science is a systematic way of knowing how the world works.
Science is a systematized, paged index to the successive sense impressions.
Science is a technical term.
Science is a three-cornered fight among rival theories and observations.
Science is a thrilling intellectual activity necessary to an economically healthy society.
Science is a tool created by man and is less than man.
Science is a tool designed to illuminate the latter domain.
Science is a tool for improving our lives and one of the keys to a successful future.
Science is a tool for understanding our world.
Science is a tool like philosophy.
Science is a tool.
Science is a tree that bears good and bad fruit.
Science is a tremendous believer.
Science is a tremendously exciting place to be right now.
Science is a truth-seeking process.
Science is a unique way of knowing about the world.
Science is a unique way of knowing.
Science is a vast, challenging and rewarding field with many opportunities for a fulfilling career.
Science is a vehicle by which humans contribute to the understanding of the universe.
Science is a vehicle for comprehension.
Science is a very broad collection of disciplines.
Science is a very competitive field.
Science is a very frustrating business.
Science is a very human form of knowledge.
Science is a very important way for coming to know things.
Science is a very interesting class.
Science is a very interesting place for students.
Science is a very interrelated field, and many concepts can be related to more than one concept.
Science is a vital part of our national life and National Science Week is an event for everyone.
Science is a voyage of exploration into the unknown.
Science is a voyage rather than a destination, an intriguing possibility rather than a certainty.
Science is a way of answering questions.
Science is a way of asking and answering questions.
Science is a way of discovering the world.
Science is a way of enquiring.
Science is a way of knowing about the natural world.
Science is a way of knowing about the world.
Science is a way of knowing and doing, the heart of which is inquiry.
Science is a way of knowing and doing.
Science is a way of knowing as well as a body of known information.
Science is a way of knowing the facts, laws and nature of things through material-experiments.
Science is a way of knowing, and a tool.
Science is a way of knowing.
Science is a way of learning about the natural world.
Science is a way of learning about the universe.
Science is a way of learning how nature functions.
Science is a way of life, a craft handed down from masters to apprentices.
Science is a way of looking at and thinking about the natural world in an attempt to understand it.
Science is a way of looking at the world.
Science is a way of obtaining knowledge by means of objective evaluations.
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.
Science is a way of thinking that includes the observation, collection and manipulation of data.
Science is a way of thinking, a way of understanding the world.
Science is a way to know about things.
Science is a weekly publication, so it piles up.
Science is a western way of knowing the world, and it is perhaps the west's greatest contribution.
Science is a wild card.
Science is a willingness to accept facts even when they are opposed to wishes.
Science is a wonderful subject to incorporate hands-on activities.
Science is a wonderful subject.
Science is a wonderful thing.
Science is a work in progress.
Science is a world view that measures our 'reality'.
Science is a worldwide community.
Science is a worthwhile, necessary subject.
Science is abhorrent to vague and inconsistent ambiguitites.
Science is able to clone animals but cloning humans is forbidden.
Science is able to provide the answers to many such fundamental mysteries.
Science is able to test whether species have the capacity to change.
Science is about algorithms.
Science is about amazement and curiosity and beauty.
Science is about an open mind and good faith hearing of all the evidence which is proffered.
Science is about asking questions, but success depends on choosing the right questions to ask.
Science is about asking questions.
Science is about both exploration and explanation.
Science is about characteristics . . .
Science is about comparison and contrast.
Science is about creating new knowledge.
Science is about discovering the natural.
Science is about discovery, discovery requires participation and creativity.
Science is about doubt.
Science is about explanation and prediction.
Science is about explanation.
Science is about exploring our world and finding reasons for things.
Science is about facts, religion is about supposition or superstition.
Science is about harmony . . .
Science is about having an organised route into a subject.
Science is about how.
Science is about humanity getting it right, a fraction at a time.
Science is about knowledge and power.
Science is about making predictions, often based on measuring some quantities.
Science is about measurement.
Science is about predictability, and the predictability derives from models.
Science is about probing questions and searching for answers.
Science is about problem-solving, asking questions and seeking answers.
Science is about tentative solutions which are later revised by further empirical findings.
Science is about the pursuit of truth through rigorous, controlled experimentation.
Science is about understanding and about looking at underlying principles.
Science is about understanding the universe and everything in it.
Science is about verifiable facts and it is also about the physical universe.
Science is absolutely critical if our global society is going to develop sustainably.
Science is academic journals.
Science is accessible to anyone regardless of their religion or lack of it.
Science is accessible.
Science is accused of undermining morality, an unjust charge in Einstein's view.
Science is active.
Science is activity based.
Science is additive and collaborative.
Science is advanced, and exploration in the sciences is an occupation of almost everyone.
Science is after all a social activity.
Science is against evolution.
Science is against the theory of evolution.
Science is alive in Africa.
Science is all about asking questions and finding answers.
Science is all about asking questions and then going about trying to find the answers.
Science is all about cause.
Science is all about debate.
Science is all about doing experiments.
Science is all about experiments.
Science is all about predictions.
Science is all about questioning assumptions and testing theories.
Science is all about searching for answers.
Science is all about taking down divisions and reaching a larger understanding.
Science is all about trying to prove a hypothesis based on evidence.
Science is all metaphor.
Science is all there is, and science is all there needs to be.
Science is almost never complete.
Science is almost totally incompatible with religion .
Science is also a dialogue between mankind and Nature.
Science is also a large part of our unit.
Science is also a way of life and an attitude to the universe.
Science is also about discovery.
Science is also an important part of our every day lives.
Science is also boring.
Science is also here.
Science is also more important than ever before.
Science is also of profound practical importance in modern society.
Science is also on the side of vegetarian foods.
Science is also on the side of vegetarianism.
Science is also the currency that is used everywhere in the hierarchy of nations.
Science is also the foundation for all our work on infant nutrition.
Science is also very political.
Science is always a game played with statistics.
Science is always a work in progress.
Science is always fascinating and ever-changing.
Science is always fun until someone gets irradiated.
Science is always objective.
Science is always on the verge of great breakthroughs.
Science is always theory and proof.
Science is always wrong - it never solves a problem without creating ten more.
Science is always wrong.
Science is ambivalent about the place of humans.
Science is amoral.
Science is an accumulation of knowledge built-up over generations.
Science is an active knowledge system in which new discoveries are made almost every day.
Science is an active process dependent upon curiosity, observations and investigations.
Science is an activity of human societies.
Science is an adventure of the human spirit.
Science is an adventure that people everywhere can take part in, as they have for many centuries.
Science is an adventure, albeit a personal one for the most part.
Science is an approach to learning.
Science is an arrogant, ill-mannered lout, say most religionists.
Science is an art and a discipline.
Science is an attempt to explain the natural world.
Science is an attempt to interpret the facts of nature.
Science is an attempt to reproducibly characterize that world in predictive ways.
Science is an edged tool, with which men play like children, and cut their own fingers.
Science is an effort to understand how objects in nature function and interact with one another.
Science is an element of astrology.
Science is an enemy of superstition alone.
Science is an enormous topic.
Science is an enormously powerful engine of new knowledge.
Science is an essential and significant platform for future economic growth.
Science is an essential tool, but it can only go so far.
Science is an exact science.
Science is an exacting and jealous mistress.
Science is an exciting field for everyone.
Science is an exciting field of study that can be lots of fun to explore.
Science is an exploration for truth.
Science is an exquisite blend of data and theory, facts and hypotheses, observations and views.
Science is an imaginative adventure of the mind seeking truth in a world of mystery.
Science is an immense array of measured but incomplete models of understanding.
Science is an important driving force and multiplier for the information society.
Science is an important educational element for South Carolina's future work force.
Science is an important part of everyone's lives.
Science is an important part of our everyday lives, just like reading and math.
Science is an important part of the preschool child's day.
Science is an important process that relies on the use of scientific equipment.
Science is an important subject to every grade level, but especially third.
Science is an important subject.
Science is an important tool to make our lives better.
Science is an indispensable tool for gaining knowledge about nature.
Science is an information service about science.
Science is an inherently collaborative process.
Science is an instrument of public health.
Science is an integral element of our curriculum.
Science is an integral part of culture.
Science is an intellectual, a social and a practical activity which has developed over time.
Science is an interesting field.
Science is an international activity.
Science is an international enterprise that goes across borders, across races.
Science is an investment in the public interest.
Science is an iterative process and it helps to pool our knowledge.
Science is an ongoing process that builds on itself.
Science is an ongoing process that is a self-correcting way of knowing.
Science is an ongoing project.
Science is an ongoing search for information about the natural world.
Science is an open self-critical system in which all theories and paradigms are subject to review.
Science is an orderly, structured way of knowing.
Science is an organized relatively objective attempt to eliminate ignorance.
Science is an organized search for patterns and regularities.
Science is an unavoidable tool, it symbolises our brain.
Science is analogous to a murder mystery.
Science is analytic - it strives to understand nature, what is.
Science is and has always been a key part of any liberal arts curriculum.
Science is another area where students have numerous hands-on experiences.
Science is another area where telling time can meet education.
Science is another major area in education where the humanist influence is especially seen.
Science is another story.
Science is another subject that the students find exciting.
Science is apparent and concrete, present before one's eyes, palpable.
Science is art.
Science is art.
Science is as important as magic.
Science is as intentional a process as has ever appeared on Earth.
Science is as much about failure as it is about success.
Science is as much at home in the desert as it is in the lab.
Science is at best irrelevant to morality.
Science is at the base of the system.
Science is at the forefront, but mission risk and cost are very important.
Science is atheistic, phantasmagorical, and always in labour with conjecture.
Science is atheistic.
Science is available on-line in the library.
Science Is available online through the database menu .
Science is aware of several hundred strains - but it is still unknown how they influence each other.
Science is away from policy development.
Science is away of learning about the natural world.
Science is awesome.
Science is bad.
Science is balanced with art.
Science is based on a hands-on approach to learning and discovering.
Science is based on a mountain of fact but evolution is faith-based.
Science is based on a. faith.
Science is based on A. faith.
Science is based on communication.
Science is based on curiosity and and inquiry.
Science is based on evidence.
Science is based on fact and religion is based on faith.
Science is based on facts and observations.
Science is based on facts and the conclusions reached there of.
Science is based on factual observation and verification.
Science is based on Greek ideas that give nature the most omnipotent role in the universe.
Science is based on human values and is itself a value system.
Science is based on logic and examination of reality.
Science is based on logic, systematic data collection, experiments and statistical analysis.
Science is based on observable, repeatable truth.
Science is based on observation and experimentation.
Science is based on observation of nature.
Science is based on observation, measurement, computation, facts and data.
Science is based on observation.
Science is based on rational thought.
Science is based on several assumptions.
Science is based on slow, plodding accumulation of bits of information.
Science is based on subjective observations.
Science is based on the denial of miracles.
Science is based on the experience that nature gives intelligent answers to intelligent questions.
Science is based on trying to do everything with the outer experience of things.
Science is based strongly on the search for principles.
Science is based upon controlled experiments and data analyses.
Science is based upon evidence.
Science is based upon finding the correct tools to measure the correct object.
Science is based upon observation, experimentation, etc.
Science is based upon observation.
Science is based upon verifiable evidence.
Science is based upon watching things happen.
Science is basically the search of truth.
Science is beholden to data, but driven by theory.
Science is belief in a supreme generalization.
Science is below the mind, spirituality is beyond the mind.
Science is big business, and none more so than genetics.
Science is big business.
Science is blamed for the development of weapons which can end civilization in seconds.
Science is both a body of knowledge and a process of discovery.
Science is both a process and a body of knowledge.
Science is both exploration and explanation.
Science is both facts and process.
Science is both influences and is influenced by society.
Science is both public and private.
Science is breaking free from the chains of religion, electricity is reinvented.
Science is built on logical theories that appear to be true.
Science is built on strong foundations.
Science is built up with facts, as a house is with stones.
Science is built upon an entire body of knowledge.
Science is but a small part of non-indigenous knowledge.
Science is but an organized system of ignorance.
Science is but self-conscious common sense.
Science is by definition engaged in natural explanations.
Science is by far the best approach to understand and explain the world.
Science is by no means unique in having nothing to say about the supernatural world.
Science is capable of asking the question and trying to do the experiments to find the answer.
Science is central to the ranchers' appeal of the decision.
Science is central to the success of chlorine-based products.
Science is central to the world children are growing up in.
Science is certain and evident knowledge of the thing through causes.
Science is certainly an important tributary to the ocean of human experience.
Science is certainly capable of more . . .
Science is certainly one of our strengths.
Science is characterized by a questioning of common sense and sentiment.
Science is ciencia.
Science is clear cut and straightforward.
Science is clear on what controls cycles of climate change.
Science is clearly on to something.
Science is clearly one such realm.
Science is closed New Year's Day.
Science is closer to understanding hair loss due to many recent advancements.
Science is cold, impersonal, rational, and cumulative.
Science is cold.
Science is colder.
Science is collaborative, history more so, romance more still.
Science is completely different from trial and error.
Science is completely incapable of proving such a thing.
Science is complex and richly textured.
Science is complex and subtle.
Science is concerned only with empirical relationships.
Science is concerned with physical reality.
Science is concerned with relating the present to the future.
Science is concerned with the structure of the universe as well as the structure of an atom.
Science is concerned with understanding the phenomena and laws of the universe.
Science is conducted with hands-on activities to guide students to use science in their world.
Science is considered an evil practice, and is only used in the shadows just out of view.
Science is considered to have to do with truth.
Science is constantly under attack from both populism politics and religions.
Science is constructed of facts as a house is of stones.
Science is continued with an emphasis on living things.
Science is conveyed within the framework of nature as a nature walk on a galactic scale.
Science is cool, and they can do it.
Science is cool.
Science Is Cool.
Science is creative.
Science is critical to our program as a nation.
Science is critiqued as epistemology for optimal health and human potential.
Science is currently a cooperative activity.
Science is currently in a state of reduction and specialisation.
Science is dead in the classroom without the quickening spirit of investigation.
Science is dedicated to human development.
Science is deemed autonomous and objective - a sure path to discovering reality.
Science is deeply interwoven with society and changes along with society.
Science is deeply interwoven with society, and as it has changed, so too has science.
Science is defeated again by the loudest person.
Science is deficient since it is inexact.
Science is defined as that which is a practical application of period technology.
Science is definitely a fluid discipline.
Science is defrocked and reconstructed.
Science is democratic.
Science is dependent on communication - networks of patronage, training, exchange and information.
Science is described as what is observable, repeatable, and falsifiable.
Science is destined to take the place of religion.
Science is different from many another human enterprise .
Science is different than other subjects.
Science is different.
Science is difficult for visually impaired students because so much of the work relies on vision.
Science is difficult.
Science is directed towards a progressively greater understanding of the natural world.
Science is disappointing.
Science is discipline.
Science is discovery, and computing has become instrumental in that discovery process.
Science is discovery, and discovery opens a range of alternative paths to society.
Science is discovery.
Science is distinguished from pure math in that it yields predictive information.
Science is divided into areas of study.
Science is dominant.
Science is done by the scientific method.
Science is done from within a social frame work.
Science is done in teams.
Science is done in the laboratory, with dialog between peers.
Science is done with intent.
Science is driven by curiosity, and pure science advances without much input from society.
Science is driven by data, by evidence.
Science is driven by people's excitement about learning.
Science is dynamic and ever-changing.
Science is dynamic and there is change within the paradigm and with theories.
Science is dynamic.
Science is easy and fast, offering results by the minute.
Science is easy except for the terms.
Science is easy to learn with competent instructors.
Science is elegant and orderly.
Science is elementary.
Science is emphasized by schools in Taiwan.
Science is empirical.
Science is endlessly fascinating.
Science is enormously powerful, as history has repeatedly shown.
Science is envisioned as a simple, sure procedure.
Science is essentially a dialogue conducted among people with a shared interest.
Science is essentially a matter of observance, inference, verification, generalization.
Science is essentially amoral.
Science is ethically neutral.
Science is even more than the discovery of and correlation of new facts, new laws of nature.
Science is everywhere. . .
Science is everywhere.
Science is evidence based.
Science is exact.
Science is exactly that.
Science is excellent for classroom or homeschool usage.
Science is exciting and fun.
Science is exciting because it leads to the exploration of new frontiers.
Science is exciting partly because single discoveries can change the course of history.
Science is exciting, and it's for everyone.
Science is exciting.
Science is exoteric, since it is public and accessible, in principle, to 'non-believers'.
Science is experimental.
Science is exploration and discovery.
Science is extraordinarily information-rich.
Science is faith in doubt.
Science is fantastic.
Science is far from perfect, but scientists work together to advance and improve their knowledge.
Science is far too complex and difficult for our simple people.
Science is fascinating and there are a lot of great web sites out there just waiting to be explored.
Science is fast.
Science is feared when it begins to experiment with the more fundamental aspects of genetics.
Science is felt by many people to be 'cold' and 'alienating'.
Science is Feminine.
Science is for all students.
Science is for ALL students.
Science is for kindergarten through eighth grade students and educators.
Science is forgotten and learning mocked.
Science is found everywhere.
Science is founded on reason and deduction and empirical study.
Science is founded on the assumption that nature is amenable to human intelligence.
Science is founded on truth, honesty, and confirmation of results.
Science is frequently a messy business.
Science is frequently like detective work.
Science is fresh and exciting.
Science is fruitful maayaa.
Science is fruitful maya.
Science is full of beauty and creativity .
Science is full of imbedded cultural assumptions.
Science is fun and natural.
Science is fun because experiments lead to new questions.
Science is fun, after all, and sometimes can be funny.
Science is fun, exciting and sometimes hair-raising.
Science is fun.
Science is fundamentally a method of inquiry that is much broader in scope.
Science is fundamentally a social institution governed by power relationships.
Science is fundamentally about communication.
Science is fundamentally about pursuing new ideas and new ways of thinking.
Science is geared to thinking about the problem and alternative explanations.
Science is general rather than particular knowledge.
Science is given greater weight than technology.
Science is given preference to superstition and zoology to folklore.
Science is Golden .
Science is gone.
Science is good when it measures and reports the truth.
Science is good.
Science is great because it is constantly changing and developing.
Science is great, but there is a lot of pseudo-science today masquerading as science.
Science is great.
Science is greater than the scientist.
Science is hard to retain unless they see how it relates to their everyday life.
Science is hard to teach in schools.
Science is hard work, and in some instances quite competitive.
Science is hard.
Science is here to stay.
Science is hindered by lack of attention to safety, security, or loss of public confidence.
Science is honest enough to admit mistakes.
Science is human.
Science is ignored and emotions are exploited to restrict imports and overseas competition.
Science is imbedded in the culture, society and philosophies in which it develops.
Science is impartial - appreciate core mission.
Science is imperative for development.
Science is imperative to do the nuclear job.
Science is imperfect, but post-modernism brings nothing constructive to the party.
Science is impervious to questions of shit and fan.
Science is important because of all the new technology which has improved many inventions and ideas.
Science is important because of predictions.
Science is important in our everyday lives.
Science is important to every living cell.
Science is important to everyone, and everyone is important to science.
Science is important, but so are regulatory actions and notions of accountability.
Science is important.
Science is in a race to stay ahead of the virus.
Science is in a sense what the entirerty of existance is.
Science is in a state of continual change and so dogmatism is out of place.
Science is in deep trouble if the type of behavior described above is permitted to continue.
Science is in the , as make new discoveries in the areas of and drug development.
Science is in the business of demystifying the universe.
Science is in their everyday lives.
Science is inadequate.
Science is incorporated into each learning center.
Science is indispensable to the development and maintenance of the nation's arsenals.
Science is inert by comparison.
Science is information about things and how they work.
Science is inherently anti-authoritarian.
Science is inherently interesting to children.
Science is instrumental, a means harnessed to human goals.
Science is integrated into other subjects.
Science is integrated into the curriculum in the lower grades.
Science is integrated with our reading program.
Science is integrated with small business management.
Science is interdisciplinary and team-oriented.
Science is interdisciplinary in nature.
Science is interested in general laws.
Science is interested in general, empirical relationships that are publicly verifiable.
Science is international and extends beyond national frontiers.
Science is international, so foreign languages are very helpful for several reasons.
Science is international.
Science is intrinsically forward looking.
Science is introduced when lecturing on the design and aerodynamics of automobiles.
Science is intrusive.
Science is invented slowly and thoughtfully.
Science is investigation, analysis, and the generation of new knowledge.
Science is investigative, grounded in experiment.
Science is invoked as proof of creation and it s even called upon to disprove evolution.
Science is involved in the study of the inventions and inventors.
Science is irrelevant to that field.
Science is irrelevant.
Science is just a matter of time.
Science is just a result of that order.
Science is just a tool, one that be used wisely or foolishly.
Science is JUST a way of explaining how the universe works.
Science is just one component.
Science is just one perspective in a democracy.
Science is just one truth amongst many.
Science is just such a thing.
Science is kind of hard.
Science is knowledge and religion is faith.
Science is knowledge and science is freedom.
Science is knowledge of nature and of the effects of human intervention in nature.
Science is knowledge of the physical world and nature.
Science is knowledge through causes therefore knowledge that is certain, universal and necessary.
Science is knowledge, truth and being close to the source of knowledge and truth.
Science is knowledge.
Science is lab oriented, and each student is required to participate in the annual Science Fair.
Science is lamented and deplored by contemporary romanticists.
Science is largely a search for precedent.
Science is largely independent of the state.
Science is learned at home, in museums, in parks and on school visits.
Science is learned chiefly by the eye.
Science is learned through discussions about how food changes during the cooking process.
Science is lends itself much more to writing, because it is so concept based.
Science is less creative than it is procedural.
Science is liberating.
Science is life.
Science is like a big flash light.
Science is like a lift between nature and politics.
Science is like any tool, and can be used either way.
Science is like art.
Science is like learning a new language, or exploring a new world.
Science is like that.
Science is likely to benefit from wider communication.
Science is limited in studying prayer.
Science is limited to dealing with observable, measurable, and repeatable phenomena.
Science is limited to explaining the natural world by means of natural processes.
Science is limited to natural explanations.
Science is limited to proving what can be perceived with the senses.
Science is limited to the present.
Science is limited to what can be known by rational thought backed up by verifiable observations.
Science is limited.
Science is littered with terms.
Science is located in nanotechnologies.
Science is located in schools.
Science is located in technology.
Science is located in universities.
Science is logical, art is subjective.
Science is logical.
Science is loved and hated.
Science is made and funded by people.
Science is made by people, commonly working in groups.
Science is magic that works.
Science is mankind's organized search for truth.
Science is manmade.
Science is man's endeavor to interpret the facts of nature.
Science is man's thoughts that they believe to be fact.
Science is mathematics applied to real world phenomena.
Science is matter, religion is spirit.
Science is meant to be a community of intellectuals, dedicated to a common goal.
Science is meant to be as objective as possible.
Science is merely a description of the physical world.
Science is merely an interpretation that distorts experience.
Science is merely an interpretation that distorts the true nature of experience.
Science is messy.
Science is metaphor.
Science is methodological.
Science is methodology , and that's all it is.
Science is mind.
Science is modern civilization's highest achievement, but it has few heroes.
Science is modern, progressive, objective, dispassionate, prestigious.
Science is more a way of life or a philosophy than a job.
Science is more about reducing uncertainty then stating things as hard cold fact.
Science is more analytical.
Science is more fixed.
Science is more fun than boys.
Science is more international and cooperative.
Science is more modest.
Science is more than a body of knowledge.
Science is more than specific knowledge.
Science is more than terminology.
Science is more than that.
Science is most at home in attacking problems that require technique rather than insight.
Science is most profoundly about disproof.
Science is mostly about being wrong.
Science is much more than a body of knowledge.
Science is much more than what is written in a science book.
Science is neat.
Science is necessary for kids to move forward with the current technology era.
Science is necessary to deal with humans as created creatures with animal bodies.
Science is needed by everyone in some way and that is why science is important.
Science is neither an entity nor a belief system, but merely a disciplined method of investigation.
Science is neither exact nor does it hold all of the answers.
Science is neither good nor bad, i.e. nuclear medicine vs nuclear waste.
Science is neither good nor bad.
Science is neither good nor evil.
Science is neutral.
Science is never at a loss when it comes to thinking up entertaining excursions.
Science is never perfect.
Science is nice.
Science is no better than science fiction at predicting reality.
Science is no different here than any other aspect of our lives.
Science is no different.
Science is no longer a normal human phenomenon.
Science is no longer a set of facts to be memorized, but a set of questions to be explored.
Science is no longer at all what it used to be.
Science is no longer external, but has become internalized, intimate, and visceral.
Science is no longer the pure search for truth, but the slave of commerce and industry.
Science is no longer the tenant of an ivory-tower.
Science is no more the enjoyer of nature.
Science is no nation's private property.
Science is no where nearer to understanding it than when it was first defined.
Science is nothing but a collection of human constructs.
Science is nothing but the finding of analogy, identity in the most remote parts.
Science is nothing but trained and organized common-sense.
Science is nothing more than disciplined observation of anything that happens.
Science is now a cart of test tubes that moves from room to room.
Science is now clearly a secular entity.
Science is now in the process of gathering evidence for what it has already made indications.
Science is now on-line.
Science is now part of the state proficiency tests.
Science is now the final authority.
Science is now the norm for running our lives, from health to the environment, even politics.
Science is now the path for nations competing for supremacy and leadership.
Science is now under attack from many directions.
Science is objective after all.
Science is objective and well-scrutinized.
Science is objective, but human experience is subjective.
Science is objective.
Science is observable and repeatable.
Science is observable.
Science is observation.
Science is of little value until it is applied.
Science is off and running with a great unit of measurement.
Science is often counter-intuitive.
Science is often like that, it comes from chance encounters between individuals.
Science is often racist.
Science is often sexist.
Science is often the lowest of the categories tested.
Science is on our side.
Science is on the doorstep of advances in the treatment of neurological disorders.
Science is on their side.
Science is one context for examining themselves, their ideas, and their lives.
Science is one kind of knowledge and religion is another kind.
Science is one method by which our species seeks to obtain knowledge.
Science is one of American society's most important and effective tools for keeping itself secure.
Science is one of eight curricular areas in the database.
Science is one of many ways people have of trying to understand the world.
Science is one of philosophy's tools, but it advances only one small step after another.
Science is one of the areas that have defined social and economic progress.
Science is one of the crowning achievements of human intelligence.
Science is one of the few areas in which the Soviet Union has operated more or less at world levels.
Science is one of the greatest Internet resources for teachers.
Science is one of the most internationally cooperative of activities.
Science is one of the most prestigious general scientific publications in the world.
Science is one of the world's leading general science, peer-reviewed journals.
Science is one of the worlds most prestigious scholarly journals.
Science is one source and symbol for an imaginative, disciplined mind.
Science is one subject area suitable for study on the Internet.
Science is one way of answering and explaining questions about the natural world.
Science is one way of answering questions and explaining the natural world.
Science is one way of knowing about the world.
Science is one's hobby and one's work and one's pleasure.
Science is ongoing.
Science is only a part of the discussion when two supercharged issues are on the table.
Science is only a part of the regulatory decision making process.
Science is only a tool.
Science is only about chemistry and physics.
Science is only as accurate as the methods and materials that the scientists of the day are using.
Science is only now re-discovering the healing substances found in essential oils.
Science is only one of several possible ways of interpreting experience.
Science is only one possible way of interpreting experience.
Science is only one way of making sense out of the physical world.
Science is only one world view amongst many.
Science is only the name for a human activity.
Science is only the work and findings of scientists.
Science is open to anyone who wants to join.
Science is open.
Science is organized into content disciplines and is conducted in various institutions.
Science is organized into five units in which inquiry and discovery are the focus.
Science is organized into four units in which inquiry and discovery are the focus.
Science is organized knowledge and methods of investigation of the natural environment.
Science is organized knowledge and systematized inquiry.
Science is organized knowledge.
Science is our ally.
Science is our bent.
Science is our bible.
Science is our brazen challenge against the unknown.
Science is our future.
Science is our heritage and our future.
Science is our last hope to reach our limits.
Science is our meeting ground.
Science is our way of finding out about our wonderful universe.
Science is outer empiricism, mysticism is inner empiricism . .
Science is painted as unequivocably male.
Science is parsimonious.
Science is part of life.
Science is part of scientific knowledge.
Science is partly about asking questions.
Science is partly production of falsifiable theses .
Science is perceived as an exciting and socially relevant subject.
Science is perceived as being kept in the hands of scientist and away from a public understanding.
Science is perfect and above ethical reproach.
Science is perfectly happy with the idea that deposition is occasionally rapid.
Science is perhaps the true success story.
Science is perhaps the wisest investment of all.
Science is persistant creativity, observation, critisism and self critisism.
Science is personal and political, affecting our daily lives and the future of our planet.
Science is philosophy, in a matter of speaking.
Science is portrayed as weak and critical thinking is pushed aside.
Science is portrayed negatively, and the scientist is portrayed as a nerd.
Science is powerless to our kind.
Science is practiced by people with directed interests.
Science is practiced in many ways besides direct observation and experimentation.
Science is practiced in public.
Science is pragmatic.
Science is precisely about empirically measuring and proving the objective world.
Science is precisely one of such fields.
Science is predicated on unique interpretations of data whose explanation has become generalized.
Science is predictive.
Science is presented as a dynamic process.
Science is presented as a linear, logical, value-free activity.
Science is presented as a story or a metaphor.
Science is presented as inherently evil.
Science is presented as the activity of an intellectual elite.
Science is pretty good too.
Science is pretty much taught as an assembly of facts.
Science is privileged over other world views.
Science is problem-solving.
Science is procedural more than creative.
Science is progressive and tentative.
Science is progressive, and talents and enterprise on the alert.
Science is progressive, and talents and enterprize on the alert.
Science is progressive.
Science is provable.
Science is provisions.
Science is pure inquiry into the unknown, using specific tools of rational thought.
Science is questioned by every experiment, observation, test, prediction and equation.
Science IS questions and answers.
Science is quite different from, say, history.
Science is quite dismissive about and emotional and spiritual aspects.
Science is rampant.
Science is rational, transparent business.
Science is rational.
Science is really about experimentation and thinking creatively and independently.
Science is reassuring, but history is less so.
Science is regulated by values of two different kinds.
Science is related to technology as well.
Science is relative and subject to change as more knowledge is attained.
Science is relative, religion is absolute.
Science is religions greatest weapon.
Science is repeatable, measurable, and observable.
Science is replete with stories of multiple confirmations.
Science is reproducible.
Science is research and the most effective and exciting way to learn about it is to do it.
Science is research.
Science is responsible for the following knowledge about our origins.
Science is resticted by definition to utilizing natural laws to explain nature.
Science is restricted to the study of natural phenomena.
Science is said to be knowledge systematically arranged.
Science is scattered across a range of portfolios making public access difficult.
Science is science, and religion is religion.
Science is science, no matter what general topic is involved.
Science is science.
Science is seen as a random activity that has little meaning in real life.
Science is seen as an integral part of daily life rather than belonging solely to the laboratory.
Science is seen as an ongoing process.
Science is seen as the way to make our way to the best of all possible worlds.
Science is self-correcting.
Science is shallow, religion is deep.
Science is shared knowledge.
Science is simply a formal, disciplined application of reason to certain types of questions.
Science is simply a word to describe the likelihood of an idea being true.
Science is simply another name for spirit.
Science is simply knowledge.
Science is simply the explainable myths of yesterday.
Science is simply the latest fad, replacing religion and magic.
Science is simply the logical process of figuring out how the world works.
Science is slow and methodical.
Science is slow.
Science is so cool.
Science is so much better.
Science is so obviously man-made.
Science is so successful because it explains material phenomena in material terms.
Science is so successful because it is a purely materialistic, human endeavor.
Science is something anyone can do.
Science is something technical.
Science is something that can be done anywhere by anyone.
Science is something that can be proven and tested, and usually works the same way each time.
Science is something that explodes.
Science is sometimes messy, inconvenient, and uncomfortable.
Science is somewhat like an unfinished brick wall.
Science is spectral analysis.
Science is spectrum analysis.
Science is squishy, yucky and noisy.
Science is still a long way from breaking the back of the epidemic, researchers say.
Science is still a long way from understanding the complexities of the brain.
Science is still a problem for Georgia high school juniors taking the state's graduation test.
Science is still far from success.
Science is still possible even in the regions of great uncertainty.
Science is still under construction.
Science is stranger than fiction.
Science is strictly inquiry-based.
Science is study based upon observation.
Science is subjects.
Science is such a rewarding field of work.
Science is suddenly a wonderful thing.
Science is superior to ethics or politics.
Science is supported by biology.
Science is supposed to avoid value judgments.
Science is supposed to be a matter of discovery, wonder and, in the end, fun.
Science is supposed to be a tool to learn something about reality.
Science is supposed to be complex.
Science is supposed to be efficient and logical.
Science is supposed to be rational.
Science is supposed to be so accurate, so true.
Science is supposed to help advance society.
Science is supposed to help make politics more orderly, more collaborative, and more rational.
Science is supposed to progress through educated trial and error.
Science is systematic in method because it seeks a system of prediction.
Science is systematized and formulated knowledge.
Science is taken to include the life sciences, physical sciences, social sciences, and mathematics.
Science is taught as a process as well as a body of content.
Science is taught as a process, using activities and projects.
Science is taught as an assembly of facts.
Science is taught as an integrated subject with language arts, math, and social studies.
Science is taught by each primary teacher in an integrated way.
Science is taught in a laboratory setting using a hands-on approach.
Science is taught in many settings, both in and out of the classroom.
Science is taught in the context of what the student is already familiar and knowledgeable about.
Science is taught separately.
Science is taught through curriculum integration rather than in isolation.
Science is taught through hands-on experiences integrated through a thematic approach.
Science is taught too as supplemental ready, or dwelling on memorization and vocabulary.
Science is taught well every day in every elementary and middle school classroom in Wisconsin.
Science is television stations.
Science is tentative and denies an ultimate or perfect truth as claimed by scientific creationism.
Science is tentative.
Science is the accumulation of evidence to support belief.
Science is the act of gathering knowledge by observation and experimentation.
Science is the activity of seeking the truth.
Science is the ancient art of calculation and interpretation of celestial phenomena.
Science is the art of observing carefully with an unbiased, non-prejudicial eye.
Science is the art of the soluble'.
Science is the art of understanding the universe.
Science is the basis for sound nutrition information.
Science is the basis for the design of technologies that solve real-world problems.
Science is the basis of technology and science depends on education and research.
Science is the basis of the advanced technology that affects our lives today in countless ways.
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.
Science is the belief in the ignorance of the experts.
Science is the best way to a large number of interesting, fulfilling and well-paid jobs.
Science is the best.
Science is the candle that lights the way.
Science is the central shaper of secularism in our day.
Science is the characteristic product of our culture.
Science is the collection of all examples of science.
Science is the compass.
Science is the cornerstone in addressing our environmental challenges.
Science is the definition of everything.
Science is the development and systematization of positive knowledge about the physical universe.
Science is the discoverer of the past.
Science is the dominant intellectual force of our culture.
Science is the dominating factor.
Science is the dominering method used for explaining how nature works and how humans behave.
Science is the driving force behind many of our environmental policies.
Science is the embodiment of the objective and the impersonal.
Science is the exact opposite.
Science is the father of knowledge, but opinion breeds ignorance.
Science is the first of sins, the germ of all sins, the original sin.
Science is the first sin, seed of all sin, the original sin.
Science is the foundation and the driving force behind all decisions and all actions.
Science is the foundation for addressing conservation issues in Alaska.
Science is the foundation for understanding what's happening in our patients.
Science is the foundation of real religion.
Science is the frontier of human progress.
Science is the frontier of things to come.
Science is the frontier.
Science is the gimmick of nonplussed contagion.
Science is the glory as well as the terror of mankind.
Science is the god of many people in our culture and the modern world.
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition.
Science is the important key to unlock all the mysteries of our world.
Science is the investigation and interpretation of the natural and physical world.
Science is the key that unlocks many of our national challenges.
Science is the key to human betterment, individually and as a society.
Science is the key to knowledge and it is the job of scientists to unlock the mysteries of life.
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and the dependence of facts upon one another.
Science is the knowledge of natural phenomena.
Science is the liberator of humanity.
Science is the lingua franca .
Science is the logical, systematic and empirical method of research and ordering of experiences.
Science is the means for solving the problem.
Science is the means of discovering truth.
Science is the most daring spiritual enterprise humanity has undertaken.
Science is the most powerful agent of change and progress in human affairs.
Science is the most powerful transforming force in today's world.
Science is the most reliable source for that.
Science is the new religion and people look to it for guidance.
Science is the number one consideration here.
Science is the objective connection of precisely measured detail with sweeping abstract concepts.
Science is the objective pursuit of reliable knowledge.
Science is the observation, explanation, and prediction of real world phenomena.
Science is the one successful method that has been developed for managing uncertainty.
Science is the only field to use metric measurements .
Science is the only field to use metric measurements.
Science is the only major interest group in the U.S. without an organized lobby.
Science is the only truly multidisciplinary subject around.
Science is the only way of knowledge that proceeds by trying to disprove itself.
Science is the organized search for knowledge.
Science is the organized systematic pursuit of knowledge.
Science is the orthodoxy, but it is largely quiet on the question of itself.
Science is the paradigm for teaching according to the contemporary ideal of liberal education.
Science is the perfect field in which to explore diversity.
Science is the perfect subject for students to learn by discovery and inquiry.
Science is the pragmatic approach to philosophical theories on reality.
Science is the prefect choice.
Science is the primary causation of reality and theology is secondary.
Science is the primary focus of the program.
Science is the process by which people use systematic steps to organize their findings.
Science is the process of discoveringthe natural world.
Science is the process of figuring out the way the world works.
Science is the process of finding answers using logical, systematic processes and steps.
Science is the process of gathering, interpreting, and testing information.
Science is the process of inquiry into the unknown.
Science is the process used to develop better technology.
Science is the product of intelligence.
Science is the product of left hemisphere function.
Science is the professional journal of North American scientists.
Science is the pursuit of knowledge.
Science is the pursuit of the facts, wherever they lead-politics is a balance of interests.
Science is the quest for objective truth.
Science is the reason.
Science is the record of dead religions.
Science is the religion of the multitudes and people look to it for salvation.
Science is the search for neat, predictable curves, compact ways of summarizing the data.
Science is the search for truth and knowledge.
Science is the search for truth made up of empirically verifiable facts.
Science is the search for truth.
Science is the search for understanding of the empirical world.
Science is the search for understanding.
Science is the sheaf of facts.
Science is the smaller circle within the larger circle of religion.
Science is the state of knowing or having knowledge.
Science is the struggle to find means to do that.
Science is the study and theoretical explanation of natural phenomena in an orderly way.
Science is the study of natural truth.
Science is the study of nature and life.
Science is the study of patterns of cause and effect.
Science is the study of physical truth.
Science is the study of the natural world as a way to understand cause and effect.
Science is the study of the natural world through experience and experiment.
Science is the study of the natural world.
Science is the study of the patterns and rules in the natural world.
Science is the study of the real world.
Science is the study of the universe in an attempt to understand how it works.
Science is the study of what really does happen in the world.
Science is the stuff of everyday life.
Science is the sum of the efforts to understand the natural world in a systematic, empirical manner.
Science is the systematic classification of experience.
Science is the systematic gathering, organizing, and dissemination of new knowledge.
Science is the systematic observation of natural phenomena.
Science is the systematic study of the natural world.
Science is the test most frequently taken.
Science is the third portion of the test.
Science is the tool of the Western mind and with it more doors can be opened than with bare hands.
Science is the topography of ignorance.
Science is the tree of death.
Science is the ultimate legitimator of bourgeois ideology.
Science is the underpinning of technological progress.
Science is the vehicle they use for learning.
Science is the work of man.
Science is the world's largest circulation general scientific periodical.
Science is the world's largest general scientific publication.
Science is their religion.
Science is then a matter of developing hyptheses - and then attempting to falsify hypotheses.
Science is therefore about obsession.
Science is therefore insufficient to completely displace religion.
Science is threaded through every aspect of our lives.
Science is three-fold.
Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.
Science is to serve life.
Science is too important and too dangerous to be left either to scientists or to commerce.
Science is too important to politicize or to ignore.
Science is topic oriented.
Science is transformed into an enthralling experience.
Science is treated as just one view of the world among many.
Science is tricky.
Science is true.
Science is truth revered.
Science is truth.
Science is twice a week.
Science is two or three years away from detailing the complete text of human gene specifications.
Science is ubiquitous.
Science is unable to explain what an impulse is and how it occurs.
Science is unable to provide a meaningful purpose of life.
Science is uncertain and changing.
Science is uncertain because it is a human activity.
Science is uncertain, despite rhetoric to the contrary.
Science is understanding, and technology is putting that understanding to some practical use.
Science is understanding.
Science is unique among disciplines in the involvement of postdoctoral students in research.
Science is unique in the method it uses for figuring out which ideas are wrong .
Science is universal and consensual.
Science is universal.
Science is unlike faith in that it follows the evidence.
Science is unmoral, cold, heartless, pessimistic, hopeless, often cruel in method, say they.
Science is unpredictable, really.
Science is unpredictable.
Science is up and available.
Science is used as the excuse for insensitivity.
Science is used for astronomy.
Science is used for chemistry.
Science is used for discoveries.
Science is used for geologies.
Science is used for research.
Science is used to assemble knowledge which, in turn, is used to create goods.
Science is used to delay regulation rather than search for alternatives.
Science is used to manipulate people and nature for profit.
Science is usually spontaneous.
Science is vague and abstract, to the public it is reified in persons.
Science is valid, but it has to do only with phenomena.
Science is very close to being totally out of the arrearage.
Science is very complicated, largely because there are so many allergens.
Science is very cool.
Science is very creative.
Science is very exciting right now.
Science is very factual.
Science is very good at figuring out things that happen the same every time.
Science is very human.
Science is very important for that.
Science is very interesting also.
Science is very interesting.
Science is very much a human endeavor and relies on human qualities and habits of the mind.
Science is very simple, thus very miraculous.
Science is very useful for answering certain questions and no help at all for others.
Science is vital.
Science is wacky.
Science is well worth a bean or two.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
Science is what is true.
Science is what kids do every day.
Science is what people understand well enough to explain to a computer.
Science is what scientists do.
Science is whatever enough people think it is.
Science is where the cure for deadly diseases can be found and can be made.
Science is wishy-washy.
Science is wonderful because it is full of patterns.
Science is work.
Science is woven into the fabric of life.
Science is written in first person, active tense.
Science is years away from developing a field litmus test for measuring marine biotoxin.
Science is, after all, a dynamic entity.
Science is, after all, a social activity.
Science is, at best, a statement of probabilities, an approximation, a contingency statement.
Science is, by nature, an open endeavor.
Science is, in a sense, our future.
Science is, in a very real sense, quite democratic about religious belief or unbelief.
Science is, many times, more appealing because supported theory is what people are asked to believe.
Science is, of course, based upon definition.
Science is, or ought to be, the inspiration for great poetry.
Science is, purportedly, value free, and the human heart is value laden.
Science is. . .
Science isa cognition.
Science isa knowledge.
Science ISHS for hort.
Science judges the truth of statements based on the empirical method.
Science just rules it out apriori.
Science keeps down costs.
Science keeps evolving.
Science keeps humanity out of the dark ages.
Science Knows about the diversity and unity that characterize life.
Science knows how.
Science knows no borders, and research is enhanced when knowledge is widely shared.
Science knows no borders.
Science knows no boundaries.
Science knows no language.
Science knows nothing of magic catalysts.
Science knows practically nothing.
Science knows that now .
Science knows that sound travels through the universe for what they call infinity.
Science knows that the moon has a causal effect on the tides.
Science knows when to shut up.
Science laughs such mythology to scorn.
Science leads to knowledge, but being something is categorically distinct from knowing it.
Science leads to technology that impacts society in many ways.
Science leads to world-changing innovation and new technologies.
Science Learn about the different kinds of whales and find out where they live.
Science Learn about the science behind baseball, hockey, and more.
Science Learn the science behind sports like baseball, hockey, and cycling.
Science Learn the science behind the stories.
Science lends itself to an inquiry based instruction, many of the lessons use deductive reasoning.
Science lends itself to real experiences in which children can participate.
Science lifts the veil that says man was born of the flesh.
Science lights the dark and frightening corners of the world.
Science likes to deal with facts.
Science link below to curriculum-linked classroom activities.
Science Link to sites on the Net.
Science Link to the weekly journal of scientific research.
Science literally means knowledge.
Science lives in cyberspace.
Science Look again at the page about beavers.
Science Look for science topics aligned with the California standards by grade levels.
Science looks at prayer for friend and fungus.
Science looks at religion concretely and objectively.
Science looks at the way something is.
Science looks at whether dog saliva has healing properties.
Science looks for lots of facts and asks precise questions.
Science looks for testability.
Science looks the way it's supposed to look only when it faces mystery.
Science loves to have answers.
Science Made Simple Here are science projects and great experiments using household materials.
Science Make a poster depicting the life cycle of a tree in the rain forest.
Science Make Sense initiative, gave a keynote address to attendees about the results.
Science Make Sense volunteers at the event.
Science makes a very poor religion, but religion does science very poorly.
Science makes art goal driven.
Science makes certain real basic assumptions about how the universe operates.
Science makes it understandable, a consequence of the evolutionary enlargement of our brain.
Science Makes it Work.
Science makes major progress when the paradigms are changed.
Science makes models of nature, models of our universe, and medicine.
Science makes no claim to ultimate truth.
Science makes no suppositions without investigation.
Science makes patterns from ideas.
Science makes progress through the recognition and study of anomalies.
Science makes the bandwith of our sensory perception very small.
Science makes theories about the way the world is.
Science makes use of mathematics, and it makes observations and experiments.
Science marches on.
Science means a method of thought.
Science means generating and using knowledge to solve problems.
Science means knowing, fiction means making it up.
Science means knowledge, and the essence of the scientific method is observation and repeatability.
Science means simply the aggregate of all the recipes that are always successful.
Science means taking a risk.
Science means the study of nature and living things.
Science measures physical things.
Science mediates our cultural experience.
Science meets art at the interface between objectivity and subjectivity.
Science meets faith .
Science meets policy .
Science meets the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Organization.
Science meets twice in our six-day cycle.
Science merely describes.
Science moves ahead by disproving hypotheses.
Science moves ahead in fits and starts.
Science moves forward because it is verifiable.
Science moves neither smoothly nor evenly.
Science moves way slow too.
Science needs a boost.
Science needs a diversity of ideas unencumbered by philosophical naturalism.
Science needs a new face.
Science needs an open society to work properly.
Science needs creativity.
Science needs math to measure things and to make sense of the world.
Science needs more women.
Science needs pioneering and foresight.
Science needs religion so much that science is less interesting without it.
Science needs the proper methodology, ontology, epistemology with ethics.
Science needs to be integrated and hands-on right from the beginning of school.
Science needs to be questioned.
Science needs to be released from the lab into the culture.
Science needs to be relevant to students' daily life.
Science needs to be shared for the enhancement of society.
Science needs to evolve, too.
Science needs to study self-motivation much more.
Science needs to work within spiritual, ethical, ecological and social constraints.
Science needs toilet-training and it never got that.
Science needs women.
Science never aims to reveal the ultimate reality.
Science never ends.
Science never is.
Science never makes discovery without a leap of faith.
Science never proves anything in an absolute sense.
Science never proves anything.
Science never rests in expanding the boundaries of knowledge.
Science never stops.
Science now accepts that magnetic energy does have an effect upon electrical equipment.
Science now accepts the idea that rocks can fall from outer space onto Earth.
Science now becomes infinitely more complex.
Science now considers a blue moon to be the second full moon in one month.
Science now consists of two years focusing on physical and life sciences.
Science now has a firmly established place as a core subject within the primary school.
Science now has a huge impact on sports around the globe.
Science Now has daily science news.
Science now has some answers concerning the cost of an unforgiving spirit.
Science now has the ability to clone human beings.
Science Now is a daily updated news service for researchers and scientists.
Science Now is an engaging overview of a wide range of modern scientific fields.
Science NOW is available only by subscription.
Science now knows dogs directly evolved from the wolf, through a process known as neoteny.
Science now knows that alcohol causes birth defects.
Science now knows which genetic mutation that causes the disorder.
Science now pervades all things.
Science Now provides timely stories of interest on science and technological advancements.
Science now tells a different tale, one based on DNA analysis.
Science now thinks they are the same mushroom.
Science observes the evidence and then makes the claim, based on that evidence.
Science observes the material world, but religion sees the mental, nonmaterial.
Science offers a better solution.
Science offers a clear answer that perfectly complements the teaching of Scripture.
Science offers a strategy for sorting out the truth.
Science offers advances with the introduction of new technologies.
Science offers an 'alternative' to just being right.
Science offers an unparalleled opportunity for recruitment advertisers.
Science offers explanations of events by sum- marizing many events under some general rule.
Science offers many varied and viable career choices.
Science offers no absolute truth, no absolute certainty.
Science offers no insight into higher realities, never mind the transcendental Reality.
Science offers no security.
Science offers no solace for the trauma of the living.
Science offers no solutions.
Science offers no such metaphors.
Science offers proof without any certainty.
Science offers the best price on the internet.
Science offers the practice only a certain degree of justification.
Science Offers timely articles and commentary on general science topics.
Science online provides free access to current and back issues of table of contents.
Science only builds on the work of scientists of the past in order to look into the future.
Science only deals with repeating occurances in the present.
Science only measures things.
Science only tries to make models of reality that have predictive power.
Science opens the mind and the imagination.
Science opens up the realm of the concrete and philosophy opens the realm of the abstract.
Science operates on a system of evidence and proof, while religion consists of blind faith.
Science operates on induction.
Science operates on trust.
Science oriented subjects are much more marketable that humanities and arts.
Science peels the onion of selenium effects on prostate carcinogenesis.
Science permits squabbling long after the question is answered.
Science pervades a broad spectrum of workplaces.
Science picks itself up, shakes itself off, and moves on.
Science places great faith in the evidence of the senses.
Science Plan a meal- paste pictures on paper plates.
Science plays a central role in our cultural, political and economic life.
Science plays an important role in the resolution of environment and energy issues.
Science plays no part there.
Science points to the universe as a created universe.
Science posits a dynamic relation between thirrgs.
Science Practice mainly for people working in hospital blood banks.
Science prefers to conduct studies in vitro , in order to control the variables.
Science presently describes the universe as winding down toward decay and disorder.
Science presses forward, unwavering.
Science pretends to be inductive, to search for answers.
Science prevails on the strength of truth alone.
Science probably has no more of an idea of the true nature of instinct than does a lay observer.
Science proceeds by establishing an hypothesis and trying to discredit it.
Science proceeds by the plodding steps of the understanding.
Science proceeds by way of informed speculation.
Science proceeds from faith, but faith is developed and recast by science.
Science proceeds in a different manner.
Science proceeds in strange ways.
Science proceeds in time by an alternation of theory and experiment.
Science proceeds only with the communication of ideas.
Science proceeds through a slow process of accretion of results.
Science proceeds with that methodology.
Science proclaims that our present reality is dependent on the relationship between space and time.
Science produces accurate facts, scientific laws and theories.
Science produces fruit only in an atmosphere of freedom.
Science produces ideas about how and why the world functions the way it does.
Science produces ideas that spawn new technologies and other applications of knowledge.
Science progresses as new ideas replace old ones.
Science progresses by a logical and sensible process.
Science progresses by correcting old misconceptions.
Science progresses by learning new things, which lead to new puzzles.
Science progresses by making mistakes, correcting the mistakes, then moving on to other matters.
Science progresses by overturning conventional wisdom.
Science progresses by the free and open exchange of information.
Science progresses by the gradual accumulation of data.
Science progresses funeral by funeral.
Science progresses infrequently through serendipity.
Science progresses step by step by eliminating error.
Science progresses through a series of research programmes.
Science progresses through and perhaps even because of disbelief.
Science progresses through honesty and openness about the research process and the research results.
Science progresses through interaction and collaboration and competition on a world scale.
Science progresses through trial and error, mostly error.
Science progresses when better mental models come along and upset cherished perceptions.
Science promises an even higher value for growth.
Science properly done is one of the humanities, as a fine physics teacher once said.
Science Protecting Nature - Find out more about the nature of our research.
Science proves nothing absolutely.
Science proves that everything in creation is just 'activity'.
Science proves time and time again that they get things wrong.
Science provide helpful background information on many science topics.
Science provides a basis for addressing issues that affect our lives.
Science provides a context for reading.
Science provides a knowledge for understanding the world.
Science provides a means for dealing with vague concepts like the healing force.
Science provides a rationale for the police.
Science provides a sound way to view, understand, and even forecast many events.
Science provides an essential basis for the sound management of fisheries and oceans resources.
Science provides answers.
Science provides benefits.
Science provides doorways into the future, and the doors to be opened are being chosen in the West.
Science provides education and experience in preparation for careers in the aviation field.
Science provides endless motivation for visual imagery.
Science provides evidence.
Science provides important information and tools for effective stewardship of created things.
Science Provides information from a variety of sources on all aspects of science.
Science provides insight.
Science provides knowledge.
Science provides lessons that build proficient readers.
Science Provides links to biological sites and engines containing compilations of resources.
Science provides little evidence of the effectiveness of bake-outs.
Science provides molecular techniques.
Science provides new molecular techniques.
Science provides new techniques.
Science provides no decision between the two.
Science provides parameters, say, in the knowledge of the biological sources of homosexuality.
Science provides proof of the discrimination.
Science provides provide answers to many questions.
Science provides some essential disciplinary rigor.
Science provides strong evidence.
Science provides techniques.
Science provides the basis for environmental decision-making.
Science provides the basis of modern technology that improves the living standard of human beings.
Science provides the knowledge and technology the means of action.
Science provides the knowledge that engineers use to create tools.
Science provides the option of great and innovative treatment.
Science provides the understanding of the concrete aspect of our reality.
Science provides the weathervane and the compass.
Science provides tiny, fragmented insights into the natural world.
Science provides ways to judge and discard unfounded ideas.
Science provides writers with a repertoire of verbs to explain the universe.
Science pursues the knowledge of the universe, it seeks a understanding of ALL natural phenomena.
Science raises ethical issues.
Science raises issues.
Science raises matter of ethics, justice for prosecutor.
Science raises more intriguing questions than can be answered or even addressed.
Science reaches conclusions by examining the available evidence.
Science really has no organized constituency except itself.
Science really is full of fun facts.
Science reckons that there are more LQTS patients as first supposed.
Science recognizes types.
Science recommend taking lab science in order to maintain more second year flexibility.
Science regards the laws of thermodynamics as almost sacred.
Science rejects the non-rational as unreal.
Science relates to investigations.
Science relates to knowledge.
Science relates to scientific investigations.
Science relies on concepts.
Science relies on empirical evidence.
Science relies on experimental and observational facts of nature.
Science relies on human qualities, such as reasoning, insight, energy, skill and creativity.
Science relies on observations of the natural world.
Science relies on peer-review and the reproducibility of results.
Science relies on repeated observations to confirm natural phenomena.
Science relies on results.
Science relies on the free transaction of ideas, contrary to most business models.
Science relies on the testimony of the senses.
Science remains at the heart of modern psychology.
Science remains dangerous, but it is also increasingly portrayed as useless in solving problems.
Science remains in conditioning, science remains in becoming, science remains linked to time.
Science replaces knowledge very quickly.
Science replaces magic in the world.
Science replaces the divine, eternal laws described by Aquinas with natural, physical laws.
Science Reports on current events and findings.
Science represents an investment in organized knowledge for society and the economy.
Science represents the highest structural abstractions that have been produced at each date.
Science require more disk space as require more images.
Science requires a better way.
Science requires a grid of clean transport in order to function as a universal system of knowledge.
Science requires a healthy skepticism.
Science requires a hypothesis, and then it is proven or disproven by experiments.
Science requires a systematic process for gathering knowledge . .
Science requires absolute integrity.
Science requires an almost complete openness to all ideas.
Science requires an open-minded approach to the universe.
Science requires bold steps if it is to move forward.
Science requires careful observation and critical thinking.
Science requires certain hazing-like rituals before research can be considered valid.
Science requires creativity, open collaboration, and peer review.
Science requires different abilities, human qualities, and habits of the mind.
Science requires different abilities.
Science requires equally as much faith.
Science requires equipment.
Science requires good observation skills.
Science requires hard evidence.
Science requires much more.
Science requires observation skills.
Science requires personal discovery and time in measures schools have yet to understand.
Science requires precision.
Science requires rigorous physical proofs.
Science requires scientists.
Science requires skills.
Science requires specific theories and laws that can be used to predict.
Science requires that theory be built from accumulated evidence.
Science requires that tremendous focusing.
Science requires theory for three reasons.
Science requires verifiable, repeatable observations.
Science -Research the scientific methods used to preserve documents.
Science rests on evidence.
Science reveals grass truly is greener on the other side.
Science reveals misconception.
Science reveals reality.
Science reveals to strokes of paint from the painters hand.
Science ridicules new ideas, infectious textbook errors, drawing holograms by hand.
Science rises like a building, brick by brick.
Science runs amok at a theme park.
Science say there are trees in other plants than earth.
Science says a lot about mechanisms and processes, about cause and effect.
Science says it is superstition to credit supernatural forces for the success of our work.
Science says it s shrinking.
Science says it s true.
Science says it was.
Science says no.
Science says nothing about purpose.
Science says so.
Science says that a fetus is a person from the moment of conception.
Science says that it is a great calendar, built by the ancient people of Great Britain.
Science says that once the earth was all one land.
Science says that the electron waves on earth collapse because the entire universe is looking .
Science says that there's a cause for every effect.
Science says they sound like malfunctioning electronic black-birds .
Science says two people coming up with the rash means both touched the resin.
Science says, as per the First Law of Thermodynamics, that nothing is being created today.
Science See Another dept.
Science seeks a cleaner but still comfortable world.
Science seeks out better ways of representing our experiences.
Science seeks the exact while art seeks the ambiguous.
Science seeks the fullest understanding it can reach.
Science seeks the perfect truth.
Science seeks the truth, philosophy proclaims it.
Science seeks to attain knowledge of objects in their universality.
Science seeks to break down and explain specific parts.
Science seeks to explain the physical realities of the natural world.
Science seeks to explain, understand or reveal.
Science seeks to overcome transitoriness by finding natural laws or eternal norms.
Science seeks to predict and explain natural phenomena.
Science seeks to understand and technology seeks to design a human solution.
Science seeks to understand the universe through rationality, reason, and skepticism.
Science seems also to be proving that now.
Science seems like a difficult truth to be revealed by high priests, and then forgotten.
Science seems rather ignored, aside from natural description.
Science seems to be the most venerated contemporary category of knowledge structures.
Science seems to eventually find a cause for everything.
Science seems to have eroded the place where the gods once dwelt.
Science seems to have governing laws, such as the law of gravity.
Science seems to say that it is.
Science sees it differently.
Science sees itself as the answer to all questions.
Science sees no possibility of cracking through the wall of the Klein universe.
Science separates the world from our perception of it.
Science sets itself up against myth.
Science shows chemical components.
Science shows components.
Science shows global warming is a real threat.
Science shows how nothing supernatural is required to explain anything in the universe.
Science shows that it often does more to change the brain chemistry than the drugs.
Science shows that no two storms or winds are exactly alike, despite the similarities.
Science shows that soils high with fungi contains lower populations of nematodes.
Science shows that the goodness of dairy plays a big role in disease prevention.
Science shows underlie unity.
Science shows unity.
Science Sign our guestbook .
Science signals a new understanding of marihuana.
Science simply can never provide such assurances.
Science simply makes no assumptions about gods.
Science simply picks the combination of hypotheses that seems more plausible.
Science so labeled is a non-biblical science.
Science solves many problems and makes life easier.
Science solves problems.
Science sounds like blowing bubbles in a glass of milk.
Science speaks of energy in both potential and kinetic states.
Science speaks of it in almost precisely the same language.
Science sponsors three career fairs each year.
Science starts and ends with reality.
Science starts out with observations - facts.
Science starts with observations.
Science Stay in touch with the latest science news.
Science still has many questions about their effectiveness and long-term safety.
Science still has much to learn about botanicals and their effect on human health.
Science still has no adequate explanation for why that happens.
Science still is a logical process deep down, but it is very subtle.
Science still offers nothing to address hair loss, chemotherapy's most visible side effect.
Science still struggles to find a vaccine, but a speedy cure seems unlikely.
Science stretches our imagination to our wildest dreams.
Science strives to describe the world as accurately as possible, and everyone's help is needed.
Science studies chemistry.
Science studies decomposition.
Science studies matter.
Science studies patterns.
Science studies the material world.
Science studies the physical aspects of the world, the geological, biological, and astronomical.
Science Study the effects of temperature on water.
Science Study the weather.
Science subsists on the exchange of information.
Science succeeds at more than accommodating experience.
Science suffers, too.
Science suggests it's a benign, useful substance, vital to all sorts of medical products.
Science suggests they have good reason to do so.
Science supports both the industrial and the traditional views.
Science supports conclusions.
Science supports types.
Science surrounding climate change is very complex.
Science sweeps that responsibility under the rug and races on to a new theory.
Science Take a look at the courses offered in the science department.
Science take place each year.
Science takes a quantum leap.
Science takes on old wives tales concerning alcohol consumption.
Science takes the pulse of the world.
Science takes time, as does crafting good policy.
Science takes time.
Science teaches that everything is vibrating, including matter which includes the physical body.
Science teaches that health and disease are but a continuum.
Science teaches the children of today that nature is made of atoms.
Science teaches the same fatal conclusions.
Science Tell the difference between fact and assumptions.
Science Tell the students that corn is a very important crop.
Science tells of set predictable patterns.
Science tends to be driven by simple curiosity, and by the desire of some scientist to do it first.
Science tends to bore folks because it requires careful thought and attention.
Science tends to exclude things that aren t science.
Science tends to pride itself on themes of universality.
Science tends to snub sunspots and cycles.
Science tends too much toward reductionism.
Science Themes Back to main website with sidebar.
Science therefore is in that faculty which takes cognisance of universals.
Science thinks that mathematics is what's the hidden, underlying expression of the reality.
Science thus becomes the means of controlling nature for the material benefit of humankind.
Science thus comes back to where it started, before it decided to exclude what was unobservable.
Science thus stands as the paradigm for any and all socially useful forms of knowledge.
Science too is a premise which is flawed.
Science touches everyone s life nowadays, and the responsible conduct of research concerns everyone.
Science touches our lives ever day.
Science tracks down woods burners.
Science treats the age of the earth like any other question.
Science tries to document the factual character of the natural world.
Science tries to explain nature, but to achieve precision, nature has to be abstracted.
Science tries to find order and meaning in our experience, and the same can be said of art.
Science tries to pin the guilt on the genes, or in other words, all is physical.
Science tries to rule out eccentricities of judgment by researchers.
Science Trunks Traveling science trunks are available for use by teachers in the classroom.
Science turns quickly into theology.
Science typically sponsors three career fairs each year.
Science Understands how variables impact results.
Science Understands the diversity and unity that characterize life.
Science understands the mechanisms of sight and the psychophysics of visual perception.
Science unfortunately continues to downplay DBVs.
Science united with reason declares the soul of theology a myth.
Science Use the Internet and other reference tools to research monsters.
Science uses a standardized, universal nomenclature using latinized names.
Science uses a technical vocabulary to describe phenomena.
Science uses a variety of materials to teach life, physical and earth sciences.
Science uses art as a stepping stone to see if it can be seen as reality.
Science uses empirical methods as it is based on experience.
Science uses formal logic and the exercise is often fruitful.
Science uses image technology that has derived from the design of the Pin Hole camera.
Science uses it as a model to start with.
Science uses knowledge.
Science uses laws.
Science uses logic as one means of evaluating theory.
Science uses mathematics, but it is also very different from mathematics.
Science uses medical knowledge.
Science uses natural causes to explain natural phenomena.
Science uses natural substances.
Science uses numbers.
Science uses substances.
Science uses the latter to insure an orderly progression of knowledge.
Science uses the scientific method.
Science uses theories.
Science values creative failure.
Science values the power of theory for explaining and predicting.
Science Visit a volcano.
Science Wake up and see the Earth rise.
Science wants to fix things.
Science widens our perception of the world.
Science wins again.
Science works based on footprints and very powerful inferences.
Science works best when the group fully participates in the process.
Science works in curious ways.
Science works on the border between the known and the unknown, pushing back the tide of mystery.
Science works on validated evidence, politics works on unvalidated votes.
Science works to make everything relative.
Science works to tap the minds of the dead.
Science works towards generating generalizations.
Science works with concepts.
Science Writing Get help for science project ideas and general science questions.
Sciences are in the state of revolution.
Sciences are more balanced, more objective.
Sciences are traditions of research which have developed in both time and space.
Sciences are unable to explain life.
Sciences create mathematics by translating physical ideas into mathematical questions and equations.
Sciences deliver the necessary information and technique.
Sciences give useful information regarding the physical world.
Sciences have specific rooms as do languages and fine arts.
Sciences is a top computer consulting and computer services firm.
Sciences is an equal employment opportunity employer.
Sciences religieuses .
Sciences Welcome to the planets.
Science always comes to an agreement.
Science always commands on principles.
Science always favors the simplest approach.
Science always prefers the most parsimonious theory.
Science always proceeds by being informed by cultural metaphors.
Science always receives a ringing endorsement.
Science always wins.
Science frequently provides a justification for detachment.
Science often advances in leaps and bounds when measurement devices improve.
Science often advances with the introduction of new technologies.
Science often deals with very large or very small numbers.
Science often deals with very tangible aspects of reality.
Science often exploits.
Science often leads to double-edged technologies.
Science often learns more from mistakes than from successes.
Science often pollutes.
Science often requires experimental reruns and duplication.
Science often sells out.
Science often spends decades proving what the human heart already knows.
Science often takes U-turns.
Science often works by eliminating other possibilities.
Science sometimes comes to mind.
Science sometimes goes full circle.
Science sometimes raises more questions than it can answer.
Science usually depends on repeating experiments and getting the same results.
All science based upon dogmatic belief is in fact biased, by definition.
All science begins as observation.
All science begins in wonder.
All science can do is open up a wider understanding of the universe.
All science can do is take a subject and look at it a thousand different ways.
All science depends upon the researchers' ability to replicate experiments.
All science has one aim, namely, to find a theory of nature.
All science involves selection as well as abstraction.
All science involving wormholes is highly speculative.
All science is a building block sequence.
All science is a method of inquiry into phenomena.
All science is based on experiments.
All science is based on open-minded scepticism and a demand for evidence.
All science is built on the principle of causality.
All science is concerned with the relationship of cause and effect.
All science is constructed out of the per- sonal knowledge of individual men.
All science is directed towards the goal of describing and explaining phenomena in nature.
All science is discovery.
All science is either physics or philately.
All science is either physics or stamp collecting .
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
All science is physics, or it is stamp collecting.
All science is teleological, having to do with evolution and progress.
All science is theory.
All science proceeds on the basis of faith.
All science requires faith in the inner harmony of the world.
All science requires mathematics.
All science starts with observations.
All sciences are historical.
All sciences are more useful than philosophy, but none are more necessary.
All sciences are open to a yogi.
All sciences build models of the world.
All sciences continually strive to encapsulate and generalize that which can be known.
All sciences discover and collect data.
All sciences have a hidden ontology and all ontologies anticipate a knowledge .
All sciences including electronics requires a certain understanding of mathematics.
All sciences involve making measurements, which are liable to error.
All sciences ultimately study nature.
All sciences work with the research information that is obtained by means of our five senses.
Any science deals with matters which can be systematically explored.
Any science is both a study of knowledge and the process whereby that knowledge is obtained.
Any science is founded on bedrock theories.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.
Every science begins with agreement s.
Every science is a function of the psyche, and all knowledge is rooted in it.
Every science is a slave to the science of kalaam .
Every science is a systematised body of knowledge.
Every science is inductive because it always generalizes from finite number of observations.
Every science makes some assumptions, posits some hypotheses.
Every science starts as philosophy, and becomes art.
Every science thrives on oversimplifications, and cognitive science is no exception.
More science is needed so that successful wetlands can be created more often.
Most science affects human life.
Most science affects life.
Most science applies chemistry.
Most science applies methods.
Most science demands evidence.
Most science demonstrates biological integrity.
Most science demonstrates integrity.
Most science derives from principles.
Most science encourages children.
Most science encourages students.
Most science enhances performance.
Most science establishes guidelines.
Most science evolves over decades.
Most science explains concepts.
Most science explains facts.
Most science explains phenomena.
Most science explains principles.
Most science focuses on science.
Most science has answers.
Most science has awareness.
Most science has beauty.
Most science has biodiversity.
Most science has decisions.
Most science has dimensions.
Most science has evidence.
Most science has limitations.
Most science has places.
Most science has proof.
Most science has results.
Most science has treatments.
Most science helps teachers.
Most science helps techniques.
Most science helps train techniques.
Most science includes chemistry.
Most science includes concepts.
Most science includes light.
Most science incorporates principles.
Most science involves examinations.
Most science involves measurements.
Most science is based on the quantitative analysis of measured phe- nomena.
Most science is designed to keep the United States competitive in a global economy.
Most science is directed towards practical results.
Most science is now with big teams on big projects.
Most science is produced in networks of researchers collaborating across institutional boundaries.
Most science is supported by biology.
Most science provides answers.
Most science provides benefits.
Most science provides evidence.
Most science provides insight.
Most science provides knowledge.
Most science provides molecular techniques.
Most science provides new molecular techniques.
Most science provides new techniques.
Most science provides strong evidence.
Most science provides techniques.
Most science raises ethical issues.
Most science raises issues.
Most science recognizes types.
Most science relates to investigations.
Most science relates to knowledge.
Most science relates to scientific investigations.
Most science relies on concepts.
Most science relies on results.
Most science requires good observation skills.
Most science requires observation skills.
Most science requires scientists.
Most science requires skills.
Most science rests on evidence.
Most science reveals misconception.
Most science shows chemical components.
Most science shows components.
Most science shows underlie unity.
Most science shows unity.
Most science solves problems.
Most science supports conclusions.
Most science supports types.
Most science uses knowledge.
Most science uses medical knowledge.
Most science uses natural substances.
Most science uses substances.
Most science uses theories.
Most sciences are far newer and more obscure.
Much science is lost in the fluff.
Much science is realized through equipment that uses waves, light, sound and electromagnetic waves.
Much science is taught by memorization.
Some science combines geologies.
Some science confirms effectiveness.
Some science deals with abnormalities.
Some science deals with applications.
Some science deals with atmospheres.
Some science deals with basic chemistry.
Some science deals with behaviour.
Some science deals with chemistry.
Some science deals with classifications.
Some science deals with climates.
Some science deals with crust.
Some science deals with designs.
Some science deals with earth crust.
Some science deals with energy.
Some science deals with evolution.
Some science deals with heat.
Some science deals with heredity.
Some science deals with human behaviour.
Some science deals with inheritances.
Some science deals with liquids.
Some science deals with mollusks.
Some science deals with operations.
Some science deals with phenomena.
Some science deals with plant vegetables.
Some science deals with primates.
Some science deals with psychoanalysis.
Some science deals with structural designs.
Some science deals with surgical operations.
Some science deals with use.
Some science deals with vegetables.
Some science drives development.
Some science enhances energy security.
Some science enhances security.
Some science explains power.
Some science focuses on evolution.
Some science has lists.
Some science includes activities.
Some science includes evolution.
Some science involves applications.
Some science makes the claim that certain people are genetically structured to be homosexuals.
Some science prevents erosion.
Some science prevents soil erosion.
Some science provides backgrounds.
Some science provides fascinate backgrounds.
Some science requires facts.
Some science seeks truth.
Some science shows concepts.
Some science supports use.
Some science works in contexts.
ScienceDirect licence provides access to three year backfiles.
ScienceDirect licence provides three year backfiles.
ScienceNOW service provides daily updated short news article of interest to the science community.
Scienific research is completely subjective.
Scientific Abstracts are available to download.
Scientific acceptance plays a critical link in gaining eventual regulatory acceptance.
Scientific accountability is still insufficient.
Scientific achievement continues to alter our daily lives.
Scientific activity is culture bound and therefore has religious direction.
Scientific activity is perceived by many as dangerous, polluting and potentially disastrous.
Scientific activity is the only one which is obviously and undoubtedly cumulative and progressive.
All scientific activity is dependent upon discoveries of the past and of the present.
Scientific advance coupled with moral and spiritual decline is deadly.
Scientific advance is dependent on the efficient communication of ideas.
Scientific advances begin with observations.
Scientific advances rely on full and open access to data.
Scientific advances result in economic growth that is the envy of the world.
Scientific advancement enables people to improve their well-being and future.
Scientific advancement is greatest when agreement between theory and experiment is achieved.
All scientific advancement shows epochs of great progress.
Scientific advice continues to indicate that the stock status for Atlantic salmon is generally poor.
Scientific advice is indispensable, but it is no panacea.
Scientific advice is very important to government, and politicians realize that.
Scientific advice needs to be better integrated into decision-making.
Scientific advice relates to both food safety and public health .
Scientific agencies use maps of celestial bodies and special-purpose maps of Earth.
Scientific analyses lead to discoveries.
Scientific analyses suggest that canines have a sense of pitch.
Scientific analysis has established that the cause was a large quantity of gas, the paper says.
Scientific analysis is in progress.
Most scientific analyses lead to discoveries.
Scientific animation is more mathematically accurate.
Scientific animation is significantly different from demonstrative animation.
Scientific applications benefit from being available on a wide variety of platforms.
Scientific applications can be very interesting.
Scientific applications focus on computational biology and chemistry.
Scientific applications focus on the mutual interdependence of science, technology, and society.
Scientific approaches base on measurements.
Scientific area is a rich combination of low prairie, sedge meadow, and fen plants.
Scientific argument is any proof which depends on sense experience and experimentation.
Scientific argument is useless because science has a vested interest.
Scientific articles are peer-reviewed.
Scientific articles based on original research are also welcome.
Many scientific articles are like that.
Some scientific articles deal with relativity.
Scientific aspects are mostly inaccurate and unexplained.
Scientific assessment is broken into two phases that overlap somewhat.
Scientific authorities account for it by the flow eastward of a warm current from the Japan coast.
Most scientific authorities believe successful cloning is unlikely.
Most scientific authorities call the Livermore hypothesis impossible.
Scientific axioms contrast sharply with autistic or traditional propositions.
Scientific background is extremely helpful.
Some scientific background is a significant plus.
Scientific basis is meager.
Scientific beliefs are never absolute.
Most scientific bodies are either national or international.
Scientific breakthrough transforms the meaning of sleep.
Scientific breakthroughs are rare.
Scientific breakthroughs can allow an industry to convert to entirely new operating processes.
Scientific breakthroughs start when somebody sees the world in a different way.
Scientific breakthroughs take place at lightning speed.
Most scientific breakthroughs including cloning come about through a process of accretion.
Scientific calculator is required, and a graphing calculator is highly recommended.
Scientific calculator is required.
Scientific calculators are acceptable as long as they are non-programmable.
Scientific calculators are acceptable.
Scientific Calculators are capable calculators, typically with advanced graphing capabilities.
Scientific calculators can also use bigger numbers .
Scientific calculators can also use bigger numbers.
Scientific calculators have brackets buttons.
Scientific Calculators Perform other conversions and scientific calculations.
All scientific calculators provide some means of evaluating the exponential function.
Any scientific calculator is sufficient.
Most scientific calculator has a function to convert decimal to hex and vice versa.
Most scientific calculators can do linear regressions.
Most scientific calculators have a key for converting easily between polar and rectangular forms.
Most scientific calculators have keys for determining logarithms.
Most scientific calculators work with scientific notation.
Scientific career means a high ranking on citation index.
Scientific change is a kind of religious change.
Scientific change requires flexibility and keeping up to date is essential.
Scientific chaos looks disorganized, and can even pass the statistical tests for randomness.
Scientific classification belongs to the science of taxonomy.
Scientific classification is how scientists catagorize and name plants and animals.
Scientific collection is professional, selective and minimal.
Scientific collection is professional, selective, and minimal.
Scientific collections have no commercial value.
Scientific collectors permits.
Most scientific combat is waged over convictions that're no less tenuous.
Scientific communication occurs in many different ways.
Some scientific communication is dependent on manipulation of formulas.
Scientific communities undertake tasks.
Most scientific communities undertake tasks.
Some scientific communities make discoveries.
Some scientific communities make new discoveries.
Scientific competency is ensured through rigorous standards in the basic sciences and mathematics.
Scientific computations are a primary example.
Scientific concepts are abstract and systematic.
Some scientific concepts are difficult to get across to students in the classroom.
Some scientific concepts involve live organisms.
Some scientific concepts involve organisms.
Scientific conclusions are subject to change when new techniques and equipment are available.
Scientific conclusions are tentative.
Scientific conclusions refer to an external source of judgement .
Scientific conferences are the right and proper place to present new ideas and preliminary data.
Scientific consensus can change and has many, many times in the past.
Scientific consensus is that pollution causes global warming.
Scientific consensus is unattainable.
Scientific contemplation is a private good.
Scientific contexts can be especially productive for exploring and using mathematics.
Scientific contributions are of utmost importance.
Scientific controls are a part of the scientific method .
Many scientific controversies involve the measurement of materials or properties in nature.
Scientific credibility requires that experts from many fields work together.
Scientific cruises help reveal some of the secrets of marine life in Antarctica.
Scientific curiosity is a wonderful thing, but it pays to thing about the consequences.
Scientific databases are usually large, distributed and dynamically changing.
Scientific databases tend to remain closed and only accessible for the science project partners.
Scientific databases vary in the extent to which they constitute a public good'.
Scientific data are generally subjective.
Scientific data are our best understanding of truth.
Scientific data indicate that the newer the home, the greater the risk of lead contamination.
Scientific data is found in the form of variables .
Scientific data is important to policy making.
Scientific data is of little value if it remains buried in laboratory data books.
Scientific data is the lifeblood of all research activity.
Scientific data is, however, frequently lacking on the biology of some endangered species.
Scientific data provide clear evidence that important driving skills are impaired at very low BACs.
Scientific data show that Gulf red snapper are severely overfished.
Scientific data showing impact on the quality of care is impossible to refute.
Scientific data showing the effect of the watershed restoration treatments is sparse.
Scientific data shows a close correlation between shrimping and strandings.
Scientific data shows the correlation of wave shapes with aura color.
Scientific data suggest that vegetarians have reduced risks for several degenerative diseases.
Some scientific data is available to assess different impacts at various distances.
Scientific debate continues on the moral and ethical questions which arise with each new discovery.
Scientific debate continues over how much trans fat people can healthfully consume.
Scientific debate is ongoing about the level of mercury exposure at which effects begin to occur.
Scientific design insures clear readings with no black out.
Scientific design leads to faster progress.
Scientific development continues at an unprecedented pace.
Scientific development is impossible without technological development.
Scientific developments demand more flexibility in health claims generation and evaluation.
Every scientific device conceals invisible dangers that become apparent much later.
Scientific dialog leads to important new discoveries and opportunities for collaborative inquiry.
Scientific director is prof.
Scientific discipline is a field
Scientific discipline is fields of study.
Scientific disciplines overlap more and more.
Any scientific discipline is about facts, facts, facts.
Every scientific discipline has it's host of technical journals.
Many scientific disciplines depend in some way on extracting structural information from noisy data.
Many scientific disciplines produce and use large, multidimensional databases.
Scientific discourse requires both written and oral expression.
Scientific discoveries are constantly in the news.
Scientific discoveries carry no moral signs.
Scientific discoveries improve quality.
Scientific discovery falls under unsupervised learning.
Scientific discovery finds special properties of chocolate crucial to a successful diet.
Scientific discovery is a path traveled by many dedicated figures.
Scientific discovery is an irrational act.
Scientific discovery is roughly comparable to the discovery of the Earth.
Scientific discovery keeps just ahead of the microbe's ability to evade treatment.
Scientific discovery takes long periods of trial and error.
Every scientific discovery is born into a vast sea of society and politics.
Every scientific discovery is in a sense the autobiography of the man who made it.
Most scientific discoveries are the process of slow and painstaking research.
Most scientific discoveries improve quality.
Some scientific discoveries lead to development.
Some scientific discoveries lead to technology.
Some scientific discoveries raise new issues.
Some scientific discoveries reveal mysteries.
Scientific discussion is fostered by the exchange of visiting scientists.
Scientific dissent does exist and on at least two levels.
Scientific diving is a useful tool for the study of coastal marine organisms.
Scientific drama can often be unwelcome.
Scientific education encompasses the physical and life sciences and mathematics.
All scientific endeavor begins with open questions.
Every scientific endeavor is the result of humankind's unquenchable thirst for knowledge.
Scientific enquiry is more than an occupation or career.
Scientific enquiry is often the business of looking for whatever it is that is doing the causing.
Most scientific entries have abstracts.
Scientific equations are just like tautologies and similar techniques so often used by poets.
Scientific equipment is in position for the return of a field party too .
Scientific equipment is the most advanced and of the finest quality, usually imported.
Some scientific equipment is sensitive to radio frequency interference.
Scientific errors are also prevalent in government.
Scientific estimates vary, and keep getting pushed back as more research is completed.
Scientific ethics fight for a socially constructed knowledge.
Scientific ethics plays a very significant role in true scientific programs.
Scientific evidence abounds that they, in fact, do.
Scientific evidence backs their claim, the authors argue.
Scientific evidence calls for a new, more sophisticated, approach in the courtroom.
Scientific evidence can help persuade patients about the effectiveness of various interventions.
Scientific evidence comes to light.
Scientific evidence confirms that children already hear when still in the womb.
Scientific evidence demonstrates no adverse effects from the water in dental unit water lines.
Scientific evidence disproves theories.
Scientific evidence exists linking death and disease to tobacco use.
Scientific evidence favors the pro-life position.
Scientific evidence includes a common genetic code.
Scientific evidence includes molecular building blocks that are common to all life forms.
Scientific evidence indicates causes.
Scientific evidence is against it.
Scientific evidence is always incomplete and uncertain.
Scientific evidence is available to support the young earth.
Scientific evidence is even more scarce about the effectiveness of hypnosis as a pain reliever .
Scientific evidence is important, but is always secondary to that basic fundamental.
Scientific evidence is increasingly compelling.
Scientific evidence is indisputable, no matter how small the sample.
Scientific evidence is inductive in nature.
Scientific evidence is presented for a young universe and young earth, as well as recent life.
Scientific evidence is scanty.
Scientific evidence is the basis for prevention, diagnosis and treatment planning.
Scientific evidence is the kind of evidence that is used to study natural events.
Scientific evidence pertaining to the carcinogenic properties of chemicals change frequently.
Scientific evidence points to the opposite conclusion.
Scientific evidence proves it.
Scientific evidence provides a powerful means of forming opinions.
Scientific evidence seems to be pointing towards infection.
Scientific evidence shows a trend toward rising sea and air temperatures.
Scientific evidence shows that all of our naturally productive living systems are in decline.
Scientific evidence shows that lack of proper mental stimulation can actually harm the brain.
Scientific evidence shows that modern dogs, wolves, and foxes all have a common ancestor.
Scientific evidence shows that people who are addicts have a different brain chemistry than others.
Scientific evidence shows that the use of tobacco is a major health hazard.
Scientific evidence shows that they disrupt the endocrine system in wildlife.
Scientific evidence shows types.
Scientific evidence suggests benefits.
Scientific evidence suggests health.
Scientific evidence suggests otherwise.
Scientific evidence suggests that ginger can be helpful for various forms of nausea.
Scientific evidence suggests that hungry children are less likely to become productive citizens.
Scientific evidence suggests that intensive confinement causes physical disorders in sows.
Scientific evidence suggests that snakes evolved from lizards.
Scientific evidence supporting barium enema or colonoscopy as routine screening is more limited.
Scientific evidence supporting the dietary benefit of tocotrienols is relatively new.
Scientific evidence supporting the pest control theory is hard to find.
Scientific evidence supports benefits.
Scientific evidence supports both sides.
Scientific evidence supports health benefits.
Scientific evidence supports ideas.
Scientific evidence supports that genetic mutations are an underlying cause of cancer.
Scientific evidence supports that journaling provides other unexpected benefits.
Scientific evidence supports the adoption of more health-protective national standards.
Scientific evidence supports the Alabama sturgeon as a distinct species.
Scientific evidence supports the use of artichoke as a liver remedy.
Scientific evidence supports value of sound diet, exercise, stress management, some herbs.
Scientific evidence takes precedence over expert judgment.
All scientific evidence is to the contrary.
More scientific evidence is presented over the years confirming significant parts of the bible.
Most scientific evidence comes to light.
Most scientific evidence disproves theories.
Most scientific evidence gives rise to multiple interpretations.
Most scientific evidence indicates causes.
Most scientific evidence shows types.
Most scientific evidence suggests benefits.
Most scientific evidence suggests health.
Most scientific evidence supports benefits.
Most scientific evidence supports health benefits.
Most scientific evidence supports ideas.
Some scientific evidence exists for bowel syndromes.
Some scientific evidence exists for syndromes.
Some scientific evidence indicates debris.
Some scientific evidence provides comparison.
Some scientific evidence shows deposition.
Some scientific evidence shows domestication.
Some scientific evidence suggests animals.
Some scientific evidence suggests depressions.
Some scientific evidence suggests it is useful for treating mild to moderate depression.
Some scientific evidence suggests moderate depressions.
Some scientific evidence suggests other animals.
Some scientific evidence suggests other wild animals.
Some scientific evidence suggests wild animals.
Some scientific evidence supports treatments.
Scientific excavation involves more than the recovery of buried artifacts.
Scientific excellence depends entirely on the skills of individual scientists.
Scientific excellence is a prime consideration.
Scientific excellence is crucial in restoring confidence in our scientific capacity.
Scientific excellence is the selection criterium.
Scientific experiments are a powerful procedure for investigating causal relations.
Scientific experiments are expensive and it is impossible to test all products.
Scientific experiments are located in space shuttles.
Scientific experiments are no longer 'true' or 'false' - but sets of performance art.
Scientific experiments demonstrate that each person has a different voice pattern.
Scientific experiments have types.
Most scientific experiments have types.
Some scientific experiments produce reliable results.
Some scientific experiments produce results.
Some scientific experiments take many years.
Scientific experts are preferred .
Scientific experts are preferred.
Scientific experts say such directional drilling poses no danger to the lakes or the shoreline.
Scientific experts use best available science.
Scientific experts use science.
Most scientific experts use best available science.
Most scientific experts use science.
Scientific explanations aim to determine what methods the designer used.
Scientific explanations appeal to theories.
Scientific explanations are always subject to change in the face of new evidence.
Scientific explanations are historical.
Scientific explanations are limited .
Scientific explanations are more than the results of collecting and organizing data.
Scientific explanations are open to change when the data support a revision.
Scientific explanations are probabilistic .
Scientific explanations are scientific laws, hypotheses, or theories.
Scientific explanations are tentative.
Scientific explanations are third person accounts.
Scientific explanations assume cause-effect relationships .
Scientific explanations emphasize evidence.
Scientific exploration can facilitate analysis of real-world problems.
A scientific fact is an observation
Scientific facts are consistent and predictable-from the simplest to the most complex.
Scientific facts are frivolous to adherents of Work It Out.
Scientific facts are generalizations that admit of exceptions.
Scientific facts are observations.
Scientific facts indicate that their habitat is melting faster than projected.
Scientific facts prove there are none except the carcinogens produced by the smoke.
Scientific facts support decisions.
Some scientific facts are very hard to comprehend.
Scientific falsification is invited.
Every scientific finding has some associated uncertainty or range of conditions where it is true.
Scientific fraud is acceptable if it gets a conviction.
Scientific fraud is an interesting phenomenon in itself.
Scientific goals are the development of agent-oriented techniques and learning methods.
Scientific goals have blended with industrial and military goals over time, the author demonstrates.
Scientific goals span studies of the most distant objects to galactic astronomy.
Scientific groups study the damaging effects on plant, animal and human life.
Scientific growth means economic growth.
Scientific guidance is hard to come by when done to justify rather than to understand.
Scientific heavyweights give their opinions about the probability of actual alien encounters.
Scientific humor has a long history.
Scientific hypothesis are often difficult to formulate and even more difficult to adjudicate.
Scientific hypothesis is either true or false.
Scientific ideas are subject to change.
Scientific ideas can also have tipping points.
All scientific ideas are tentative and subject to change and improvement in principle.
Many scientific ideas become dangerous when extrapolated into the social realm.
Much scientific illustration involves charts, graphs, maps, and other non-representational images.
Scientific illustrators draw animals and plants.
Scientific illustrators draw illustrations of animals and plants.
Scientific illustrators work closely with scientists and the objects that they are researching.
Scientific images are more than just pictorials, they are the embodiment of properly collected data.
All scientific indicators point to protection of the prairie dog.
Scientific information becomes available at a rapid rate.
Scientific information carries the power of predictability of the behavior of consumers.
Scientific information doubles every five years.
Scientific information flatback many sea turtle weight.
Scientific information has major inaccuracies or is overly simplified.
Scientific information has occasional inaccuracies or is simplified.
Scientific information has roles.
Scientific information has some clarity.
Scientific information indicates revisions.
Scientific information is available on the internet and through library searches and support groups.
Scientific information is communicated clearly.
Scientific information is integrated with important social issues.
Scientific information is only grist for their decision mill.
Scientific information is presented in two ways.
Scientific information is provided in a fun environment, helping to show what volcanologists do.
Scientific information is something of value in the development of real-world solutions.
Scientific information is unclear.
Scientific information needs to be selected and classified in order to be reliable and useable.
Most scientific information has roles.
Most scientific information indicates revisions.
Scientific innovation is a prime catalyst of growth.
Scientific innovations are one thing.
Scientific inquiries involve tests.
Scientific inquiry becomes almost an isolated entity.
Scientific inquiry builds theories.
Scientific inquiry continues to produce new opportunities for military exploitation.
Scientific inquiry deals with both academic and real-world problems.
Scientific inquiry deals with inquiry.
Scientific inquiry depends on systematic examination of a phenomenon.
Scientific inquiry has little scope in time of war.
Scientific inquiry is an effective way of examining the world.
Scientific inquiry is filled with many emotions.
Scientific inquiry is logical, linear, systematic, and objective.
Scientific inquiry is new to many teachers.
Scientific inquiry is seen as essential to expand human knowledge and deepen members' faith.
Scientific inquiry is the planned and deliberate investigation of the natural world.
Scientific inquiry is used as the basic method of investigation.
Scientific inquiry requires independent thought, but no researcher is an island.
Scientific inquiry requires skills, experiences, and attitudes that can be taught.
Scientific inquiry requires the assumption that the world is real.
Scientific inquiry works to reduce the unknown, but can never fully remove it.
All scientific inquiry follows a similar protocol.
All scientific inquiry is limited by the skills and methods of the inquiring mind.
Any scientific inquiry requires that the methodology be spelled out, and fieldwork is no different.
Most scientific inquiries involve tests.
Scientific insights are to provide models for our social life.
A scientific instrument is an instrument
Scientific instruments are objects used in science.
Most scientific instruments are often of vital everyday importance.
Much scientific interest stems from Baikal's age.
Scientific investigation are done by following the scientific .
Scientific investigation can then refine and replace our original theories.
Scientific investigation is an ongoing process.
Scientific investigation is enchanced through the use of technology.
Scientific investigation is enhanced through the use of technology.
Scientific investigation is limited to questions that can be studied objectively.
Scientific investigation is needed to advance the understanding of medicine.
Scientific investigation leads to new knowledge about body systems and new medical applications.
Scientific investigations continue every week.
Scientific investigations involve evidence.
Scientific investigations involve practice safe procedures.
Scientific investigations involve procedures.
Scientific investigations involve safe procedures.
Scientific investigations require accurate length measurements.
Scientific investigations require accurate liquid measurements.
Scientific investigations require accurate measurements.
Scientific investigations require length measurements.
Scientific investigations require liquid measurements.
Scientific investigations require measurements.
Scientific investigations use methods.
All scientific investigation begins with data.
Most scientific investigations involve evidence.
Most scientific investigations involve practice safe procedures.
Most scientific investigations involve procedures.
Most scientific investigations involve safe procedures.
Most scientific investigations require accurate length measurements.
Most scientific investigations require accurate liquid measurements.
Most scientific investigations require accurate measurements.
Most scientific investigations require length measurements.
Most scientific investigations require liquid measurements.
Most scientific investigations require measurements.
Most scientific investigations use methods.
Scientific investigators seek to understand natural phenomena by direct observation and experiment.
Scientific investigators seek to understand natural phenomena by observation and experimentation.
Scientific issues can rapidly escalate into social, ethical and political issues.
Scientific issues permeate the law.
Scientific issues soc.
Scientific jargon abounds, events are heavily signposted and characterisation is thin.
Scientific jargon is used extensively to prove the validity of the practice to a Western audience.
Scientific journals are in a period of rapid change.
Scientific journals are intended for a scholarly audience.
Scientific journals have a lot of leverage.
Scientific journals provide a wealth of information.
Scientific journals remain silent.
Scientific journals take pride in high rejection rates for manuscripts.
Many scientific journals are online.
Many scientific journals cost hundreds or thousands of dollars each for a yearly subscription.
Most scientific journals are now highly specialized .
Some scientific journals describe methods.
Some scientific journals describe research methods.
Scientific knowing is impersonal, generalized, abstract, value-free information.
Scientific knowledge allows a minor result now to serve as the foundation for a major result later.
Scientific knowledge can solve most any problem.
Scientific knowledge comprises our best objective understanding of the universe.
Scientific knowledge continues to grow at a rapid rate.
Scientific knowledge emerges as whatever the practitioners of science judge to be the best stories.
Scientific knowledge exists, or at least partial knowlege, but it is scattered.
Scientific knowledge expands rapidly as new discoveries are made.
Scientific knowledge grows in a cumulative process.
Scientific knowledge is a domain
Scientific knowledge is a first approximation to the next approximation.
Scientific knowledge is a parallel distributed system.
Scientific knowledge is a product of humankind.
Scientific knowledge is a shared body of knowledge.
Scientific knowledge is a start.
Scientific knowledge is based mainly on experiment.
Scientific knowledge is based on experimentation or observation.
Scientific knowledge is built one piece at a time, the result of many studies over long periods.
Scientific knowledge is compared with that acquired in other disciplines.
Scientific knowledge is considered through detailed discussion of cases in empirical science.
Scientific knowledge is considered worthy.
Scientific knowledge is durable.
Scientific knowledge is especially contested in such complex domains as human health.
Scientific knowledge is founded in sensory observation.
Scientific knowledge is gained slowly and incrementally over time.
Scientific knowledge is generated by, and used for, asking questions concerning the natural world.
Scientific knowledge is higher than practical or productive knowledge.
Scientific knowledge is incomplete or absent in many areas.
Scientific knowledge is interpreted in the context of philosophical thought and vice versa .
Scientific knowledge is limited to the data received through the sense organs.
Scientific knowledge is made public.
Scientific knowledge is obtained incrementally over time from many small discoveries.
Scientific knowledge is one way of knowing, and religious knowledge is another.
Scientific knowledge is scanty and scattered.
Scientific knowledge is simultaneously reliable and tentative.
Scientific knowledge is strengthened by people questioning what is or has been accepted.
Scientific knowledge is structured in certain well-defined ways.
Scientific knowledge is subject to change.
Scientific knowledge is systematized knowledge in which the personal equation has been eliminated.
Scientific knowledge is the key to the future. .
Scientific knowledge is uncertain, but useful.
Scientific knowledge is uncertain, tentative and subject to revision.
Scientific knowledge is uncertain, tentative, and subject to revision.
Scientific knowledge is used to create new technology such as computers driven machines.
Scientific knowledge is, ipso facto, provisional pending possible falsification.
Scientific knowledge remains tentative and incomplete.
Scientific knowledge resides in the heads of individuals, so the model is self-referential.
All scientific knowledge is quantitative knowledge and the judgment is also a matter of quantities.
All scientific knowledge is tenative.
Some scientific knowledge is very old and yet is still applicable today.
Some scientific knowledge uses appropriate mathematical skills.
Some scientific knowledge uses appropriate skills.
Some scientific knowledge uses mathematical skills.
Some scientific knowledge uses skills.
Many scientific laboratories have elaborate web pages, where they organize their findings.
Some scientific laboratories have such generators several stories high.
Scientific language is also often metaphorical.
Scientific language is founded from the Latin language.
Scientific language is often a peculiar one.
Scientific law includes old common law.
Scientific law is a grace given to Christian men.
Scientific laws are constant and absolute.
Scientific laws are descriptions of the ways that matter and energy behave.
Scientific laws are descriptive generalizations having predictive value.
Scientific laws are merely conventions.
Scientific laws are the evidence used to support a conclusion.
Scientific laws are the same everywhere.
Scientific laws are universal.
Scientific laws are used to describe natural events or relationships.
Scientific laws describe things.
Scientific laws form the core of scientific knowledge.
All scientific laws appear to give similar results.
Some scientific leaders believe it's time to begin.
Scientific libraries differ greatly in size of the inventory.
Scientific literacy is also very helpful.
Scientific literacy is an important requirement for any scholar.
Scientific literacy is essential for all students, regardless of gender and cultural background.
Scientific literacy is essential for an educated citizenry.
Scientific literacy is essential to being a successful participant in the modern world.
Scientific literacy is important to gain an advantage in the technologically advance society.
Scientific literacy is more important today than ever before.
Scientific literacy is necessary for any effective progressive activist.
Scientific literacy is of increasing importance in the workplace.
Scientific literacy is of much importance in the workplace.
Scientific literacy is the major concern in the developed world.
Scientific literacy means being able to use scientific knowledge and ways of thinking in daily life.
Scientific literacy provides far more than knowledge and a way to view the world.
Scientific literacy requires a broad, interdisciplinary, but fundamental, grounding in the sciences.
Scientific literature contains more articles on fruit flies than on human sexuality.
Scientific literature indicates SAMe has numerous health and medical applications.
Scientific literature is available on each substance.
Scientific literature is basically of two types, primary and secondary.
Scientific literature reports tests of a human vaccine based on the same technology.
Some scientific magazines have columns dedicated to experiments for their readers.
Scientific management is better than guesstimates and pure intuition.
Scientific management is bounded and limited by the paradigms of the growing knowledge economy.
Scientific material is marginal.
Scientific materials are of major concern to academic and large public libraries.
All scientific material is assessed by an editorial panel and is independently refereed.
Scientific materialism is the ideology of one-dimensional metaphysics crafted onto science itself.
Scientific materialism negates any moral code that has meaning.
Scientific materialists probe the paranormal and hunger for extra-normal spirituality.
Scientific matters are explained in terms laymen can easily understand.
Scientific meaning is attached to event data objects.
Scientific measurements begin after penetration.
All scientific measurements have variation.
Every scientific measurement contains noise of some sort.
Scientific medicine aims to find the one best treatment for each disease.
Scientific meetings discuss the issue.
Scientific meetings have several functions.
Scientific meetings offer excellent opportunities to see how scientific information is exchanged.
Scientific meetings spawn ideas, facilitate networking and initiate collaborations.
Scientific meetings take place, in media are reported and books are printed.
Scientific merit includes correctness, significance, novelty, nontriviality, and completeness.
A scientific method is a methodology
Scientific method assumes the epistemology of empiricism to be valid.
Scientific method has, after all, a price.
Scientific method is a matter of belief.
Scientific method is a particular combination of empirical and rational procedures.
Scientific method is an approach employed by biologists for gathering information.
Scientific method is an exact and systematic way of understanding the world.
Scientific method is depicted.
Scientific method is emphasized.
Scientific method is humanity's tool for understanding the physical side of the universe.
Scientific method is included.
Scientific method is limited to a process defined by that which is measurable and repeatable.
Scientific method is the only method of seeking knowledge.
Scientific method produces certainty in limited areas.
Scientific method produces the ability of man to predict the future.
Scientific method questions the credibility of revealed truth.
Scientific method requires scientist to be an observer.
Scientific method requires theory, but also that theory be tested by observation and experiment.
Scientific method starts with raw observation, proceeds to hypothesis and then to experiment.
Scientific methods are impersonal.
Scientific methods are methodologies.
Scientific methods are open to review and are replicable over time.
Scientific methods are open to review and replicable over time.
Scientific methods depend on plant or animal remains for tree-ring or radiocarbon dating.
Scientific methods follow a sequenced and structured format.
Scientific methods mean little without something to collect data about.
Scientific methods replace the irrational, old-fashioned methods of agriculture.
Every scientific method known to humanity is subject to error, both mechanical and human.
Scientific methodology dictates repeatable and verifiable results.
Scientific misconduct is a concern of the entire scientific community.
Scientific misconduct is an outgrowth of mismanagement or a lack of proper supervision.
Scientific models are falsifiable.
Scientific models are hypotheses set forth to explain experimental observations.
Scientific models are metaphors for the physical universe.
Scientific models are models.
Scientific models are used as a basis for scientific work .
Scientific models are used as a basis for scientific work.
Scientific models make it easier to understand cells.
Scientific monitoring is a way of involving students in a scientific research project.
Scientific morality is based on the pragmatic, relative plurality of sensual hedonism.
Scientific myths are a dozen a penny.
Scientific name is a binomial.
Scientific name is Microcanthus strigatus .
Scientific name needs a little clarification.
Scientific names are always in Latin and often describe some attribute of the particular species.
Scientific names are formal names accepted by scientists around the world.
Scientific names are given in italics.
Scientific names are important for finding out what kind of care the spider needs.
Scientific names are important for many reasons.
Scientific names are in Latin or Greek.
Scientific names are in Latin.
Scientific names are just another language.
Scientific names are names.
Scientific names are often descriptive also, suggesting something about the animal.
Scientific names are often misleading.
Scientific names are the same worldwide.
Scientific names are to be italicized.
Scientific names are used all the time in the wood industry, just like seed catalogs do.
Scientific names are usually in Latin or Greek.
Scientific names consist of two parts, hence they are binomial.
Scientific names eliminate the confusion that can occur when using common names.
Scientific names Explains the use of common and scientific names of sharks.
Scientific names help scientists to study organisms, especially when working with other scientists.
Scientific names precede the subject terms.
All scientific names have a sort of ominous sound.
Many scientific names appear quite formidable at first glance.
Most scientific names are based on descriptive terminology.
Some scientific names are actually mistakes.
Scientific naturalism can give only trivial answers to the latter question.
Scientific naturalists say that anything natural is normal.
Scientific nomenclature is a very important issue.
Scientific notation allows very large or very small numbers to be written in a more convenient form.
Scientific notation allows writing big and small numbers with only a few symbols.
Scientific notation Be sure to choose an appropriate scale.
Scientific Notation Explains how scientific notation is used to manipulate very large numbers.
Scientific notation is a shorthand for writing very small and very large numbers.
Scientific notation is easy.
Scientific notation is optional for the area values.
Scientific notation is presented in two sections, one for large numbers and one for small.
Scientific notation is the standard mantissa E exponent form used in most languages.
Scientific notation is used in different contexts to express extremely large and very small numbers.
Scientific notation is used in more operations and with real-life problems.
Scientific notation is used to track the decimal point in more formal calculations .
Scientific notation is used to track the decimal point in more formal calculations.
Scientific notation is used.
Scientific Notation makes adding, subtracting, multiplying and dividing numbers much simpler.
Scientific notation makes it easy to express how precisely a number is known.
Scientific notation removes the ambiguities caused by place-holding zeroes.
Scientific notation represents numbers as a base number and an exponent.
Scientific notation takes the form , and the rule is quite simple.
Scientific notation works as input.
Scientific notation works on the basis of exponents.
Scientific novelty is in accepted stress function for the solution of a problem.
Scientific objectivity exposes mystification.
Scientific observation takes time.
Scientific observations are to the contrary.
Scientific observations indicate that the student builds confidence through achievement.
Scientific observations show no human-induced global warming.
All scientific observations are subject to errors.
Scientific opinion is divided about the biological nature of the agent that causes SEs.
Scientific opinion is divided on the biological limits of human life.
Scientific opinion is divided, except over the obvious danger of driving while talking or dialing.
Scientific opinion is divided.
Scientific opinion remains divided over whether the threat is real.
Scientific opinion supports positions.
Scientific opinion supports prefer positions.
Scientific opinions contained in news stories paint a bleak future.
Scientific opinions regarding the extent of the universe vary widely.
Most scientific opinion supports positions.
Most scientific opinion supports prefer positions.
Scientific opportunity is too great to have research be anything less than a national priority.
Some scientific organizations encourage adults.
Some scientific organizations encourage healthy adults.
Scientific packages are also available.
Scientific pantheism reveres the universe as the only real divinity.
Scientific pantheism starts from the unquestionable existence of the external physical world.
Scientific paper is a visible representation of scientific understanding.
Scientific papers are of course peer reviewed .
Scientific papers can be a good source of data for analysis.
Scientific papers follow a rigid format which is extremely helpful to both writer and reader.
Scientific papers make uses of equations, tables, and graphs, whenever possible.
Scientific papers require an abstract.
All scientific papers submitted for publication go through an extensive peer-review process.
Most scientific papers contain suggestions for other scientists to follow up.
Some scientific paper describes experiments.
Some scientific paper describes results.
Some scientific paper illustrates samples.
Scientific photographers do illustrations for scientific publications.
Scientific position require some previous experience.
Scientific positions require some previous lab experience.
Scientific potential accumulated is the property of Russian society.
Scientific prayer is self-empowerment.
Scientific prayer unites our inner and outer prayers.
Scientific presentation makes for any one possible to criticise and take a reasonable stand.
Scientific principles are formulae of regulation.
Scientific principles underlie all scientific inquiry.
Scientific problems are often irregular, large and computationally intensive.
Some scientific procedures require evidence.
Scientific process involves inquiry, problem solving, and decision making.
Scientific process is about discovering truth.
Scientific process is used to interpret observations that shape our perceptions of the cosmos.
Scientific processes provide a logical method for problem solving, which requires critical thinking.
Scientific productivity depends on public investment.
Scientific productivity is low, mediocrity is a way of life and the bureaucracy is frightening.
Scientific programs focus on biological and physical sciences, space physics, medical studies.
Most scientific programs involve large amounts of data that the programmer is called upon to manage.
Scientific Programming is part of the interdisciplinary field of computational science.
Scientific progress begins, philosophy thrives.
Scientific progress continues to crop up in unexpected and previously stagnant research areas.
Scientific progress continues.
Scientific progress depends mainly on the scientist.
Scientific progress depends on knowledge being shared.
Scientific progress depends on the free and open exchange of ideas.
Scientific progress is impossible where evolution is believed or espoused.
Scientific progress is made by asking meaningful questions and conducting careful investigations .
Scientific progress is made by asking meaningful questions and conducting careful investigations.
Scientific progress is most rapid in the spheres of electronics and computers.
Scientific progress occurs by revolutions and paradigm shifts on all scales.
Scientific progress requires improved facilities.
Scientific progress requires the construction of quantitative models of the systems under study.
All scientific progress is critically dependent upon dissemination of results.
Many scientific projects require complex software.
Scientific promise is alive and well in the United States.
Scientific psychologists study behaviors through use of research methods including experiments.
Scientific psychology has historical roots in both mental philosophy and physiology.
Scientific publication is currently in progress.
Scientific publications have other suggestions.
Scientific publications have suggestions.
Any scientific publication requires the authors to present the data that enabled the conclusions.
Most scientific publications have other suggestions.
Most scientific publications have suggestions.
Many scientific questions relating to the epidemic in the region remain unanswered.
Scientific racism is a fact.
Scientific racism is a live issue today.
Scientific rationalism gives intellectual preference to scientific language.
Scientific rationality is subjective.
Most scientific realists accept inference to the best explanation.
Scientific reality is the same for all.
Scientific reason is suitable only to what is governed by laws that are universal.
Scientific relevance is a primary metric of success.
Scientific reports are never solo performances.
Scientific reports describe scientific discoveries.
All scientific reports follow the same basic format.
Scientific research affects every aspect of our lives, from industry to agriculture and health care.
Scientific research anticipates and reacts to practical problems.
Scientific research attempts to identify and describe causal relationships.
Scientific research can be really frustrating.
Scientific research can often seem obscure and even pointless to outsiders.
Scientific research confirms the correlation between hunger and academic performance.
Scientific research consists of a vast number of contributions throughout documented history.
Scientific research continues to enlarge our understanding of why acupuncture works.
Scientific research continues to explore the way and why of how whales communicate.
Scientific research continues, so there is hope for increasingly effective treatment and cure.
Scientific research depends on census data.
Scientific research depends on effective communication among laboratory workers.
Scientific research focuses on the pathophysiology and treatment of psychiatric disorders.
Scientific research focuses on the role of the brain as the sole location and controller of memory.
Scientific research forms a considerable part of the laboratory's work.
Scientific research has prolonged life with the developments of antibiotics and transplants.
Scientific research includes both basic research and applied research.
Scientific research includes imagery, sampling, and analysis.
Scientific research indicates that antioxidants are essential to our health and longevity.
Scientific research indicates that calcium deficiency is a major cause of osteoporosis.
Scientific research involves validating theoretical models and modifying theories.
Scientific research is a collaborative activity, even among bitter competitors.
Scientific research is a complicated, lengthy process.
Scientific research is a group activity.
Scientific research is a human activity, too human maybe.
Scientific research is a human endeavor and is usually just a part of a path of discovery.
Scientific research is a key to discovering new methods, techniques, and procedures.
Scientific research is a process of building one discovery on top of another, in a search for truth.
Scientific research is a process of continuously emerging data.
Scientific research is a systematic way of gathering data and harnessing curiosity .
Scientific research is a top priority and strengthens the quality and reputation of our institution.
Scientific research is accorded the closest scrutiny.
Scientific research is an expensive enterprise.
Scientific research is an important component of geothermal development.
Scientific research is an important part of our lives.
Scientific research is an investment in the future.
Scientific research is an ongoing process.
Scientific research is another field that can benefit from transparency.
Scientific research is based on using mice, monkeys, rats, cats and dogs etc.
Scientific research is by nature somewhat unpredictable.
Scientific research is costly and time-consuming.
Scientific research is crucial to our understanding and protection of sharks from over exploitation.
Scientific research is dependent on timely information.
Scientific research is essential to advance knowledge of all aspects of childhood disease.
Scientific research is essential to the process.
Scientific research is essential to the solution of technical problems in chiropractic.
Scientific research is framed once again within blatantly sexist parameters.
Scientific research is hard work.
Scientific research is heavily biased towards making our lives easier and healthier.
Scientific research is imperative in finding solutions devoid of the earlier mishaps.
Scientific research is in the area of retinal blood vessel growth.
Scientific research is in.
Scientific research is limited, with only a few studies undertaken on teen involvement.
Scientific research is more than just data collection and analyses.
Scientific research is on the cutting edge.
Scientific research is orderly and dispassionate.
Scientific research is predictive.
Scientific research is quite complicated.
Scientific research is research
Scientific research is research.
Scientific research is sometimes difficult and frustrating.
Scientific research is systematic and cumulative.
Scientific research is the foundation of any technology industry.
Scientific research is the foundation of the educational programs, exhibits and publications.
Scientific research is the seed corn of tomorrow's information and weapons systems.
Scientific research is underway in several fields important to tropical and developing countries.
Scientific research is underway into the possible use of Boswellia species in cancer treatment.
Scientific research is vital, as the inquiry points out.
Scientific research looks to verify relationships.
Scientific research makes it possible for farmers to use fewer herbicides to keep plants bug-free.
Scientific research offers many other satisfactions in addition to the exhilaration of discovery.
Scientific research plays a fundamental role in developing the seaweed industry.
Scientific research plays a profound role throughout our society.
Scientific research predicts world-wide risks.
Scientific research predicts worldwide risks.
Scientific research progresses by revisiting the discoveries of others.
Scientific research proves that kids are down with the goofy-foot type treatment thing.
Scientific research proves that th is indeed the case.
Scientific research provides a technical base of information necessary for decision making.
Scientific research remains an appropriate, creative human endeavor.
Scientific research requires a long preparation.
Scientific research requires certain basic beliefs about order and rationality.
Scientific research requires dedication and typically long hours in the lab.
Scientific research seeks to test hypotheses or answer research questions.
Scientific research sheds some light on the subject and there are some areas of agreement .
Scientific research shows permanent results.
Scientific research shows that an active mind can prevent senility.
Scientific research shows that castration inflicts severe pain on lambs.
Scientific research shows that chives stimulate the body's digestion of fat.
Scientific research shows that diet is definitely related to chronic and degenerative diseases.
Scientific research shows that flavored beverages stimulate more fluid intake than plain water.
Scientific research shows that goldfish have a better memory in cold water than in warm water.
Scientific research shows that interacting with dolphins can reduce stress and increase relaxation.
Scientific research shows that rodents are uniquely sensitive to phthalate esters.
Scientific research shows that severing both carotids is essential to produce a rapid death.
Scientific research shows that soy can reduce both the frequency and intensity of hot flashes.
Scientific research shows that soy isoflavones increase bone density in post-menopausal women.
Scientific research shows that unquestioning cooperation invites exploitation.
Scientific research speaks for itself.
Scientific research supports claim that there is little to choose between mass-produced ice creams .
Scientific research tends to languish.
Scientific research uses hypotheses based on ideas or earlier knowledge.
Scientific research validates the benefits of the arts.
Scientific researches indicate that the primitive man inhabited the cave.
All scientific research is bounded by the five senses.
More scientific research is imperative.
More scientific research is needed to thoroughly assess the productivity of the different breeds.
More scientific research is required before definitive conclusions can be made.
Most scientific research is funded by taxpayers.
Most scientific research is now a team effort.
Much scientific research is needed as there are many technological challenges to overcome.
Some scientific research indicates that stevia normalizes blood sugar levels.
Scientific researchers play a more important role in industry and in human welfare than ever before.
Scientific results touch upon issues that have religious and other implications.
Every scientific result needs independent confirmation and cross-checking.
Scientific revolutions provide the basis for conceptual and technical revelations.
Most scientific revolutions result from breakthrough efforts of lone individuals.
Scientific rigor is, of course, an absolute requirement for presenting experimental results.
Scientific satellites carry a variety of instruments around the world.
Scientific scenery is hilarious, silly advertising of psychotherapy.
Most scientific scholars are Chinese.
Scientific scholarship is much appreciated, even revered, in Jewish culture.
Some scientific sections are more difficult in vocabulary and density.
Scientific sessions are generally an hour and a half long.
Scientific sessions begin tomorrow.
Many scientific simulations require the solution of a linear or nonlinear set of equations.
Many scientific skeptics say there is no pattern in life.
Scientific skepticism is good.
Scientific societies are small-scale versions of the publishing giants.
Scientific societies do very different things, often operating independently and in isolation.
Every scientific society has members doing innovative and far-reaching activities.
Most scientific societies offer student memberships at substantially reduced rates.
Scientific sophistications create footbridges of access to bodily significants.
Scientific specialties are metallurgy, molecular chemistry, electrical engineering.
Some scientific species correspond to more than one folk taxon.
Scientific staff are available to give technical presentations to professionals and the public.
Scientific staff consists of engineers, chemists, meteorologists, and physicists.
Many scientific steps lie between the discovery of a gene and a new treatment.
Scientific studies abound establishing the link of testosterone to criminality.
Scientific studies are complete.
Scientific studies are necessary to establish safety, efficacy and tolerability.
Scientific studies are one thing.
Scientific studies are underway on the possible radiation risks.
Scientific studies begin after penetration.
Scientific studies can provide data to people who make decisions.
Scientific studies can take years to complete.
Scientific studies confirm many of yoga's benefits.
Scientific studies continue to link pesticide use with bee kills and poor colony health.
Scientific studies continue.
Scientific studies do show stress, and they show recovery.
Scientific studies have yet to confirm claims.
Scientific studies including test groups and control groups are more useful.
Scientific studies lend some weight to the group's claims.
Scientific studies link fluoride to learning disabilities and coordination problems.
Scientific studies question reliability of MOST rapid tests.
Scientific studies reach many different conclusions based on what people are studied and how.
Scientific studies say asphalt workers have a high risk of some cancers, such as lung cancer.
Scientific studies seem to indicate that ginger has value as a preventive of motion sickness.
Scientific studies seem to substantiate claimed results.
Scientific studies show chlorella supports immune system health.
Scientific studies show no ill effects of multiple vaccines on the normal immune system.
Scientific studies show some medical benefits of circumcision.
Scientific studies show spirulina supports immune system health.
Scientific studies show that a variety of human activities release greenhouse gases.
Scientific studies show that certain bodily changes occur during meditation.
Scientific studies show that deer antler is useful for anemia.
Scientific studies show that diosgenin found in wild yam has an anti-inflammatory effect in animals.
Scientific studies show that eating fish just once a week reduces the risk of heart attack.
Scientific studies show that enjoyment both promotes and protects good health.
Scientific studies show that fear and anxiety, as well as pain, reduce flexibility.
Scientific studies show that formulas are more effective in the treatment of illness.
Scientific studies show that too little Vitamin A during pregnancy can result in miscarriage.
Scientific studies show there is no link between abortion and higher rates of breast cancer.
Scientific studies suggest otherwise.
Scientific studies suggest that singing can have positive effects on people's health.
Scientific studies testify to the efficacy of faithbased efforts.
Scientific studies testify to the efficacy of faith-based efforts.
Scientific study is needed to define system boundaries and describe a system's functions.
Scientific study means using the scientific method, which is discussed below.
Scientific study shows that search engines index only a small portion of the Web.
All scientific studies come with a set of limitations as a matter of good scientific method.
All scientific study is performed under philosophical assumptions.
Every scientific study concludes that parents who bring their babies to bed sleep longer and better.
Many scientific studies appear to find links between the brain and what the 'mind' produces.
Many scientific studies back the positive claims concerning creatine.
Many scientific studies confirm, people have depleted the earth's natural resources.
Many scientific studies offer information regarding the learning of and application of movement.
More scientific study is needed before a decision can be made, the group says.
More scientific study is needed so informed decisions concerning the lake's future can be made.
Most scientific studies focus on understanding individual symptoms for a limited period of time.
Most scientific studies show no such link.
Scientific subjects are popular among postmodern literary types, who often get the details wrong.
Scientific subjects range from conchology to electromagnetism.
Scientific support continues through the present day.
Scientific support is the hallmark of Western medicine.
Scientific surveys give broadly applicable results.
Scientific tales tend to promote an interest in the way the universe works.
Scientific talks are open only to registered participants.
Scientific targets range from the inner ear and the nervous system to the stars.
Scientific teams conduct research there on global security, global ecology, and biological science.
Scientific techniques can help eliminate our exposure to illnesses.
Scientific techniques measure clean air progress.
Many scientific terms have ties to the names of scientists.
Scientific terminology is clarified.
Scientific terminology is defined in the text for lay readers.
Scientific terminology is highlighted and defined throughout the text.
Scientific terminology is stressed.
Scientific terminology is used with explanation and supporting details are rich and vivid.
Scientific terminology tends to reflect such an opinion.
Scientific tests reveal that there is a good deal more to the phenomenon than emotions.
Scientific tests suggest otherwise.
Scientific testing is important, but the test that really counts is the test of time.
Scientific texts join poetry written for the installation.
Scientific textbooks are often disposable after only a few years.
A scientific theory is a theory
Scientific theories are a more reliable source of knowledge than religious ones.
Scientific theories are also an enemy of religion.
Scientific theories are approximately true.
Scientific theories are empirically successful.
Scientific theories are historical entities.
Scientific theories are memes, but so are popular songs and spectator sports.
Scientific theories are mental constructs that have objective reality as their content.
Scientific theories are ones which are open to disproof .
Scientific theories are part of science.
Scientific theories are revised as new facts come to light.
Scientific theories are theories.
Scientific theories are validated by empirical testing against physical observations.
Scientific theories are valuable only if they are testable.
Scientific theories arise and are thrown out all the time.
Scientific theories attempt to understand the world of observation and sense experience.
Scientific theories can be amazing accomplishments.
Scientific theories can never provide a complete and definite description of reality.
Scientific theories explain how or why something is happening.
Scientific theories explain the unstable, irregular, yet structured features of everday experience.
Scientific theories explain the unstable, irregular, yet structured features of everyday experience.
Scientific theories gain acceptance.
Scientific theories have their place, but they're wrong when they contradict what the Bible says.
Scientific theories make predictions.
Scientific theories require empirical confirmation through observation and experiment.
Scientific theory is introduced without being boorish or cumbersome.
All scientific theories are mere fictions.
All scientific theories are subject to the same burden of proof.
All scientific theories draw upon observational evidence.
All scientific theories have a chance of being wrong.
All scientific theories have to be validated by experiments.
All scientific theories require measurement of the constructs underlying the field.
Any scientific theory is subject to revision based on new evidence.
Most scientific theories gain acceptance.
Most scientific theories make predictions.
Some scientific theories are used by biologists.
Scientific thinkers try to avoid unnecessary assumptions.
Scientific thought is relied on to decide what is right.
Scientific topics work well here.
Scientific truth is based on an experimental model.
Scientific truth is built upon logical observations of sense-data which are continually changing.
Scientific truth is dependent on the society in which it's born.
Scientific truth is rational.
Scientific truth represents the best that can be done at any moment.
Scientific truths are just very probably true, based on the empirical evidence.
Scientific truths transcends political, sociological, cultural, and linguistic factors.
Scientific uncertainties are still too great for any prediction of such trends to have validity.
Scientific uncertainty is a significant barrier.
Scientific uncertainty is acknowledged as well.
Scientific understanding based on the experimental method has a history of only three hundred years.
Scientific understanding can promote evaluation and decision making.
Scientific understanding is different.
Scientific understanding is enhanced by exchange of ideas.
Scientific understanding is self correcting based on the results of hypothesis testing.
Scientific understanding is strengthened when it is integrated with everyday knowledge.
Scientific understanding relates one fact to others.
Scientific understanding seems to take the mystery and wonder out of life.
Many scientific units are defined using water, since it is such a common and useful substance.
Scientific validation is a prerequisite for the eventual regulatory acceptance of new test methods.
Scientific validity is now the litmus test for admissibility of scientific evidence.
Scientific values are high- great opportunities for research.
Scientific vendors can build monster machines.
Scientific verification is revealed.
Scientific view adds a wealth of mathematical, statistic and boolean functions.
Scientific views are of secondary importance.
Scientific visualization is an important tool for environmental research.
Scientific visualization is the compute-intensive visualization performed to evaluate data.
Scientific visualization is used across all disciplines to interpret large, complex data sets.
Scientific visualization sparks innovation at the molecular level.
Scientific visualization uses computer graphics tools, but has a different aim.
Scientific words are composed of two written latin or greek words.
Scientific work can include historical, descriptive, empirical and experimental projects.
Scientific work consists to a substantial part of answering questions.
Scientific work is always painfully slow but it is always richly fruitful.
Scientific work is comparable with the work of a detective in solving a crime.
Scientific work ranges from molecular studies to field ecology and biomathematics.
Scientific works have the greatest fair use value.
All scientific work begins with having a question to ask .
All scientific work begins with having a question to ask.
All scientific work is liable to be upset or modified by advancing knowledge.
More scientific work is currently under way.
Some scientific work has a clear practical application.
Scientific writers write for other scientists, in research reports, or scientific journals.
Scientific writing has many different formats, depending on the discipline.
Scientific writing is a craft.
Scientific writing is a learned skill.
Scientific writing is brief, concise, and specific.
Scientific writing is clear, concise, and disciplined.
Scientific writing is dense, and needs leavening.
Scientific writing is formal communication.
Scientific writing is hard work.
Scientific writing is important and requires accuracy.
Scientific writing is often dry, wordy, and difficult to understand.
Scientific writing makes difficult reading.
Scientific writing requires clarity and succinctness.
Scientific writing requires the use of precise language.
Scientist positions are regular full-time positions with relocation and full benefits package.
A scientist is a person
Scientist agree that both are the way the evolution occurs.
Scientist are able to use technology to help determine that the continents are still moving.
Scientist are people too.
Scientist believe high levels of blood sugar gradually damage the nerves.
Scientist believe that a part of the human brains contains the ability to use mental powers.
Scientist believe that asteroids are pieces of the material that formed the solar system .
Scientist believe that higher biodiversity in an ecosystem provides better stability.
Scientist call the process of mating, laying eggs and raising chicks, breeding.
Scientist calls for calm over cloning.
Scientist can access, manipulate and combine query results from the different data sources.
Scientist come into the school during the day to describe what they do.
Scientist compare their physical structures as well as their chemical make up and processed.
Scientist continue finding new plants for medicinal purposes.
Scientist debate the possibilities of the existence of such a creature.
Scientist demolishes green lies on global warming and malaria.
Scientist determine what the body organs do then decide what they are indeed for.
Scientist discover ancient Egypt was ruled by an alien civilization.
Scientist do research every year.
Scientist estimate there are ten sextillion stars in the milkyway galaxy that can be seen.
Scientist examines a sediment core extracted from the ocean floor.
Scientist exposes global warming nonsense behind insurance hikes.
Scientist genetically modifies a fruit tree crop.
Scientist have tests they can do to see how old the bones of a dinosaur are.
Scientist invents a telescope and can look htrough the clouds to another planet.
Scientist isa individual.
Scientist isa person.
Scientist isa somebody.
Scientist isa someone.
Scientist make lots of money.
Scientist make their best contributions when the support farmers and build the farmers knowledge.
Scientist makes breakthrough and then misuses the new technology.
Scientist measure the swelling of a volcano before an eruption.
Scientist needs surrogate mothers up to fifty to get nine to ten pregnancies.
Scientist notes that aims are worthy, practices questionable.
Scientist now believe that a form of vanity is genetically hardwired in all human beings.
Scientist point out that the outer crust of the earth is extremely thin like the shell of an egg.
Scientist proposes to send spacecraft to the sun's corona.
Scientist refer to the lateral line as a system of distance touch.
Scientist rely on more on the structure than the function when classifying the living organisms.
Scientist say it is inevitable.
Scientist say it is to neutralize their bodies from the poisonous foods they eat.
Scientist say the Mississippi's present course is very young.
Scientist see a seasonal climate on Mars.
Scientist seeks the answer using genetics.
Scientist think that the fish can tell male from female by the lights.
Scientist think that Uranus was knocked out of place from a collision from another planet in space.
Scientist think there is a lot of potential for medical marijuana.
Scientist think they are most closely related to the mountain lion.
Scientist try to find an evolutionary link when identifying organisms.
Scientist urges more study prior to use by humans.
Scientist use boron to make glass.
Scientists abide by certain rules to identify and treat diseases.
Scientists accept conclusions.
Scientists accept descents.
Scientists accept the dominant paradigm until anomalies are thrown up.
Scientists account for factors.
Scientists achieve aims.
Scientists achieve immortality through their contributions to the knowledge base of the species.
Scientists add DNA to a plate of embryonic cells.
Scientists admit that all cloning experiments involve huge losses of animals.
Scientists admit that their weather models are still relatively crude.
Scientists agree media violence is directly linked to violent conduct.
Scientists agree on the important topics to be addressed.
Scientists agree that air pollution from human activities is partly responsible for global warming.
Scientists agree that all medical products, including vaccines, have risks.
Scientists agree that all naturally occurring elements have been found.
Scientists agree that ancestors of baleen whales probably had teeth.
Scientists agree that blocking an infection requires the production of powerful antibodies.
Scientists agree that dams devastate rivers.
Scientists agree that diversity is highly important in plants for disease resistance.
Scientists agree that estrogen therapy lowers women's risk of heart disease after menopause.
Scientists agree that exploding stars produced most of the materials found on earth.
Scientists agree that flax is a significant component in a healthy diet.
Scientists agree that logging has increased wildfire risk more than any other human activity.
Scientists agree that more research is urgently needed.
Scientists agree that no level of exposure to radiation is harmless.
Scientists agree that parrot is one of the most brilliant birds around the glob.
Scientists agree that people can get cancer through repeated long-term contact with carcinogens .
Scientists agree that people can get cancer through repeated long-term contact with carcinogens.
Scientists agree that photosynthesis originated in bacteria.
Scientists agree that that much alcohol impairs just about anybody.
Scientists agree that the bowhead whale has the longest lifespan of all marine mammals.
Scientists agree that the cause of their decline is multi-fold.
Scientists agree that the Earth is getting warmer.
Scientists agree that the Earth's core is composed primarily of iron.
Scientists agree that the palate is very adaptable.
Scientists agree that the risk of extinction is high.
Scientists agree that the universe is expanding.
Scientists agree that there is a significant data gap about the Arctic environment.
Scientists agree that there is no proven link between many insecticides and fatal human diseases.
Scientists agree that there is no safe level of exposure to second hand smoke.
Scientists agree that trachea are a later development in the evolutionary history of spiders.
Scientists agree that varying temperatures is what makes each flake unique.
Scientists agree that whales are actually highly specialized ungulates, or hoofed mammals.
Scientists Agree the Earth is Warming.
Scientists agree the process is safe in food.
Scientists agree there is much about the virus that is unpredictable.
Scientists agree with the Bible more today than in the past.
Scientists aim to discover new things, new ideas or ways of thinking.
Scientists aim to extend the perimeters of knowledge as far as they can go and then go farther.
Scientists aim to help out humankind by applying their knowledge to complex problems.
Scientists alone are powerless to save the reefs.
Scientists already have samples of asteroids known as meteorites.
Scientists already know about a few tricks the bats use to deter predators.
Scientists already know how to measure the speed of stars.
Scientists already know how to split an atom to produce energy.
Scientists already know that bacteria can live without light or oxygen.
Scientists already know that ion channels are complex, able to open and close in different ways.
Scientists already know that prolonged time in space causes the body to age.
Scientists already know that the neurotransmitter serotonin somehow regulates dopamine.
Scientists already know the structure of the insulin receptor.
Scientists already know ultraviolet exposure can lead to skin cancer and cataracts in humans.
Scientists also address the needs of manufacturers and users of emissions control catalysts.
Scientists also advocate a questioning attitude toward old theories.
Scientists also agree that a full term pregnancy helps protect a woman against breast cancer.
Scientists also analyze tillage and rotation schemes for agronomic crops.
Scientists also are close to finding several other glaucoma genes.
Scientists also are interested in learning how nature assembles substances on the nanoscale.
Scientists also are interested in the egg hunt.
Scientists also believe SA triggers plants' natural immune response to infection.
Scientists also believe that dreams help form and reinforce long-term memories.
Scientists also believe that living in shallow water was a preadaptation to living on land.
Scientists also believe that today's birds descended from dinosaurs.
Scientists also believe that tonic immobility can be a stressful experience for sharks.
Scientists also believe that viruses and bacteria can play a role in contracting the disease.
Scientists also call ionic bonds electrovalent bonds.
Scientists also can access and analyze key chemical, biological and genomic databases.
Scientists also can gain valuable data from behavior caught on film.
Scientists also can use it when meeting with students and members of the public.
Scientists also can visit the deepest parts of the ocean in special underwater craft.
Scientists also check for blood alcohol levels, carbon monoxide and zinc poisoning.
Scientists also cite population density and geography.
Scientists also consider the bear to be an indicator species.
Scientists also continue to work on a new drug from another new class, integrase inhibitors.
Scientists also control how much data is output, and how often.
Scientists also create products to detect disease organisms and to degrade pollutants.
Scientists also develop techniques for conducting molecular biological studies of how cocaine works.
Scientists also disagree over the origin of neurons.
Scientists also do experiments to answer their questions.
Scientists also evaluate the effectiveness of different disposal techniques.
Scientists also examine data on water temperature, salinity and dissolved oxygen.
Scientists also expect payoffs on Earth.
Scientists also expect to learn much about the universe by figuring out where neutrinos come from.
Scientists also find use for the word.
Scientists also get the opportunity to explain their research to a broader audience.
Scientists also give importance to beauty in constructing theories.
Scientists also grow crystals to determine a protein's structure through X-ray crystallography.
Scientists also have access to a variety of software, graphics libraries and programs.
Scientists also have chemical evidence of ice ages from sediments and sedimentary rock s.
Scientists also have decades of data to draw from when reaching their conclusions.
Scientists also help find cures for diseases.
Scientists also hope that they can develop better vaccines for other strains of the bacterium.
Scientists also hope to produce selectively modified pig clones in the next year.
Scientists also hope to use recombinant DNA technology to produce drugs other than insulin.
Scientists also imagine theories to explain what they observe.
Scientists also insist that the fig is from a botanical prospective, an inside out strawberry.
Scientists also know little about how chimps invent traditions.
Scientists also know that at least in mice, what mom eats can affect how a pup's DNA is methylated .
Scientists also know that cancer cells have abnormal methylation.
Scientists also know that migration plays a big part in the lives of most shark species.
Scientists also know that myosin is vital to daily cell maintenance in both flies and people.
Scientists also know that there are many more bacteria to study.
Scientists also know that therefore both pills can technically cause abortions.
Scientists also learn about processes that occur when a star explodes as a supernova.
Scientists also like to group fish into smaller and smaller groups.
Scientists also list four other kingdoms including bacteria, archaebacteria, fungi, and protozoa.
Scientists also make medicine using microorganisms to fight other microorganisms.
Scientists also measure plant height, weight, growth rate, mortality, and seed production.
Scientists also measure radon in soil air.
Scientists also note that biodiversity supports our health care system.
Scientists also observe a connection to better performance in math and logic skills.
Scientists also plan to conduct subcritical tests in the Nevada desert.
Scientists also plan to study how climate patterns couple.
Scientists also plan to use the parasite code to understand cancer biology.
Scientists also play a big part in finding cures.
Scientists also play an important role in civic life when they interact with the press.
Scientists also ponder the idea of cloning endangered species to increase their population.
Scientists also rear insects in laboratories to study insects closely in different situations.
Scientists also recognize a phenomenon known as the A ion effect paradox.
Scientists also reject the so-called science claimed to back up the creationist views.
Scientists also report an environment stifled by fear of gun advocates.
Scientists also reveal the reasons for the pain of withdrawal.
Scientists also say a bird is a direct descendant of a lizard.
Scientists also say a person's retina can change with age, while an iris remains intact.
Scientists also say it stimulates metabolism by aiding the body's thermogenic process.
Scientists also say that global warming has accelerated the formation of glacial lakes.
Scientists also say that potatoes contain an enzyme that serves as a natural anti-depressant.
Scientists also say they have found a type of salmon which can only live in almost-pure water.
Scientists also see promise in a naturally occurring fungus that kills the caterpillars.
Scientists also see signs of climate-induced changes in forests.
Scientists also study ecology at the population level .
Scientists also study how to defend satellites against laser and jamming attacks from the surface.
Scientists also study living animals that resemble dinosaurs in some ways.
Scientists also study rocks to learn about the history of the natural world.
Scientists also take advantage of natural clocks found in some mineral specimens.
Scientists also take weekly samples for chemical analysis.
Scientists also think some illnesses can cause depression.
Scientists also think that some illnesses themselves can bring about depression.
Scientists also think that there are links between the different 'civilizations'.
Scientists also think the hot air makes air pollution worse and slows down plant growth.
Scientists also think the lights and the creatures enormous eyes allow it to see.
Scientists also treasure the unspoiled environment.
Scientists also try to use operational definitions of their measurements.
Scientists also use aerosol distributions to trace atmospheric pollution.
Scientists also use cloning to test how identical cells react to different substances.
Scientists also use induction to generalize from their observations to theoretical constructs.
Scientists also use intense, narrow beams of X rays generated by devices called synchrotrons.
Scientists also use seismographs in exploring for minerals and petroleum.
Scientists also use synchrotron light in many other ways .
Scientists also use synchrotron light in many other ways.
Scientists also use synthetic compounds to mimic the action of the naturally occurring hormones.
Scientists also use the library to meet and work together.
Scientists also use tracking dogs to find their exact location.
Scientists also view video monitors and decide when to sample and take bottom photos.
Scientists also warn about the unknown health implications to humans.
Scientists also worry about evidence for their theories.
Scientists also worry about the impact of manipulating genes on the gene pool.
Scientists alter liver gene in rats.
Scientists analyse the results in laboratories on the ship.
Scientists analyze and measure structures observed in the core.
Scientists analyze bear hair follicles using six markers to determine species, sex, and individuals.
Scientists analyze government policy.
Scientists analyze HOW biochemical and structural features are involved in producing color.
Scientists analyze how fast sponges breathe and the amount of nitrogen they release while doing so.
Scientists analyze information gathered through research to solve problems in the natural world.
Scientists analyze policy.
Scientists analyze roles.
Scientists analyze specific warning signs in order to make earthquake predictions.
Scientists analyze the DNA from extinct tortoises .
Scientists analyze tick saliva for possible medical benefits for humans.
Scientists analyze trials.
Scientists analyzing their experimental data are also cautious.
Scientists announce discoveries.
Scientists announce findings that smoking can cause cancer.
Scientists announce some initial findings.
Scientists announce that they have created a form of synthetic life.
Scientists announce they have fused human cells with cow's eggs and created a hybrid cell.
Scientists answer questions and help provide contextualization.
Scientists answer students' questions.
Scientists anticipate a terrain with a consistency of coffee grounds, though frozen.
Scientists anticipate having to spend many months analyzing all the earthquake data.
Scientists appear to be a step closer toward the development of an artificial pancreas.
Scientists appear to regard the print and on-line versions as complementary.
Scientists apply knowledge.
Scientists apply the term dolphin to two families of cetaceans, marine dolphins and river dolphins.
Scientists apprentice themselves in the laboratories of senior scientists, and artists do the same.
Scientists approach a problem by asking questions.
Scientists are a bit like gold miners, the gold they seek being nuggets of new knowledge.
Scientists are a breed unto themselves.
Scientists are a combination of warrior and wizard.
Scientists are a demanding lot, a skeptical lot, a rigorous lot.
Scientists are a lot like cavers.
Scientists are a much harder sell.
Scientists are a notoriously conservative and skeptical group of people.
Scientists are a step closer to understanding carbon flows between ocean and atmosphere.
Scientists are a weird lot, and they do some strange stuff in the name of science.
Scientists are able to access very exciting information through fluorescence microscopy imaging.
Scientists are able to check filter feeding bivalves and monitor the quality of the water.
Scientists are able to determine or estimate age by tracking birds that have been banded.
Scientists are able to easily transmit and share data to others.
Scientists are able to link mutations and disease states to specific sites on chromosomes.
Scientists are able to obtain it when babies are born by Caesarian section.
Scientists are able to question which other structures are similar to the type they are studying.
Scientists are able to see detail that was previously indiscernible.
Scientists are able to see how much stress is presently on a given area of rock.
Scientists are able to study and learn more about the creatures living in the zoo, and in the wild.
Scientists are able to trace the toxin from species to species and from generation to generation.
Scientists are able to turn corn into a polymer that can be molded into plastic forms or fiber.
Scientists are about to make a breakthrough with a whole new class of arthritis drugs.
Scientists are accustomed to lack of knowledge.
Scientists are addicted puzzle-solvers.
Scientists are agreed as to the fact of evolution, but there are dis- agreements as to the process.
Scientists are alarmed.
Scientists are already at work mapping the banana's genome.
Scientists are already concerned about the possible health risks for children.
Scientists are already recording change.
Scientists are already wary of that one.
Scientists are also available to provide in-school presentations on a variety of topics.
Scientists are also concerned about the medical risks and uncertainty associated with human cloning.
Scientists are also concerned about the potential depletion of the illex squid.
Scientists are also divided.
Scientists are also field testing grazing strategies to ease bloat.
Scientists are also interested in factors causing clinical disease.
Scientists are also nearer to uncovering the techniques that Pollock used.
Scientists are also unsure about what the songs mean.
Scientists are also very curious to see whether Europa, of all the moons of Jupiter, has any air .
Scientists are also worried about ozone depletion in the Northern Hemisphere.
Scientists are always at work to satisfy other needs.
Scientists are always conservative, too.
Scientists are amateurs in arrogance.
Scientists are amazed that the universe contains matter at all.
Scientists are an important part of modern science.
Scientists are an integral part of the district's science program.
Scientists are an unsung part of the workforce.
Scientists are another group that's constantly meddling.
Scientists are apt to present any form of change as evolution.
Scientists are arrogant .
Scientists are as baffled as a sushi chef at a vegan party.
Scientists are as complicated as anyone else, and misunderstandings are common.
Scientists are as fascinated by Martian meteorites as they are by the planet Mars.
Scientists are as well working with bacteria and fungi to assist breakdown garbage.
Scientists are as well working with microbes to improve the environment.
Scientists are at a loss as to the source of the fragment's mysterious unearthly glow.
Scientists are at a loss to explain the deaths, although there are several possible causes.
Scientists are at the stage of programming DNA to perform computations in cells.
Scientists are at work on techniques to make food more healthful, longer lasting and better tasting.
Scientists are aware that chemicals create free radicals that cause cancer.
Scientists are aware that dopamine is involved in both addiction and reward stimulus in the brain.
Scientists are aware that using cotrimoxazole in Africa is only a medium-term solution.
Scientists are baffled, and testing all sort of theories.
Scientists are baffled, historians uncertain, and theologians, as usual, are clueless.
Scientists are bands.
Scientists are basically parasites or dependent people.
Scientists are both users and producers of databases.
Scientists are both very busy and put off by the appearance of much of ufology.
Scientists are busy at work trying to change that given fact.
Scientists are busy trying to figure why.
Scientists are by ambition, love, fear, and greed, just as bankers and ball players are.
Scientists are by no means in agreement about why and when adaptive change occurs.
Scientists are capable of experiments.
Scientists are capable of research.
Scientists are certain human activity is the root of the cause.
Scientists are certain that all right whale calves that are born are born here.
Scientists are certain that the universe is made up mostly of a mysterious, undetected substance.
Scientists are citizens too.
Scientists are closer to establishing a definitive bacterial cause for the skin condition rosacea.
Scientists are committed to the scientific method as a way of making sense of nature.
Scientists are concerned about a new predator invading Florida.
Scientists are concerned about children's exposures through food and through the environment.
Scientists are concerned about the future of the lynx, fisher, wolverine and marten.
Scientists are concerned about the latency of the data ranging from hours and minutes to seconds.
Scientists are concerned about the long-term effects of marijuana on the unborn child.
Scientists are concerned about the possible effects of the new strains here on Earth.
Scientists are concerned about why many of our frog populations are disappearing.
Scientists are concerned over several potential positive feedback mechanisms.
Scientists are concerned that bats are waning in number and in diversity of species.
Scientists are concerned that global warming is causing serious climate change.
Scientists are concerned that if the mussels c.
Scientists are concerned that many ecosystems are becoming unstable.
Scientists are concerned that the mussels E .
Scientists are concerned when the mussels b.
Scientists are concerned where in the mussels D .
Scientists are concerned wherein the mussels d.
Scientists are concerned with the acquisition and interpretation of new data.
Scientists are concerned, and are calling for stiffer controls.
Scientists are concerned, however, that they seem to be becoming more common.
Scientists are confident that genetically engineered foods are safe.
Scientists are confident they'll soon manipulate the body's chemistry to stave off old age.
Scientists are constantly at work to find ways to improve our environment.
Scientists are constantly on the lookout for flaws in their experimental design.
Scientists are convinced that laughter has both preventive and therapeutic value.
Scientists are curious.
Scientists are discoverers, methodically searching for truths of the natural world.
Scientists are discoverers.
Scientists are divided on what triggers the buildup.
Scientists are eager to find out.
Scientists are eager to learn how they have defied extinction for so long.
Scientists are eager to learn the nature of the genes that are unique to archaea.
Scientists are eager to see how the two compare.
Scientists are eager to study the entire moon's dusty crust.
Scientists are eager to tell the public what it's like on the frontier.
Scientists are easy targets.
Scientists are efficient Three scientists met at a convention, and decided to tell jokes.
Scientists are enthusiastic about the initial results.
Scientists are equally amazed at how arbitrary and utilitarian are the foundations of the law.
Scientists are equivocal.
Scientists are especially disappointed to lose imaging from the closest planned flyby of Io.
Scientists are especially ecstatic over the stones quick recovery and handling by the discoverer.
Scientists are especially excited about the phenols' cancer-fighting properties.
Scientists are especially interested in the number of fish that live within limited areas.
Scientists are eternal students.
Scientists are even able to identify microscopic crystals using the principles of crystallography.
Scientists are even more concerned about exotic weeds that are starting to sweep into the area.
Scientists are every day discovering fascinating facts about nature and adaptation.
Scientists are everywhere too.
Scientists are explore methods.
Scientists are explore possibility.
Scientists are extremely pleased by what the probe has discovered.
Scientists are fairly certain what contributes to asthma susceptibility.
Scientists are fallible, sinful human beings, just like everyone else.
Scientists are fortunate because they can sometimes use special tools to enhance their senses.
Scientists are free to make choice of their activities, of research team, of contractor or sponsor.
Scientists are generally better at preparing students who want to become scientists.
Scientists are generally curious about their surroundings.
Scientists are generally quite confident about two things.
Scientists are generally somewhat like lawyers.
Scientists are generally very happy to suggest reading in their area.
Scientists are good at collecting data.
Scientists are good at seeing the individual trees in the forest.
Scientists are great at shooting the messenger.
Scientists are great conceptual thinkers but they are often weak in project management skills.
Scientists are great practical jokers.
Scientists are great speculators.
Scientists are great toy-makers.
Scientists are happy to see it quantified.
Scientists are hard at work trying to firm up their data.
Scientists are helpings plants defend themselves against insects without using pesticides.
Scientists are hesitant to release their data to the public for several reasons.
Scientists are hopeful that the die-off is over.
Scientists are hopelessly wrong in trying to counter the mad viewpoint of creationism by reason.
Scientists are human agents in a field of material agency.
Scientists are human and prone to be swayed by personal convictions.
Scientists are human, and they are as entitled as anyone to revile cruelty and abhor suffering.
Scientists are human, and thus vulnerable to all the usual temptations which flesh is heir to.
Scientists are human.
Scientists Are Human.
Scientists are humans.
Scientists are hypothetical people.
Scientists are in a position to define what is possible.
Scientists are in a race against time.
Scientists are in agreement that global warming is a serious problem.
Scientists are in disagreement over the origins of the red wolf.
Scientists are in the business of solving mysteries.
Scientists are in the process of determining how they react with the human body.
Scientists are in the process of redesigning the human body and what it means to be human.
Scientists are incapable of placing appearance above function.
Scientists are increasingly interested in creating synthetic materials found in nature.
Scientists are interested in cloning because it has immense scientific and medical potential.
Scientists are interested in discovering laws which can then be used to predict events.
Scientists are interested in fluids for a variety of reasons.
Scientists are interested in studying asteroids such as Eros because they are so old.
Scientists are interested in the changes of the signature when a normal cell becomes a cancer cell.
Scientists are interested in what is true.
Scientists are interested in where gases and liquids flow and at what rate of speed.
Scientists are interested particularly in why and how crystals begin formation.
Scientists are just as capable of self delusion as other human beings.
Scientists are just as intrigued by the wildlife that existed.
Scientists are just as much fallen, fallible, 'desperately wicked' as anyone else.
Scientists are just people.
Scientists are just regular people who are curious about the world and life and how they work.
Scientists are keen to develop more efficient and cheaper alternatives sources of energy.
Scientists are knowledge seekers, always searching out why things happen.
Scientists are largely responsible for the huge quantity and rapid pace of social change.
Scientists are learners, too.
Scientists are less certain.
Scientists are less-likely to search for supernatural explanation than the general population.
Scientists are like atomic nuclei.
Scientists are like detectives, exploring mysteries to find possible answers.
Scientists are located in chemistry labs.
Scientists are located in laboratories.
Scientists are mad speculators already.
Scientists are magazines.
Scientists are men with no families who sleep on cots in the corner of the lab.
Scientists are more cautious.
Scientists are more certain about radon risks than risks from most other cancer-causing substances.
Scientists are more likely to be atheists than the rest of the general population .
Scientists are more likely to be atheists than the rest of the general population.
Scientists are most concerned about the effects of chemicals and other pollutants on communities.
Scientists are most interested in mutations that result in or lead to disease.
Scientists are mostly concerned with the permanence of biodiversity loss.
Scientists are no more willing to endanger the world, or themselves, than anyone else is.
Scientists are none too happy about their findings being misconstrued for the public.
Scientists are notorious gossips.
Scientists are now able to alter the genetic make-up of plants and animals that people eat.
Scientists are now able to coordinate a common timeline using events on land and in the ocean.
Scientists are now able to design and breed mice lacking a specific gene.
Scientists are now able to make protein from chemicals.
Scientists are now able to study single genes.
Scientists are now at the stage of programming DNA to perform computations in cells.
Scientists are now clearly a support function to management, and overhead in general.
Scientists are now more ready to discuss public aspects of science.
Scientists are now worried that the remaining seeds are close to their limit of viability.
Scientists are obscure and unapproachable.
Scientists are obviously confused about the issue.
Scientists are often delighted to find a cure for a dreaded human disease in a lowly mite.
Scientists are often reluctant to speak out because new data is constantly streaming in.
Scientists are often unable to engage the policy community effectively.
Scientists are on scene, conducting necropsies, or animal autopsies, and analyzing tissue.
Scientists are on the track of drugs that block allergic reactions to poison ivy.
Scientists are on the verge of having the ability to create new life from scratch.
Scientists are on the verge of manipulating atoms and molecules with the same precision as biology.
Scientists are on their way to the remote volcano.
Scientists are on track to rebuild hearts damaged by a heart attack.
Scientists are once more speculating on the causes of homosexuality.
Scientists are open to new possibilities.
Scientists are open-minded.
Scientists are ordinary people with varying degrees of physical ability.
Scientists are out there sequencing whole organisms.
Scientists are particularly concerned about the possible theft of smallpox virus samples.
Scientists are particularly interested in experimental control and evidence.
Scientists are particularly interested in exploring the geology of Venus.
Scientists are particularly interested in proteins associated with diseases.
Scientists are particularly interested in the pig as an organ donor.
Scientists are particularly objective.
Scientists are particularly worried about the toxic materials that are trapped by sediments.
Scientists are people and people make mistakes.
Scientists are people Scientists strive to discover objective explanations about the real world.
Scientists are people who do science.
Scientists are people who help put together spaceships.
Scientists are people who make judgements based on what they see and as a result of tests conducted.
Scientists are people who notice details.
Scientists are people who use scientific principle to answer questions.
Scientists are people.
Scientists are pretty goal-oriented.
Scientists are pretty much the same.
Scientists are pretty sure our emissions of greenhouse gases are changing the global climate.
Scientists are products of their culture.
Scientists are prone to speculation and hypothesis that many take for fact.
Scientists are quick to point out that marsh losses occurs even without nutria.
Scientists are quickly unravel ling the secrets of human genes.
Scientists are real people, too, and so are their dogs.
Scientists are real people.
Scientists are recorders.
Scientists are reluctant to attribute Britain's current weather problems to global warming.
Scientists are reluctant to predict the eventual toll.
Scientists are reluctant to say any more without hard evidence.
Scientists are remarkably diverse and can be a quite entertaining group of people to be around.
Scientists are research scientists for the same reason farmers farm, they love their work.
Scientists are researchers.
Scientists are right now cracking the code.
Scientists are right to refuse to consider evidence that is so poorly presented.
Scientists are scientists.
Scientists are scrupulous representatives of the facts.
Scientists are skeptics.
Scientists are so methodical.
Scientists are some of the most biased people in the world.
Scientists are specialized and professionals.
Scientists are still among the most wired people on the planet.
Scientists are still largely in the dark about the medicinal benefits of ginseng.
Scientists are still uncertain about regional and global extinction rates.
Scientists are still uncertain as to what causes the outbreaks.
Scientists are still unclear about how the treatment works.
Scientists are still unsure exactly what causes most cases.
Scientists are strongly divided on potential risks to people and the environment.
Scientists are subject to scrutiny.
Scientists are subordinates.
Scientists are susceptible to seeing what they expect to see.
Scientists are the best sources for information about science.
Scientists are the easiest to fool.
Scientists are the most eloquent advocates for biomedical research.
Scientists are the most hysterical people in existence.
Scientists are the new explorers.
Scientists are the ones trying to solve the problems no one else can figure out.
Scientists are the same way.
Scientists are the ultimate skeptics and want to test ideas for themselves.
Scientists are too busy working on cures for other diseases.
Scientists are too hard to control.
Scientists are too nice.
Scientists are totally wrong in equating life force with life form.
Scientists are trigger-happy invalidators.
Scientists are trouble shooters and problem solvers.
Scientists are unable to control the flu because the virus is constantly mutating.
Scientists are unable to determine the age of the paper.
Scientists are unable to explain the differences.
Scientists are unable to explain the image or how it got there.
Scientists are unable to say in response to media questioning that anything is ever 'safe'.
Scientists are uncertain as to how dopamine functions to motivate food intake.
Scientists are uncertain as to the distribution of the black and white ruffed lemur.
Scientists are uncertain what signals males use to track breeding females.
Scientists are unclear about what caused the mass extinction.
Scientists are understandably excited about gamma-ray bursts .
Scientists are uneasy in the legal arena, finding the rules for evidence selective.
Scientists are unlike most public servants.
Scientists are unsure about global warming.
Scientists are unsure about the exact nature of the prion, but it's very small and heat-resistant.
Scientists are unsure as to how many species of plants and animals exist on the Earth.
Scientists are unsure as to the cause.
Scientists are unsure even how to classify it.
Scientists are unsure exactly what important role every plant or animal plays in the environment.
Scientists are unsure how puffins find their way home and are still learning how birds migrate.
Scientists are unsure if it inhibits all cancers.
Scientists are unsure if soy also stops the growth of existing cancer cells.
Scientists are unsure of borax role in plant growth.
Scientists are unsure of how long beluga whales live.
Scientists are unsure of how to classify the aye - aye because of so many different characteristics.
Scientists are unsure of the cause and nature of red sprites.
Scientists are unsure of the causes of both background extinction and mass extinction.
Scientists are unsure of what to make of the situation.
Scientists are unsure what caused the volcano to begin erupting.
Scientists are unsure what causes it.
Scientists are unsure why it rotates that way, although there are a couple theories.
Scientists are unsure why success rates in cloning experiments remain extremely low.
Scientists are usually secretive about human cloning .
Scientists are very busy studying genes.
Scientists are very curious to discover whether Europa, in particular, has a detectable atmosphere.
Scientists are very excited about it.
Scientists are very excited about the data the magnetometer has collected.
Scientists are very excited because the peregrine falcon is an endangered bird on the state's list.
Scientists are very excited to study meteorites.
Scientists are very interested in participating in the development of soil C monitoring protocols.
Scientists are very interested in the dart frogs and in batrachotoxins that they secrete.
Scientists are very keen to see the results.
Scientists are very much like everyone else.
Scientists are very often men of real faith.
Scientists are very smart.
Scientists are welcome as associate members.
Scientists are welcome to have a look at the collection in Shanghai.
Scientists are welcome to join the debate, just like any other citizens.
Scientists are well aware of the fraught history behind the questions of biology and violence.
Scientists are well aware that their conclusions are chameleons taking on the values of the time.
Scientists are well educated.
Scientists are workers.
Scientists are working to solve the problem, try to trap the contaminant in the soil.
Scientists are worried about depleting the ozone layer in the upper atmosphere.
Scientists are worried because global warming is happening faster than ever before.
Scientists are worried by the disappearance of frogs around the world.
Scientists are worried, too, and increasing numbers are asking what can be done.
Scientists are, by necessity, writers.
Scientists are, in the popular mind, the crowned royalty of nerddom.
Scientists are, in their eyes, very human figures, often lacking wisdom.
Scientists are, of course, still free to use any model they choose.
Scientists are, therefore, wrong in equating life force with the physical form of living organisms.
Scientists are, too.
Scientists aren t all Frankensteins.
Scientists aren t sure radon is really a problem.
Scientists aren t sure what causes endometriosis.
Scientists argue about the proper position of comb jellies on the animal evolutionary tree.
Scientists argue classifications.
Scientists argue concern.
Scientists argue for their theories, but they don t have impassioned, public debates.
Scientists argue ideas.
Scientists argue on the exact number, or different types of biomes in existence.
Scientists argue theories.
Scientists argue, in private, in public, in the pages of journals and books.
Scientists arrive to recover the satellite, only to find the village littered with corpses.
Scientists ask and answer questions.
Scientists ask hundreds of questions.
Scientists ask questions.
Scientists ask what are the basic laws governing the natural universe.
Scientists assert that the quantum field is non-material, but deny that it is mere nothingness.
Scientists assess carcinogenicity by weighing the available data from both animal and human studies.
Scientists assess different treatments.
Scientists assess treatments.
Scientists assess volcanic hazards based on a volcano's past behavior.
Scientists assume comets carry the water ice to the moon.
Scientists assume degeneration.
Scientists assume slow degeneration.
Scientists assume that carbon in bacteria takes up about one-half of their dry weight.
Scientists assume that comets carried the water ice to the moon.
Scientists assume that the universe is a vast system governed by the same basic laws everywhere.
Scientists assume that there are two broods or generations of bean leaf beetles in South Dakota.
Scientists assume they've just barely escaped from a snowstorm.
Scientists attach a very functional meaning to the word.
Scientists attach much importance to peer review.
Scientists attach special proteins to the normal protein coating of a virus.
Scientists attach tags to animals in order to recognise individuals in a population.
Scientists attach the webbing to young falcons when they have reached nearly full physical size.
Scientists attempt to clone the woolly mammoth.
Scientists attempt to decrease the intensity of hurricanes by creating a second eye.
Scientists attempt to explain observations.
Scientists attempt to solve such problems using different terms.
Scientists attempt to utilize rice plants to generate electricity.
Scientists attend universities.
Scientists attribute global warming to heat-trapping gases in the atmosphere.
Scientists attribute sharp declines in duck populations largely to the loss of wetlands.
Scientists attribute the climatic oddity to a lopsided planet.
Scientists attribute the first discovery of the species in Japan to the warmer climate.
Scientists attribute the phenomenon to heat-trapping gases in the atmosphere.
Scientists attribute the shades of red to the presence of iron as the rock formed.
Scientists attribute their decline partly to the destruction of forests throughout the hemisphere.
Scientists avoid trying to draw large conclusions from small amounts of data.
Scientists barely exist.
Scientists base the comparison on features of Earth's orbit.
Scientists become executioners.
Scientists become scientists.
Scientists begin by defining or stating a problem they are interested in.
Scientists begin by observing natural phenomena.
Scientists begin by selecting the most perfect looking sweet potatoes.
Scientists begin mapping of Crater Lake floor .
Scientists begin research on the specimen and prepare it for exhibit.
Scientists begin sequencing by cutting DNA with restriction enzymes.
Scientists begin tests.
Scientists begin their work by forming a question, or hypothesis, about the phenomena of nature.
Scientists begin theories.
Scientists begin to infer scientific principles based on observations.
Scientists begin with a monomer - the monomer is the small building unit.
Scientists believe a similar disease develops in humans who consume infected meat.
Scientists believe adding a catalyst to a reaction increases the number of particle collisions.
Scientists believe algae prevents the grasses from growing more.
Scientists believe amiloride thins lung secretions by blocking sodium uptake by lung cells.
Scientists believe asynchronous hatching is an adaptation to unpredictable food supplies.
Scientists believe auroras are caused by solar particles hitting the Earth's atmosphere.
Scientists believe babies are born with digestive systems containing few or no bacteria.
Scientists believe both came from the same parent asteroid.
Scientists believe both species descend from an ancient relative in India.
Scientists believe cell damage has a direct effect on aging.
Scientists believe cells stop replicating when the telomeres reach some critical length.
Scientists believe CFCs are responsible for the destruction of the ozone.
Scientists believe changes are caused mainly by loss of neurons and deficiencies in surviving cells.
Scientists believe damage occurs at the cellular level.
Scientists believe dark matter makes up much of the matter in our universe.
Scientists believe depression is linked to genetics and brain chemistry.
Scientists believe dust particles in the atmosphere pick up bits of solid water.
Scientists believe earth's first cells got their energy from such reactions.
Scientists believe even more water lies deep under the Martian surface.
Scientists believe extinction.
Scientists believe fat plays an important role in helping the body to work properly.
Scientists believe fireflies are omnivores, and some species eat other fireflies.
Scientists believe flu outbreaks began in China where humans and animals live in close contact.
Scientists believe genetic mutations occur spontaneously in children's cells.
Scientists believe Hawaii's rock wallabies have evolved into a new species.
Scientists believe high doses of Vitamin E help diabetics on at least two levels.
Scientists believe humans first contracted the virus after capturing chimps for food.
Scientists believe humans have lived on the plateau for thousands of years.
Scientists believe ice is a good environment for primitive bacteria.
Scientists believe imports of game to safari parks in the south west of England are to blame.
Scientists believe in a very old earth.
Scientists believe inflammation is a leading cause in neurodegenerative disorders.
Scientists believe it evolved when Earth was bombarded with more radiation than today.
Scientists believe it has never caused death in humans.
Scientists believe it is a result of a gene that is passed down through families.
Scientists believe it is due to high concentrations of selenium in the soil.
Scientists believe it is native to Europe, parts of Asia and Africa, and the western United States.
Scientists believe it is now possible that the disease has been introduced into the river system.
Scientists believe it is only a matter of time before the fungus arrives.
Scientists believe it is still in heliocentric orbit.
Scientists believe it makes the plants less tasty to hungry insects.
Scientists believe it takes a combination of factors to trigger a congenital malformation.
Scientists believe it was an active volcanic island during the last ice age.
Scientists believe it's all about pigment power.
Scientists believe Jupiter is a dense ball of gases, mostly hydrogen and helium, with some ammonia.
Scientists believe Jupiter's intense gravitational pull generates heat in Europa's core.
Scientists believe ladybugs lay both fertile and infertile eggs in the cluster.
Scientists believe lupus is rooted in many subtle genetic abnormalities.
Scientists believe mad-cow disease spread through such feed.
Scientists believe manure is washing off fields and into waterways, feeding pfiesteria.
Scientists believe manure washing off farms is a major source of fuel for the microbe.
Scientists believe many diseases begin with genetic mistakes known as mutations.
Scientists believe many insect types have yet to be named and catalogued.
Scientists believe many pairs are unlikely to breed because of lack of correct food.
Scientists believe mass extinction.
Scientists believe mental exercise causes changes in brain tissue.
Scientists believe North Sea cod is one of the species under greatest threat.
Scientists believe now to have understood the process of aging.
Scientists believe nutrients in animal manure likely fuel pfiesteria outbreaks.
Scientists believe only spinning black holes can produce such superfast jets.
Scientists believe our atmosphere was formed when gases seeped out of the Earth.
Scientists believe penguins can navigate using the sun, stars, and geographical landmarks.
Scientists believe pollution triggers the transformation.
Scientists believe proteins evolved first.
Scientists believe radon exposure is the second leading cause of lung cancer.
Scientists believe research in embryonic stem cells is vital to getting that breakthrough.
Scientists believe robins use vision to find earthworms.
Scientists believe sea snakes descended from a single family of Australian land snakes.
Scientists believe several events cause hardening.
Scientists believe severe cold made the craft inoperable.
Scientists believe some craters on the dwarf planet are bright because they are relatively new.
Scientists believe sperm cells find a waiting egg cell via a couple of complex mechanisms.
Scientists believe stem cell growth can be directed in a lab.
Scientists believe such damper devices are altered during prolonged exposure in a vacuum.
Scientists believe such repeated injury results in cumulative damage to the brain.
Scientists believe that a biochemical stimulus triggers the abnormally high skin cell growth.
Scientists believe that a diet containing pesticides causes eggshell thinning.
Scientists believe that a dolphin adds one growth layer each year.
Scientists believe that a person is born genetically predisposed to psoriasis.
Scientists believe that abnormal prions cause TSEs.
Scientists believe that about a meter of a comet's surface evaporates on each passage near the sun.
Scientists believe that air pollution is heating up the globe.
Scientists believe that all the volcanoes on Mars are inactive now.
Scientists believe that amphibians evolved from primitive reptiles.
Scientists believe that any ice on the moon probably came from comets.
Scientists believe that areas south of Brisbane have virtually no cyclone risk.
Scientists believe that autism is a biological disorder at least partly caused by genes.
Scientists believe that bacteria helped create the earth's atmosphere.
Scientists believe that between outbreaks the virus is carried in animals, perhaps monkeys.
Scientists believe that birds are the closest living relative to the dinosaurs.
Scientists believe that birds evolved from reptiles and dinosaurs.
Scientists believe that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs.
Scientists believe that black tea contains more flavonoids than green tea.
Scientists believe that bloat is probably caused by many factors.
Scientists believe that bristlemouths number in the billions of billions.
Scientists believe that California has entered a period of increased seismic activity.
Scientists believe that certain enzymes in the body convert normal cells to cancer cells.
Scientists believe that certain foods have health benefits for specific diseases.
Scientists believe that chameleons change color to reflect their moods.
Scientists believe that changes in the earth's climate caused the ice sheets to grow.
Scientists believe that cheetahs originated in southern Asia.
Scientists believe that chlorine is also enriched in inaccessible regions deep in the Earth.
Scientists believe that current emissions of greenhouse gases are warming the earth dramatically.
Scientists believe that depression is caused by low levels of serotonin, a brain chemical.
Scientists believe that dietary factors play a role in the development of colon cancer.
Scientists believe that direct observation trumps authority.
Scientists believe that dolphins evolved from. . .
Scientists believe that drinking tea improves oral health by helping prevent dental caries.
Scientists believe that dugong grazing promotes prolific seagrass regeneration.
Scientists believe that dugongs move long distances for several reasons .
Scientists believe that dugongs move long distances for several reasons.
Scientists believe that during the time of the dinosaurs, a giant meteor collided with the Earth.
Scientists believe that early whales actually walked the earth.
Scientists believe that ecological succession bring in stability.
Scientists believe that environmental quality and the incidence of cancer are inseparably linked.
Scientists believe that extensional tectonics created the network and wrinkles.
Scientists believe that faulty signals in the digestive tract lead to problems with motility.
Scientists believe that female cicadas can distinguish between the calls of individual males.
Scientists believe that giant squid can attack and eat small whales.
Scientists believe that giant squids live for less than five years.
Scientists believe that gill-net and long line fisheries are to blame.
Scientists believe that greenhouse gases are capable of causing global warming.
Scientists believe that heavy rains caused the contaminated sediment to enter the well.
Scientists believe that here time virtually stands still or moves very, very slowly.
Scientists believe that high diversity makes animals more resilient to changes in their environment.
Scientists believe that humans began to eat meat when the climate where they lived began to change.
Scientists believe that hundreds of thousands more are at risk.
Scientists believe that infrasound is the missing link in studying tiger communication.
Scientists believe that intelligence can be measured or tested.
Scientists believe that Io heats up internally when it changes shape.
Scientists believe that it has something to do with the whale 's echolocation system .
Scientists believe that it has something to do with the whale's echolocation system.
Scientists believe that it has steroidlike properties.
Scientists believe that it is an inherited disorder.
Scientists believe that it is the interaction of many factors together that produces cancer.
Scientists believe that it started in Africa and spread to Europe, Asia, and the Americas.
Scientists believe that it takes nearly a thousand years for a stalactite to grow.
Scientists believe that it was due to a small fault, which developed on the southern Indian plate.
Scientists believe that jaws arose via the modification of the first or second gill arches.
Scientists believe that land plants evolved from single-celled green algae.
Scientists believe that large plates shove some small plates about.
Scientists believe that life first appeared on Earth nearly four billion years ago.
Scientists believe that life on Earth began as an evolutionary process.
Scientists believe that light therapy works by altering the levels of certain brain chemicals.
Scientists believe that magnets work in part by boosting circulation to problem areas.
Scientists believe that maiasaurs lived and moved across North America in large herds.
Scientists believe that maiasaurs lived in enormous herds of ten thousand.
Scientists believe that manatees evolved from land mammals that returned to an aquatic life.
Scientists believe that many chondrites formed during the early stages of the solar system.
Scientists believe that Mars once resembled Earth with oceans, seas, and rivers.
Scientists believe that Mars used to have a thick atmosphere.
Scientists believe that meteorites are debris from long-ago collisions between asteroids.
Scientists believe that mice produce powerful antiangiogenic factors in response to the infection.
Scientists believe that more red-back voles die from the cold than are eaten by predators.
Scientists believe that most caves form below the water table by slowly moving water.
Scientists believe that most or all toothed whales have echolocation abilities.
Scientists believe that most women have a hymen.
Scientists believe that new stars form inside nebulas.
Scientists believe that new stars form inside of nebulae.
Scientists believe that nicotine and other addictive substances change brain chemicals.
Scientists believe that non-REM sleep has a replenishing effect on our bodies.
Scientists believe that only females are dangerous to people.
Scientists believe that our atmosphere used to consist mainly of carbon dioxide, methane and water.
Scientists believe that our galaxy contains five to ten times as much dark matter as visible stars.
Scientists believe that people are exposed when they inhale contaminated material.
Scientists believe that people inherit a tendency to be allergic.
Scientists believe that planet Mars, like the Earth, has a largely iron core.
Scientists believe that pollution triggers the transformation.
Scientists believe that position is naive.
Scientists believe that radon is the second leading cause of lung cancer in the United States.
Scientists believe that raiding is even older than our species.
Scientists believe that raindrops in the winds of clouds form up electric charge.
Scientists believe that REM sleep is the time when most people dream.
Scientists believe that scorpions used to be more than tree feet long.
Scientists believe that seasonal changes in day length and temperature trigger the urge to migrate.
Scientists believe that Secretarybirds are monogomous, spending their lives with one partner.
Scientists believe that sharks are older than dinosaurs.
Scientists believe that snow depths in the north keep the bobcat from utilizing northern ranges.
Scientists believe that some forms of depression are caused by low levels of serotonin in the brain.
Scientists believe that some people are born wired for mental illness through genetics.
Scientists believe that spring phytoplankton is the key in the salp and krill equation.
Scientists believe that stars form when gas clouds collapse due to gravity.
Scientists believe that stem cells can be used to treat degenerative diseases.
Scientists believe that such buildup threatens aquatic life.
Scientists believe that taste nerves mutually inhibit each other.
Scientists believe that the amygdala is responsible for emotion.
Scientists believe that the answers can be found in the red wine they drink.
Scientists believe that the best way to find life in space is to look for radio signals.
Scientists believe that the botos hairs are used as tactile sensory organs.
Scientists believe that the bright, visible clouds of the white ovals are composed of ammonia.
Scientists believe that the cause of the sharp declines lie in the ocean.
Scientists believe that the cocaine high comes in part from a flood of dopamine.
Scientists believe that the compounds stop cancer cells from initiating or developing into tumors.
Scientists believe that the conditions on some planets are conducive to life.
Scientists believe that the continents rest on huge plates.
Scientists believe that the creatures became trapped inside the cavern with no means to escape.
Scientists believe that the early universe contained as many particles as antiparticles.
Scientists believe that the earth was originally a ball of molten rock and lava.
Scientists believe that the human brain has evolved.
Scientists believe that the Indian population can form a good application base.
Scientists believe that the macular pigment protects the retina.
Scientists believe that the negative head movement is a precursor of the same behavior in humans.
Scientists believe that the observed increase is unlikely to be entirely natural in origin.
Scientists believe that the oldest frogs developed jumping legs to avoid being eaten by dinosaurs.
Scientists believe that the particles came from the destruction of moons circling the planet.
Scientists believe that the present continents are parts of what was once a single large continent.
Scientists believe that the quantum effect is the key mechanism in nanoscale device operation.
Scientists believe that the rattle is used to attract mates and repel attackers.
Scientists believe that the rings are the material left after a moon broke apart.
Scientists believe that the virus causing genital warts also causes several types of cancer.
Scientists believe that the water was delivered by comet.
Scientists believe that the watermen are falling ill from direct contact with the water.
Scientists believe that the weightlessness of the ocean makes large body size possible.
Scientists believe that their location has remained constant over earth's history.
Scientists believe that there is a genetic basis for intelligence.
Scientists believe that they can learn more about volcanism on Earth by studying Io.
Scientists believe that they contain heavy chemical elements originated in stars.
Scientists believe that they investigate everything, but they deceive themselves.
Scientists believe that they resemble the outer core of the Earth.
Scientists believe that things and events are understandable through careful study.
Scientists believe that tidal freshwater marshes play a key role in nitrogen cycling.
Scientists believe that tiger coloration and stripes evolved as a form of camouflage.
Scientists believe that too much glutamate can harm motor neurons and inhibit nerve signaling.
Scientists believe that toxic chemicals play a significant role in the decline of river life.
Scientists believe that turtles live longer than any other back boned animal.
Scientists believe that tzi was caught in a heavy snowfall, fell asleep, and froze to death.
Scientists believe that up to half the nerve cells in the brain are devoted to vision.
Scientists believe that wampas are solitary predators.
Scientists believe that water reaches the moon from impacting comets.
Scientists believe that wet dreams are the body 's way of removing too much semen .
Scientists believe that wet dreams are the body's way of removing too much semen.
Scientists believe that wolves are the direct ancestors of today's domestic dogs.
Scientists believe that zinc is the natural modulator of prolactin secretion by the pituitary gland.
Scientists believe that's because of one particular antioxidant found in tea.
Scientists believe that's what calpastatin does.
Scientists believe the adult shrimp die and leave tiny eggs when the rain-fed pools dry up.
Scientists believe the amyloid plaques are evidence of the brain trying to repair itself.
Scientists believe the annual deforestation is actually twice that.
Scientists believe the annual destruction is actually twice that.
Scientists believe the area is a paleoshoreline.
Scientists believe the bacteria become resistant to antibiotics by switching on two genes.
Scientists believe the best way to search is to detect radio signals in space.
Scientists believe the botos moved into the rivers from the ocean.
Scientists believe the bug has spread by rodents infecting factory-farmed chickens.
Scientists believe the current global rate of plant extinction is unprecedented.
Scientists believe the disease is originating in free-ranging deer.
Scientists believe the disease is spread in humans after they consume contaminated cattle products.
Scientists believe the disease spread as a result.
Scientists believe the evidence of the field indicates that at one time Mars had a molten, hot core.
Scientists believe the extension of range is due to climatic warming.
Scientists believe the fish found shelter within the clam.
Scientists believe the gasses are causing significant changes in the Earth's climate.
Scientists believe the hormone binds to receptors in the brain that control food intake.
Scientists believe the iridium-rich layer was formed when an asteroid struck the Earth's surface.
Scientists believe the magnetic field that exists around the planet is generated by Earth's core.
Scientists believe the majority of trash is related to the shrimping and petrochemical industries.
Scientists believe the material eventually condensed into galaxies.
Scientists believe the meteorite came from Mars.
Scientists believe the moon has been inching away from Earth for billions of years.
Scientists believe the mountain's power comes from an unusual configuration of magnetic fields.
Scientists believe the object exploded in the sky rather than hitting the ground.
Scientists believe the onset was sudden.
Scientists believe the orbiter burned up in Mars' atmosphere.
Scientists believe the outbreak originated from chicken manure runoff from rain-soaked farmlands.
Scientists believe the outer core is liquid and the inner core is solid.
Scientists believe the owl's reproductive cycle is loosely tied to lemming abundance.
Scientists believe the pill works by creating a natural protective barrier against ultraviolet rays.
Scientists believe the region is vital for appreciating an outrageous punchline or clever pun.
Scientists believe the sounds are meant to call for a mate or to claim a territory.
Scientists believe the spacecraft burned up in Mars' atmosphere.
Scientists believe the spokes are caused by the very strong magnetic field around the planet.
Scientists believe the squirrels seek out truffles with high-calorie oils and more nutrient value.
Scientists believe the stem cells are so new and healthy in umbilical cords they can adapt.
Scientists believe the surfaces of the martian north and south poles are relatively young.
Scientists believe the tiny critters performed the same roles on early Earth.
Scientists believe the total amount of water on Earth has remained unchanged for millions of years.
Scientists believe the universe has been expanding ever since.
Scientists believe the unseen object is a black hole.
Scientists believe the virus has already crossed over to Nepal and Pakistan.
Scientists believe the volcano's new lava dome to be explosive.
Scientists believe the whelk was brought here in ballast water.
Scientists believe there are as many species of nematodes as there are insects.
Scientists believe there are only four classes of such protease enzymes.
Scientists believe there are several other mutations that play a role in infertility.
Scientists believe there are specific genes that control longevity.
Scientists believe there is a special part of the brain that can tell time.
Scientists believe there is probably life somewhere else in the universe.
Scientists believe they are a unique find.
Scientists believe they are born when a star collapses.
Scientists believe they are clouds of ammonia-ice crystals that bubble to the top of the atmosphere.
Scientists believe they are descended from creatures that lived on land, possibly the mesonychid.
Scientists believe they are identifying early signs of impact on diverse ecosystems now.
Scientists believe they are like the inside of the earth, near the earth's core.
Scientists believe they are made of stony material and metals such as iron and nickel.
Scientists believe they are smarter than primates and even three-year old children.
Scientists believe they are the principal cause of the trend to global warming.
Scientists believe they can ally cloning and stem cells to create perfect-match transplant tissue.
Scientists believe they can determine the health of an ecosystem by measuring efficiency.
Scientists believe they can run up to .
Scientists believe they contain chemicals that help the body detoxify cancer-promoting compounds.
Scientists believe they feed on schooling fish.
Scientists believe they have a new way to grow nerve cells.
Scientists believe they have a way to measure continental movement.
Scientists believe they have at least a partial answer.
Scientists believe they have discovered a pleasure pathway through the brain into the body.
Scientists believe they have discovered an indicator of the two types of prostate cancers.
Scientists believe they have found a gene that causes the craving for sweets.
Scientists believe they have found a way to make flesh transparent for a few minutes at a time.
Scientists believe they have found the gene that causes alcoholism.
Scientists believe they have found the remains of six sailors.
Scientists believe they hold a trove of antibiotics and other genetic masterpieces.
Scientists believe they know the present decay rate.
Scientists believe they now have an answer.
Scientists believe they occur at the rate of about one a day somewhere in the universe.
Scientists believe they play an important role in making genes active or inactive.
Scientists believe they rafted across the ocean on large clumps of vegetation.
Scientists believe they understand how a fish's gills evolved into an amphibian's lungs.
Scientists believe they understand some of the mechanisms by which cadmium causes damage.
Scientists believe three out of every five breast cancers are hormone responsive.
Scientists believe Titan's surface is coated with the residue of a sticky brown organic rain.
Scientists believe Triton has at least a small atmosphere of methane and possibly other gases.
Scientists believe turtles live longer than any other backboned animal.
Scientists believe victims contracted it by eating infected beef.
Scientists bicker over the actual severity of the greenhouse effect and global warming.
Scientists blame a myriad of effects on the Earth's land, water, and air on the temperature change.
Scientists blame genetics.
Scientists blame malfunctioning of solar unit powering an air scrubber.
Scientists blame poor weather for a reduction in the bird's supply of plant food.
Scientists blame the believers.
Scientists blame the changes on global warming.
Scientists blame the decline on the loss of habitat and hunting.
Scientists blame the demise of the salmon on the dams.
Scientists blame the increase in superbugs on the overuse of antibiotics in people and animals.
Scientists break down time according to what animals and other life on the planet where doing.
Scientists break the mantle into two pieces.
Scientists breed plants to grow in specific areas.
Scientists breed tumor-resistant mice using gene engineering.
Scientists bring an enormous amount of research as well as appreciation to the task.
Scientists bring more than just a toolbox of techniques to their work.
Scientists build a peptide to stop toxic shock syndrome.
Scientists build a rocket to intercept the comet and blow it up.
Scientists build rockets.
Scientists build special instruments to separate light, usually with gratings.
Scientists calculate momentum by multiplying the mass of the object by the velocity of the object.
Scientists calculate the mass of large objects in space by studying their motion.
Scientists calculate the position of a star against the background of more distant stars.
Scientists calculate the probabilities.
Scientists call all such sensations paresthesia.
Scientists call amino acids the building blocks of proteins.
Scientists call deoxyribonucleic acid the blueprint of individuality.
Scientists call electric eyes photoelectric cells.
Scientists call for better tracking of near- Earth objects.
Scientists call for better tracking of near-Earth objects.
Scientists call for life creation debate .
Scientists call horseflies blood-feeding arthropods.
Scientists call it a genetic fingerprint.
Scientists call it a low energy environment.
Scientists call it a mutation.
Scientists call it a qubit.
Scientists call it chaos.
Scientists call it hibernation.
Scientists call it methane hydrate.
Scientists call it one of the most helpful plants on Earth.
Scientists call it supplementation.
Scientists call it the brown cloud.
Scientists call it the gateway to intuition, memory and learning.
Scientists call it the pain paradox.
Scientists call making sperm 'spermatogenesis'.
Scientists call Mount Rainier a composite volcano, or stratovolcano.
Scientists call such a field a dipole.
Scientists call such features adaptations.
Scientists call sugars carbohydrates.
Scientists call that repair system the guardian of the genome.
Scientists call that replicating the results.
Scientists call the area between the two headlands a littoral cell.
Scientists call the lengths of discolored fibers, pixels.
Scientists call the material in which waves travel the wave medium.
Scientists call the path that electricity takes an electric circuit.
Scientists call the process of somatic cell division mitosis.
Scientists call the rare species as bakawan.
Scientists call the study of tree rings dendrochronology.
Scientists call the stuff plasma.
Scientists call the variety of life forms Earth's biological diversity or biodiversity.
Scientists call their body shape a medusa.
Scientists call unusual occurrences of cancer in an area or in time a 'cancer cluster'.
Scientists call waves of electromagnetic energy that travel through space light.
Scientists can access the data electronically by specifying the timeframe and bandwidth of interest.
Scientists can access the most recent databases, and ideas can be exchanged unfettered.
Scientists can actually feel each atom.
Scientists can actually see organs developing.
Scientists can already read embryos.
Scientists can also be selfish, arrogant and prejudiced.
Scientists can also deactivate genes in mice, then watch what happens to the mouse without the gene.
Scientists can also determine climate from studying rock faces and observing the mineral deposits.
Scientists can also do a particle trace, following it through the capsule as the action occurs.
Scientists can also easily alter fruit fly genes.
Scientists can also grow cells to help make people better.
Scientists can also learn a lot from the live mammals they rescue.
Scientists can also measure the movement of extremely distant objects with the lenses.
Scientists can also monitor whether methods of destroying or reducing bacteria are working.
Scientists can also play an important role.
Scientists can also shorten or lengthen their plants day using automated shades and grow lights.
Scientists can also spin out ideas about ultimates.
Scientists can also study autopsy specimens to investigate how the brain changes over time.
Scientists can also study dog families much easier than human families.
Scientists can also study smaller crystals and much larger proteins and protein complexes.
Scientists can also take a cell from an adult animal and produce a new cloned off-spring.
Scientists can also test possible drugs for ones that slow the damage the disorder causes.
Scientists can also understand how other cells react to repair a wounded cell.
Scientists can and do make mistakes.
Scientists can announce they've unlocked the secrets of the universe.
Scientists can answer questions more efficiently.
Scientists can apparently terrify with impunity.
Scientists can apply for more than one leg as shipboard or shorebased participants.
Scientists can be an amazing lot.
Scientists can be as dogmatic as anyone else.
Scientists can be personal as well as intellectual role models for students.
Scientists can be rigid, but science is always open to new research and information.
Scientists can be their own worst enemies.
Scientists can begin at any point in a cycle.
Scientists can calculate the density of Venus, though.
Scientists can capture scrub-jays alive in box traps baited with their favorite foods.
Scientists can change their minds after more evidence is produced.
Scientists can check their accuracy by using different isotopes.
Scientists can choose from several mammalian cell lines in either attachment or suspension culture.
Scientists can classify minerals into groups on the basis of their chemical makeup .
Scientists can classify minerals into groups on the basis of their chemical makeup.
Scientists can compare parts of the human genome to the mouse and see where the differences lie.
Scientists can conduct natural studies and experiments with people who live more remotely.
Scientists can control the activity of the living cell by controlling the chip with a computer.
Scientists can control the nodes via the Internet onshore.
Scientists can control the studies better.
Scientists can control the temperature, humidity, light, pollutants and atmospheric gases.
Scientists can count along the 'ladder' and identify each gene by the number of the 'rung'.
Scientists can count the rings to discover the age of the frog.
Scientists can create better genes with certain traits that are already understood.
Scientists can create it by combining plutonium with neutrons at very high speeds and temperatures.
Scientists can date the age of the tree by counting and measuring the rings.
Scientists can decline a student based on the interview.
Scientists can detect changes over weeks, months, years or even decades.
Scientists can detect changes within seagrass beds.
Scientists can determine annual snowfall because each year's snow forms a layer.
Scientists can determine mast cell activation by measuring an increased level of tryptase in urine.
Scientists can determine moment magnitude in two ways.
Scientists can determine the age of ancient objects by a method called radiocarbon dating .
Scientists can determine the heavy metals present from that spectral analysis.
Scientists can determine, relative to a temporal society, what good living means.
Scientists can do amazing things, and they can make human cells live away from the body for a while.
Scientists can do delicate experiments.
Scientists can do experiments.
Scientists can do more to make their offering truly useful to their fellow citizens.
Scientists can easily answer questions for educators via e-mail.
Scientists can easily genetically alter adult cells.
Scientists can easily identify the teet of a great white shark.
Scientists can easily share information and contact each other.
Scientists can encode vast amounts of digital information onto a single strand of synthetic DNA .
Scientists can engineer food by inserting genes into an organism's DNA in the cell's nucleus.
Scientists can enter the data into a computer program that plots the polar bear's path.
Scientists can estimate how much of each type of carbon is in the body of a living organism.
Scientists can estimate the amount of dust that falls every year.
Scientists can even create oysters with three sets of chromosomes, instead of the normal two.
Scientists can even estimate how much magma is feeding an eruption.
Scientists can even extract genetic material from bones and tissues.
Scientists can even measure the activity of individual neurons in sleeping animals.
Scientists can examine flowering and weather data to search for the triggers of phenological events.
Scientists can examine lichens to indirectly measure air pollution.
Scientists can explain in elaborate detail how a sun formed.
Scientists can explore huge datasets easily - and distribute their work through the Web.
Scientists can extend their reach using the pole trimmer.
Scientists can feel and care.
Scientists can fill in the gaps in defining species by DNA sequence analysis.
Scientists can find information about the past by studying rock strata.
Scientists can find information on grants as well as resources including an eye donor network.
Scientists can find it in semen, blood, hair and other body samples.
Scientists can find journal articles and citations.
Scientists can follow the bird's signal in airplanes or via satellite.
Scientists can follow the path of seismic waves from earthquakes as they travel through the Earth.
Scientists can further enhance or suppress certain characteristics of crops.
Scientists can get it wrong.
Scientists can help to understand the causes and dynamics of consumptive behavior.
Scientists can identify a coywolf from a coyote and a wolf, and a coydog from a coyote and a dog.
Scientists can identify individual dolphins by size and physical markings such as. . .
Scientists can identify individual zebras by comparing patterns, stripe widths, color and scars.
Scientists can identify individuals and determine relationships among dolphins in a group.
Scientists can identify patterns in the DNA that indicate where a gene is.
Scientists can identify sea turtle species by the number and pattern of scutes.
Scientists can identify the chemical composition of gases by examining their light spectrum.
Scientists can image the solid inner core using energy from earthquakes, known as seismic waves.
Scientists can imagine a way to do that.
Scientists can investigate a myriad of possible futures, but a unique future state is unknowable.
Scientists can isolate DNA from cells of any plant, animal, or microorganism.
Scientists can keep monitoring their work after they return home.
Scientists can keep up with the distribution of ice and the ice thickness.
Scientists can learn a great deal about our world by observing, measuring, and examining.
Scientists can learn a lot about an area by observing the streams that run through it.
Scientists can learn alot about the center of the earth from earthquakes.
Scientists can learn things from supernova explosions.
Scientists can look at environmentally sensitive areas and predict trends.
Scientists can look at some crystals and know what substance they are observing.
Scientists can make all sorts of claims about man originating by purely natural evolutionary causes.
Scientists can make computer models of anything from a protein to Death Valley.
Scientists can make electrons travel from one atom to another.
Scientists can map the human gene and, by the same means, map genocide.
Scientists can measure a significant drop when fish oil is added to the diet.
Scientists can measure infrared absorption by molecules very accurately.
Scientists can measure the glaciers in order to know how much freshwater is on Earth.
Scientists can monitor phytoplankton in the Indian Ocean - and use that to help predict cholera.
Scientists can move from being interested in rocks to chemistry to biology and astronomy.
Scientists can never again close their eyes to the social effects of their discoveries.
Scientists can nominate themselves for the coveted awards.
Scientists can now add, remove or change genes to produce the plants and animals they want.
Scientists can now approximate the common genes between family members of varrying closeness.
Scientists can now begin to read the blueprints of all organisms.
Scientists can now correct some inaccuracies in the mounted fossil.
Scientists can now insert genes into cells.
Scientists can now isolate, read and even manipulate certain characteristics of human genes.
Scientists can now manipulate stem cells in mice to regenerate tissue and organ systems.
Scientists can now publish research upon microfilm.
Scientists can now send animals, even people into space.
Scientists can now spend more time more efficiently and effectively on complex research activities.
Scientists can now use DNA information to identify desirable traits in organisms.
Scientists can now use structural genomics to select more effective coat protein mutants.
Scientists can nowadays get fairly easy access to very powerful computing resources.
Scientists can observe better by using special tools .
Scientists can obtain sensitive photometric measurements of astronomical targets.
Scientists can obtain stem cells from the cloned embryos.
Scientists can offer no solution to dilemma, other than admit that they are one of the causes of it.
Scientists can offer only educated guesses about the remainder.
Scientists can often find clues about past eruptions by studying the deposits left behind.
Scientists can only deal with present evidence.
Scientists can only estimate the number of unclassified species that have gone extinct.
Scientists can only guess whether the drought is a harbinger of global warming.
Scientists can only guess why many butterflies are so brightly colored.
Scientists can only make educated guesses at how females access the sperm to fertilize the eggs.
Scientists can only provide informed estimates.
Scientists can only speculate as to why the carcass was full of lead shot.
Scientists can only speculate that such behavior bodes ill for a species' long-term survival.
Scientists can only speculate.
Scientists can only study natural forces in the material universe.
Scientists can only theorize.
Scientists can photograph the surface or view in real time on a computer screen.
Scientists can point to encouraging results from a variety of approaches.
Scientists can predict eclipses of the sun and moon.
Scientists can predict the positions of the stars at future dates.
Scientists can present information and answers that inform debate about many issues.
Scientists can produce detailed maps in only one generation of plant breeding.
Scientists can provide appropriate data for the theologians.
Scientists can publish their work directly on the net.
Scientists can read the lava record like a calendar.
Scientists can recognize gene families because their members have similar sequences.
Scientists can refer to the guidelines to choose an appropriate bioindicator.
Scientists can request a free CD-ROM containing all the files of our website.
Scientists can safely exchange highly sensitive data about ongoing experiments.
Scientists can save their precious time and budget if they exchange information electronically.
Scientists can save time and companies can improve sales and widen their scope of marketing.
Scientists can see that the movement within the atom is continuous.
Scientists can see the spinal column, ribs, pelvis, leg and arm bones in the sediment.
Scientists can serve as mentors and assist with science projects and provide career information.
Scientists can smash a piece of moon rock down to individual atoms.
Scientists can sometimes do tests for things that they couldn t possibly believe in.
Scientists can sometimes identify individual whales by their tail markings.
Scientists can stop looking.
Scientists can study all aspects of the natural world, including experimenting on an extinct animal.
Scientists can study meteorites to learn more about the asteroids from which they originated.
Scientists can study molecules in space, for example, to learn more about the formation of stars.
Scientists can study the growth rings of old trees and determine rainfall patterns for years past.
Scientists can study wine or butter or bran for a bit.
Scientists can synthesize drugs to fit into active sites and stop the virus once it is mapped.
Scientists can t explain how THAT all came about either.
Scientists can tag sharks to study their behaviour.
Scientists can take a slice of a core and analyse the air trapped within the bubbles.
Scientists can tap into the pockets and determine gas ratios in the ancient air.
Scientists can teach the wasps to find odors otherwise ignored in nature.
Scientists can tell exactly where they are coming from.
Scientists can tell how much energy a particle had by seeing how much lead it took to stop it.
Scientists can tell how old fish are from the otoliths, which are part of the inner ear.
Scientists can tell which species of milkweed they came from, and where that species grows.
Scientists can test as to whether a drug causes lipid peroxidation in the lab.
Scientists can test for the disease directly in patients and prenatally.
Scientists can thaw the material for transfer to surrogate mothers.
Scientists can then analyse the sputum.
Scientists can then analyze the bands and determine the genetic composition of an individual.
Scientists can then detect hills and valleys on the ocean's surface.
Scientists can then determine where, when, how fast, and how far the animal travelled.
Scientists can then determine whether specific genes affect mammary gland functions.
Scientists can then focus their research on the areas that are potentially problematic.
Scientists can then heat and cool the samples and measure their physical properties.
Scientists can then measure the proportion of each element which has decayed to more stable forms.
Scientists can then see how well the model predicts the already known outcome.
Scientists can then use the measurements to develop a precise topographic map of the terrain.
Scientists can then use the simulation to manipulate and observe the behavior of the complex system.
Scientists can therefore track the systems movements in more dimensions.
Scientists can thus determine the direction of mantle flow by mapping the anisotropy directions.
Scientists can thus work the age of sections of skeleton.
Scientists can trace the magnetic fields of sunspots using a device called a magnetograph.
Scientists can track hurricanes with satellites after they form.
Scientists can track which marker came from a person's mother and which came from a person's father.
Scientists can use a penetrometer to measure how much moisture is in soil .
Scientists can use a penetrometer to measure how much moisture is in soil.
Scientists can use active sonar to explore the bottom of the ocean.
Scientists can use familiar software and databases to search for needed chemicals and supplies.
Scientists can use gamma rays to determine the elements on other planets.
Scientists can use gene technology to locate and analyse single genes in a chain of many thousands.
Scientists can use it to determine the age of ancient materials and to study solar activity.
Scientists can use it to guide their work with teachers.
Scientists can use it to track experiments without having to be in the lab.
Scientists can use known endpoints to develop in vitro alternatives to animal tests.
Scientists can use special instruments to detect the heat the objects give off.
Scientists can use that device to start assembling nanostructures that consist of complex molecules.
Scientists can use the distribution of living organisms to find out about pollution.
Scientists can use the emission spectra of atoms and molecules to study the composition of stars.
Scientists can use the equation to predict the best way to apply nutrients to soil.
Scientists can use the lengths of the shadows cast to estimate the height of the mountains.
Scientists can use the permafrost as a record of the past to learn about climate.
Scientists can use the phenology and weather data to search for the triggers of phenological events.
Scientists can use the portal to browse the directory and search the distributed databases.
Scientists can use three-dimensional topographic maps to study the potential of natural hazards.
Scientists can usually make fairly accurate predictions about what kind of weather to expect.
Scientists can verify something in tedious laboratory experiments.
Scientists can videotape the process and use a computer to convert the patterns of light into color.
Scientists can watch the waxing and waning of delicate nerve cell connections that seal in memories.
Scientists can work faster using a slide rule than using a logarithm table.
Scientists can work in different areas of science .
Scientists can work in different areas of science.
Scientists can, after all, write papers by the thousand.
Scientists can, however, observe and analyze the results of laboratory and field experiments.
Scientists can, therefore, use the region as a sensitive 'litmus paper' for detecting global change.
Scientists care a lot about curing human disease and understanding human development.
Scientists carefully pull out the nucleus of the egg which contained all the genetic information.
Scientists carefully study the terrain to find likely sites.
Scientists carry out electrochemical studies on physico-chemical systems for a variety of reasons.
Scientists categorize fuel cells by the type of electrolyte used.
Scientists categorize objects displaying cometary properties according to their orbital period.
Scientists categorize the survival of two-thirds of the reefs as threatened or highly threatened.
Scientists caution further research is needed, particularly to find how it can be formulated.
Scientists caution that growth hormone also comes with risks, especially at high doses.
Scientists caution that the models used to predict climate change are imperfect.
Scientists certainly do because they're scrambling to try to remedy the problem.
Scientists change behavior.
Scientists change ideas.
Scientists change their hypotheses all the time.
Scientists change their ideas when led to do so by experimental evidence.
Scientists change their minds on the basis of the evidence, and a consensus emerges over time.
Scientists chart iron cycle in ocean .
Scientists chart the anatomy of a storm.
Scientists check for chemical contamination before using the process.
Scientists check the pits for signs of oil and to determine the beach composition.
Scientists chemically analyze the fish's otoliths - also known as earstones.
Scientists choose specific stains when they want to look at a particular part of a cell.
Scientists choose underlying fictions that are well-adapted to their vocabulary.
Scientists cite a number of reasons for the increase in malaria cases.
Scientists cite a variety of possible causes.
Scientists cite causes.
Scientists cite other possible causes.
Scientists cite possible causes.
Scientists claim it is a source of near perpetual youth.
Scientists claim it provides further proof that modern birds evolved from dinosaurs.
Scientists claim that antimatter is the costliest material to make.
Scientists claim that men and monkeys are from the same origin.
Scientists claim that the stars roll along their courses without divine assistance.
Scientists claim they have found a way of beefing up the body's own immune system to attack cancer.
Scientists claim to discover a new state of matter.
Scientists claim to find signs of primitive life in ancient Mars meteorite.
Scientists claim to have found a cure for death.
Scientists claim world cloning first .
Scientists classify all living things into different groups.
Scientists classify all living things into five groups.
Scientists classify animals according to how closely related they are to each other.
Scientists classify animals according to how their bodies have evolved.
Scientists classify animals according to physical properties and characteristics.
Scientists classify clams by how far down they dig and what kind of surface they dig into.
Scientists classify cosmic ray particles depending on their source.
Scientists classify cosmic rays depending on their source.
Scientists classify dinoflagellates in a group of living things called protists .
Scientists classify each species with a unique, two-part scientific name.
Scientists classify fingerprints into several general patterns.
Scientists classify invertebrates based on their structure.
Scientists classify lemurs, along with human beings, apes, and monkeys, as primates.
Scientists classify methods.
Scientists classify orbits by the shape that they trace through space.
Scientists classify organisms based on common physical characteristics.
Scientists classify organisms in a hierarchical scheme.
Scientists classify organisms to organize and understand similarities among organisms.
Scientists classify organisms using a series of hierarchical categories called taxa.
Scientists classify the activity of a volcano according to how often it erupts.
Scientists classify the different types of living things into groups called species .
Scientists classify the walrus as a kind of large seal.
Scientists classify to organize living things into groups so that it is easier to study.
Scientists classify types.
Scientists classify vitamins by the fluid in which they dissolve.
Scientists classify whales as either baleen or toothed.
Scientists clone a sheep in Great Britain.
Scientists clone human embryos.
Scientists coax liver cells into growing on silicon chip.
Scientists coax stem cells into repairing damaged hearts.
Scientists collaborate with other researchers.
Scientists collaborate with researchers.
Scientists collaborate with scientists.
Scientists collect cases.
Scientists collect data to support or reject assumptions that they make.
Scientists collect flies.
Scientists collect information.
Scientists collect life history information.
Scientists collect samples.
Scientists combine several well-tested techniques to find out the ages of fossils.
Scientists combine the amounts of reflected green, red, and infrared light to map vegetation.
Scientists come from all over for advanced training and collaborative research.
Scientists come from around the world to see if they can apply the techniques in their countries.
Scientists come here to track the receding glacier and the ice blocks.
Scientists come to the pole to conduct an array of studies.
Scientists comes down on both sides of the issue today.
Scientists commonly debate new information to arrive at new understandings.
Scientists commonly encounter barriers in gaining access to data relevant to their research.
Scientists commonly report the standard deviation of numbers from the average number in experiments.
Scientists commonly study tens of thousands of specimens from large areas.
Scientists communicate in writing.
Scientists communicate to validate their studies and to gain insights from others.
Scientists communicate with each other through their professional meetings and journals.
Scientists communicate with highschool students, computer geeks with fashion models.
Scientists communicate with Hubble by radio signals.
Scientists compare radar images of the same area over periods of months to years.
Scientists compare results.
Scientists compare samples.
Scientists compare that tree-ring sequence to timber samples of unknown age from the same area.
Scientists compare the flow of traffic to the flow of liquid through a pipe.
Scientists compare the process to the force a rocket produces when it takes off from earth.
Scientists compare the stimulation of qat to that of several cups of strong coffee.
Scientists complain that the media distort their message or play scientists off against each other.
Scientists complete experiments.
Scientists complete the first map of the human genetic code.
Scientists complete the map of the human genome.
Scientists conduct basic and applied studies on habitats worldwide, from Boston Harbor to Africa.
Scientists conduct classifications.
Scientists conduct experiments to understand natural processes.
Scientists conduct experiments until they come to the response they want.
Scientists conduct experiments.
Scientists conduct investigations for a wide variety of reasons.
Scientists conduct investigations.
Scientists conduct novel experiments.
Scientists conduct tests.
Scientists conduct the research.
Scientists conducting studies at or around all the southern African islands tend to be taxa focused.
Scientists confirm attributes.
Scientists confirm that fish and crustaceans, like all animals, feel pain.
Scientists confront creationism.
Scientists confront intelligent design and creationism.
Scientists conjure up possibility of volcano triggering world's worst natural calamity.
Scientists connect with other scientists based on research, species, and field techniques.
Scientists consequently have many informal and formal international contacts.
Scientists consider bird eyes to be the finest in the animal kingdom.
Scientists consider chemistry.
Scientists consider diversity.
Scientists consider environmental factors.
Scientists consider factors.
Scientists consider free radicals to be the geatest contributing factor to aging.
Scientists consider frogs cheaper and easier to work with than mice.
Scientists consider ideas.
Scientists consider it an ecological meeting place for northern and southern California species.
Scientists consider Lake Michigan's increase, though slight, to be rapid.
Scientists consider muons the most basic of particles.
Scientists consider Pacific Ocean swordfish stocks to be in good condition.
Scientists consider pain a sense, like touch or sight.
Scientists consider peer review necessary.
Scientists consider rain forests to be more valuable intact than when converted to pastures.
Scientists consider sea turtles to be an indicator species.
Scientists consider such diversity an indication of a healthy ecosystem.
Scientists consider that to be a substantial gap.
Scientists consider the baldcypress a living fossil.
Scientists consider the gray wolf to be the species from which most other wolf subspecies evolved.
Scientists consider the inexpensive meat that comes from old dairy cows to be the most dangerous.
Scientists consider the ocean floor to be a two-dimensional volumetric scattering surface.
Scientists consider the once-teeming sea one of the world's most threatened ecosystems.
Scientists consider the risks of further increases in ultraviolet radiation to be serious.
Scientists consider the site to be an excellent analog for Martian terrain.
Scientists consider the streams critical to the stability of the ice sheet covering West Antarctica.
Scientists consider three possibilities.
Scientists consider variation.
Scientists constantly keep tabs on pesticides to see if they pose an unacceptable health risk.
Scientists constantly make assumptions in order to build theories to explain and make predictions.
Scientists constantly measure things when they do experiments.
Scientists constantly test and refine their hypotheses.
Scientists contend a comprehensive health survey of the region is needed to clarify the issue.
Scientists continually have to be on the lookout for sources of bias in their experiments.
Scientists continually operate to obtain skin and other body samples.
Scientists continue education.
Scientists continue investigating how environment affects rock formation.
Scientists continue their quest to unravel the mystery.
Scientists continue to adjust the periodic table as new elements are found.
Scientists continue to be baffled why toucans have such oversized beaks.
Scientists continue to debate different theories, offering evidence to support their views.
Scientists continue to debate the ancestry of domesticated corn.
Scientists continue to debate the history of man.
Scientists continue to discover bullfrogs in new localities in Washington and Oregon.
Scientists continue to discover regulating effects of prostaglandins.
Scientists continue to discover species with the potential to heal.
Scientists continue to introduce new vegetable varieties to Canada.
Scientists continue to investigate the anomaly and long term impact to the mission.
Scientists continue to investigate the potential of gene therapy for treating the disease.
Scientists continue to look for ways to prevent and treat the flu.
Scientists continue to monitor the depleted region of ozone commonly known as the ozone hole.
Scientists continue to monitor the star for more outbursts.
Scientists continue to monitor the volcano.
Scientists continue to probe the mysteries of how light affects the human body and mind.
Scientists continue to research new risk factors and preventive measures.
Scientists continue to search for additional therapies.
Scientists continue to search for answers and to find new clues.
Scientists continue to study and debate the mechanisms that move the plates.
Scientists continue to study birds, uncovering new evidence of reproductive damage.
Scientists continue to study dolphin therapy .
Scientists continue to study dolphin therapy.
Scientists continue to study earth- quake patterns.
Scientists continue to study Florida's water systems for solutions to future water needs.
Scientists continue to study lightning, trying to learn more lightning and why it occurs.
Scientists continue to study the area.
Scientists continue to study the complexities of deer communication.
Scientists continue to study the details of how evolution occurs.
Scientists continue to study the impacts of the dust's transcontinental travel.
Scientists continue to study the intricacies of snake venoms.
Scientists continue to supply information to decision makers.
Scientists continue to tinker away with their computer models, but the bare-bones facts are clear.
Scientists continue to try to decipher the process.
Scientists continue to try to find faster ways to relieve the pain associated with migraines.
Scientists continue to use fluke patterns to study behavior.
Scientists continue to work very hard to make gene therapy safe and useful.
Scientists continue tradition.
Scientists contribute to an understanding of what life is all about.
Scientists contribute to development.
Scientists contribute to discoveries.
Scientists control conditions.
Scientists control their experiments.
Scientists count the rings and use a mathematical formula to estimate a turtle's age.
Scientists count the rings and use a mathmatical formula to estimate a turtles age.
Scientists count things and measure things such as size, weight, temperature, speed, etc.
Scientists crack genetic code of lowly worm .
Scientists crack genome of a crafty, lethal germ.
Scientists create antimatter .
Scientists create environmental sensitivity index maps.
Scientists create hypotheses to try and explain the observed behavior of the world.
Scientists create maps.
Scientists create materials.
Scientists create paper trails every time they publish.
Scientists create sensitivity index maps.
Scientists create the world's smallest ultraviolet laser.
Scientists create transgenic animals by incorporating genes from one animal into another.
Scientists create words for indescribable states of physical being.
Scientists credit the evolutionary success of sharks to several factors.
Scientists cringe at the thought of using chemical herbicides on such underwater weeds.
Scientists criticize each other's work, and accept criticism from their peers.
Scientists crystallize protein molecules in order to study their complex internal structures.
Scientists currently are able to submit evidence.
Scientists currently consider natural biotin supplements to be non-toxic.
Scientists currently debate the future implications of nanotechnology .
Scientists currently have the ability to create human embryos in their labs.
Scientists currently recognize six subspecies of North American elk.
Scientists currently recognize two distinct types of killer whales.
Scientists currently rely on surplus embryos from fertility clinics to supply their research.
Scientists currently use light as a probe to study chemical molecules.
Scientists debate a new way of understanding flora.
Scientists debate how many kingdoms there are, but most agree there are five.
Scientists debate how much arsenic is dangerous.
Scientists debate the connection between carbs and obesity.
Scientists debate the future threat of common chemicals.
Scientists debate the medical significance of clinically silent bubbles in divers' bloodstreams.
Scientists debate the public-policy implications of genetic engineering.
Scientists debate whether the chemicals in chocolate have a positive effect.
Scientists decelerate the beam in several steps, interspersing it with more cooling.
Scientists decide informally in advance what phenomena to take into account.
Scientists deduce thi s information by observing thousands of nearby stars.
Scientists define a wetland as being a large swampy or marshy environment with lots of vegetation.
Scientists define energy as the ability to do work.
Scientists define energy as the ability to get work done.
Scientists define learning as a relatively permanent change in behavior as the result of experience.
Scientists define the best sleep as having the right mix of REM and non-REM sleep.
Scientists define the boundaries of ecosystems in different ways.
Scientists define the problem in terms of water deficits.
Scientists define tornadoes as, very simply, violently rotating columns of air.
Scientists define work to be the product of force acting through a distance.
Scientists delight in propounding laws.
Scientists demand for a debate on the creation of life .
Scientists demonstrate causes.
Scientists demonstrate how to turn a radio on and off using brain waves.
Scientists demonstrate inventions.
Scientists deny responsibility.
Scientists depend on human body parts for research.
Scientists deplore flight from reason.
Scientists describe a planet by many factors.
Scientists describe and name winds based on the direction from which they are blowing.
Scientists describe discoveries.
Scientists describe events.
Scientists describe gravitation as the force with which bodies attract each other.
Scientists describe it as the opposite of a plasma.
Scientists describe light as being made of photons that form waves.
Scientists describe the Earth in terms of sphere s.
Scientists describe the human brain as the most complicated physical structure in the universe.
Scientists describe the stability of an isotope by reporting it's half-life.
Scientists design experiments to investigate particular questions.
Scientists detect no such enrichment.
Scientists detect significant evidence of water ocean under surface of Ganymede.
Scientists determine a gray whale's age by counting the annual layers in the whale's waxy ear plug.
Scientists determine a person's exposure to mercury by measuring the content in a strand of hair.
Scientists determine ages.
Scientists determine amounts.
Scientists determine causes.
Scientists determine concentration.
Scientists determine critical load by examining rock and soil type, land use and rainfall.
Scientists determine extent.
Scientists determine length.
Scientists determine likelihood.
Scientists determine mainstreams.
Scientists determine the number of bins and size of bins based upon what they want to see.
Scientists determine types.
Scientists determine what angler fish eat by examining their stomach contents.
Scientists develop a candidate vaccine based on what they know of microbiology and human immunology.
Scientists develop cannabis spray.
Scientists develop conditions.
Scientists develop experiments.
Scientists develop explanations using observations and what they already know about the world.
Scientists develop explanations using observations.
Scientists develop images.
Scientists develop methods.
Scientists develop new scientific techniques and protocols in the field of addiction medicine.
Scientists develop products to improve the efficiency of producing meat, milk and eggs.
Scientists develop theories about the way the world works.
Scientists develop theories which can be disproved.
Scientists develop treatments.
Scientists devise classifications.
Scientists devise ways.
Scientists differ about the classification of the hartebeest.
Scientists differ greatly in what phenomena they study and how they go about their work.
Scientists differ in their opinions what was the first variant of chess.
Scientists differ on the value of the balanced aquarium.
Scientists dig for dinosaur bones.
Scientists direct basic research on liquid crystals and develop flat-panel display technologies.
Scientists disagree about the age of dinosaur remains.
Scientists disagree about the behavior's purpose.
Scientists disagree about the hunting habits of Allosaurus.
Scientists disagree about the impact of CRT radiation, although many suspect their existence.
Scientists disagree about their significance.
Scientists disagree about what happened.
Scientists disagree about whether hypnosis involves a special mental state.
Scientists disagree as to the purpose of the snapping.
Scientists disagree in their theories as to how horned dinosaurs walked.
Scientists disagree on from where the mercury in Florida s air is coming.
Scientists disagree on lumpings and splittings.
Scientists disagree on many dietary recommendations for reducing the risk of chronic diseases.
Scientists disagree on the amount of riparian area required to maintain a healthy fish habitat.
Scientists disagree on the cause of the recent increase in the rate of rise.
Scientists disagree on the cause of the recent increase.
Scientists disagree on the cause.
Scientists disagree on the effect of the waste water on the coral reefs.
Scientists disagree on the meaning of whale behaviors.
Scientists disagree on the reason.
Scientists disagree on what the aura represents.
Scientists disagree on whether such applications have much chance of a favorable review.
Scientists disagree on whether the counts mean as much in freshwater lakes.
Scientists disagree over the history of the area's rock beds.
Scientists disagree over whether the substance is truly hazardous or merely irritating.
Scientists disagree whether people have a set point.
Scientists disagree with the outcome.
Scientists disagree, politicians disagree, and so does everybody else who has studied the issue.
Scientists disagree, though.
Scientists discover a giant ring that has twenty some odd symbols on it.
Scientists discover a ninth planet in the solar system.
Scientists discover artificial fat, revolutionizing the junk food market.
Scientists discover aspects.
Scientists discover bacteria.
Scientists discover birth defects.
Scientists discover cause of sudden heart failure that occurs after surgery.
Scientists discover caves in Mexico which are home to a race of giant man-eating scorpions.
Scientists discover defects.
Scientists discover disorder.
Scientists discover earliest-known bird .
Scientists discover effects.
Scientists discover elements.
Scientists discover evidence.
Scientists discover existence.
Scientists discover fat people have better sex.
Scientists discover formula for long-life rechargeable batteries .
Scientists discover gene for 'good' cholesterol.
Scientists discover health.
Scientists discover hint of warp in space and tine .
Scientists discover how to clone dinosaurs from the DNA found in insects encased in amber.
Scientists discover importance.
Scientists discover injuries.
Scientists discover life causes cancer.
Scientists discover life.
Scientists discover medicine.
Scientists discover mental g-spot in men.
Scientists discover neutrinos to be Italian neutrons.
Scientists discover new bacteria or sometimes they find known bacteria in a new place.
Scientists discover new species of fungus each year.
Scientists discover new things all of the time.
Scientists discover performance.
Scientists discover presence.
Scientists discover relate birth defects.
Scientists discover relate defects.
Scientists discover results.
Scientists discover sources.
Scientists discover strategies.
Scientists discover stress cells.
Scientists discover structure of an enzyme crucial to life.
Scientists discover structures.
Scientists discover sugar in space.
Scientists discover the meaning of life.
Scientists discover the mechanics of the atom.
Scientists discover types.
Scientists discover ways.
Scientists discuss biology, safety, and statistics of lightning strikes.
Scientists discuss cases.
Scientists discuss discoveries about the planets, moons and rings.
Scientists discuss how the brain processes stress and illness.
Scientists discuss new ideas for high performance low-cost space transportation.
Scientists discuss the results of a laboratory test.
Scientists dismiss ideas.
Scientists disprove today what they held to be true for a long period of time.
Scientists dispute the danger posed by phthalates.
Scientists dispute validity of math used in reporting results of DNA tests.
Scientists disrupt the streams and force the particles to crash into one another.
Scientists distinguish several types of bogs.
Scientists divide bats into two groups.
Scientists divide eras into periods.
Scientists divide rainforests into different strata or layers for easy reference.
Scientists divide the mosses into eight groups .
Scientists divide the mosses into eight groups.
Scientists divide the Precambrian into three eons.
Scientists divide the sources of water contamination into two categories.
Scientists do a lot of things.
Scientists do a lot of watching, or observing, to learn about things like insects.
Scientists do and have changed their ideas when led to do so by experimental evidence.
Scientists do another type of DNA testing to figure out which birds are related to which.
Scientists do disagree with each other.
Scientists do disagree.
Scientists do experiments.
Scientists do experiments.
Scientists do have a few clues, however.
Scientists do have an appreciation for art too.
Scientists do have an idea what color Berkelium is.
Scientists do it all day.
Scientists do it all the time.
Scientists do it experimentally.
Scientists do know that a tendency for severe obesity runs in families.
Scientists do know that dark matter forms massive halos that surround galaxies.
Scientists do know that dogs smell much better than most animals, including humans.
Scientists do know that drinking on a regular basis affects a developing baby.
Scientists do know that drinking on a regular basis affects a developing child.
Scientists do know that it comes in many varieties.
Scientists do know that most leukemias are associated with specific gene mutations.
Scientists do know that once green turtles shift to benthic feeding grounds, they are herbivores.
Scientists do know the following.
Scientists do know, however, that fragrant chemicals make up only a fraction of a live flower.
Scientists do know, however, that frogs serve as an environmental barometer.
Scientists do like to be first.
Scientists do likewise when they search for patterns in data, or pursue abstract ideas.
Scientists do make mistakes.
Scientists do no know why they disappeared although their are many theories.
Scientists do research and write and peer reveiw research manuscripts.
Scientists do see a distinction, however, between corporate money and individual bidders.
Scientists do tend to use it in different ways.
Scientists do that best by using scientific principles and sharing their results with the public.
Scientists do understand the science behind evolution.
Scientists do very well by using analogies.
Scientists do, however, have some ideas.
Scientists do, of course, identify the senses.
Scientists document human pregnancy.
Scientists document pregnancy.
Scientists document such work and publish their papers in peer-reviewed science journals.
Scientists don t have all the answers, but they do have a lot of good questions.
Scientists don t know.
Scientists don t understand everything, but they often observe links between certain phenomena.
Scientists doubt that any form of life exists on the planet.
Scientists doubt that roaches feel pain like humans do.
Scientists doubt that the planet has any form of life.
Scientists doubt the veracity of the survey conducted to write about the claimed miracle.
Scientists draw clear distinction.
Scientists draw distinction.
Scientists draw inference.
Scientists drill through the deep ice to collect ice cores.
Scientists duplicate the DNA carrying the genetic information for the growth hormone.
Scientists emphasize how critical the first ten years of life are in terms of brain development.
Scientists employ innovative strategies.
Scientists employ protocols.
Scientists employ research protocols.
Scientists employ strategies.
Scientists employ the methods of scientific inquiry to develop a body of knowledge or theory.
Scientists employ theories.
Scientists employing scientific methods can inform decision makers faced with difficult issues.
Scientists encase each column of five devices in a vacuum-sealed chamber.
Scientists engage in almost constant study of the Sea Turtles that nest in Florida.
Scientists enhance their employment opportunities by gaining international experience.
Scientists enter fields.
Scientists enter territory.
Scientists envision injecting oil under pressure into the base of existing wells.
Scientists essentially try to uncover secrets in a collaborative environment.
Scientists establish fields.
Scientists estimate an increase by up to six degrees during the next century.
Scientists estimate only one percent of the species of plants and animals are preserved as fossils.
Scientists estimate size.
Scientists estimate some microbial communities to be millions of years old.
Scientists estimate that about half escapes into the atmosphere.
Scientists estimate that about one-fifth of the earth's land surface is desert.
Scientists estimate that about one-quarter of the nitrogen entering the Bay is from the air.
Scientists estimate that half the ozone in Southern Ontario is due to American sources.
Scientists estimate that inspectors catch only between two and twenty percent of what comes in.
Scientists estimate that less than one percent of the entire ridge system has been explored.
Scientists estimate that lightning can travel at around one mile per minute.
Scientists estimate that millions of tons of toxic pollutants are released into the air each year.
Scientists estimate that more than two-thirds of the earth's coral reefs are at risk or in decline.
Scientists estimate that most of the dark matter in our universe is made up of unusual particles.
Scientists estimate that only a small fraction of rain forest species have been identified.
Scientists estimate that species are dying out at hundreds of times the natural rate.
Scientists estimate that such reversals occur about every one-half to one million years.
Scientists estimate that the hawksbill turtle requires twenty years to reach reproductive age.
Scientists estimate that the meteorite was about six miles in diameter.
Scientists estimate that the sinkhole acted as a trap for as long as seven hundred years.
Scientists estimate that three-quarters of Canada is at significant risk of biodiversity loss.
Scientists estimate that twice that number remain undiscovered.
Scientists estimate that virtually all puppies have roundworm.
Scientists estimate there are over one million brown tree snakes on Guam.
Scientists evaluate control methods.
Scientists evaluate methods.
Scientists evaluate values.
Scientists examine a deposit for pollen and remnants of plants and animals.
Scientists examine artificial gravity .
Scientists examine aspects.
Scientists examine effects.
Scientists examine evidence of physical differences between the brains of men and women.
Scientists examine fecal samples.
Scientists examine importance.
Scientists examine plate tectonics, one of the most important discoveries of the twentieth century.
Scientists examine samples.
Scientists examine specimens.
Scientists exercise faith in their instruments and their own powers of observation.
Scientists expect all three types of neutrinos to be emitted from a supernova.
Scientists expect earthquake activity to continue.
Scientists expect eclipse to shed light on some of sun's mysteries.
Scientists expect individualized medicine to emerge within the next three to five years.
Scientists expect it to arrive late today.
Scientists expect problems to worsen if global warming upsets rainfall patterns.
Scientists expect such trends to continue as the life expectancy of both men and women increase.
Scientists expect that some environmental contaminant is causing the problem.
Scientists expect the answer to be yes.
Scientists expect the decoding of the rest of the chromosomes to come quickly.
Scientists expect the mouse to be the workhorse in the effort to understand how genes work.
Scientists expect the network to be operating in a year or two.
Scientists expect the situation to get worse, with the world entering a new era of hurricanes.
Scientists expect the space station to put on a good show when it returns.
Scientists expect the weather to change substantially.
Scientists expect things to go on getting worse for some years yet before they start to improve.
Scientists expect to begin drilling at two different sites in Virginia.
Scientists expect to discover other genes linked in a similar way to the disorder.
Scientists expect to have all the sediment out of that area within the week.
Scientists expect to monitor how humans change the area.
Scientists expect to retreive less than one ounce of comet dust.
Scientists expect to see smaller Antarctic ozone holes beginning some time in the next few years.
Scientists expect to see water ice in the soil.
Scientists explain capacity.
Scientists explain it as all related to the search for a mate.
Scientists explain that adaptations come about through the process of evolution.
Scientists explain that antioxidants work together to reduce free radicals to safer levels.
Scientists explain the bio-chemical reactions that determine our thoughts, feelings, and actions.
Scientists explain the current breeding programs for the giant tortoises and land iguanas.
Scientists explain why they study loon feathers.
Scientists explore harvesting tissue from cadavers for experimentation, transplantation.
Scientists explore ideas.
Scientists explore mysteries.
Scientists explore new ideas.
Scientists explore past and future generations.
Scientists explore potential.
Scientists explore the answers.
Scientists explore the connection between black holes and neutron stars .
Scientists explore the landscape of Mars and chart the human genome.
Scientists explore the nature of matter and energy.
Scientists explore the universe to gather information to learn more about the universe.
Scientists express heat in terms of the joule, a unit used for all forms of energy.
Scientists extend investigations.
Scientists extend observations.
Scientists extend their stays after meetings for family vacations.
Scientists exult at right whales' birthrate surge They're calling it a baby boom.
Scientists face problems.
Scientists face several challenges.
Scientists favor quantifiable experiments and surveys.
Scientists fear bears losing sleep over garbage.
Scientists fear disasters.
Scientists fear that the numbers of most small cats are declining for two reasons.
Scientists feel as if they are watching negotiations over the fate of Earth.
Scientists feel presence.
Scientists feel that birds possess a sense of touch much like humans.
Scientists feel that by improving our knowledge of nature they can benefit mankind.
Scientists fight brush with imported insects.
Scientists fight killer virus from outer space.
Scientists fight to bring the American chestnut tree back to life .
Scientists fight to keep it on the curriculum.
Scientists figure out how to make better computers.
Scientists file lawsuit seeking access to study the skeleton.
Scientists file motion requesting raw computer data.
Scientists finally find where to scratch.
Scientists finally have a good idea of how and why it occurs.
Scientists finally transform mouse marrow stem cells into nervous tissue.
Scientists find a link between gene mutation, risk of suicide.
Scientists find a way to travel to the past .
Scientists find a way to travel to the past.
Scientists find abundant inductive evidence, but a rigorous proof is strictly lacking.
Scientists find animals.
Scientists find answers.
Scientists find areas.
Scientists find asteroids interesting for several reasons.
Scientists find biospheres.
Scientists find capability.
Scientists find cause of death of brain cells.
Scientists find consequences.
Scientists find drug alternatives.
Scientists find early warning signs of violent solar storms.
Scientists find evidence of many ferns in North America after the impact.
Scientists find evidence.
Scientists find feedback.
Scientists find functions.
Scientists find fungus compound that mimics insulin.
Scientists find gases.
Scientists find gene defect at heart of crippling ailment.
Scientists find gene for rare condition.
Scientists find genes that speed evolution.
Scientists find global warming effect on desert.
Scientists find holes etched in silicon chips can migrate .
Scientists find hydrates around hydrocarbon seeps in the Gulf of Mexico.
Scientists find ideas.
Scientists find information.
Scientists find it difficult to forecast the regional impacts of climate change.
Scientists find it hard to communicate outside their specialities.
Scientists find it hard to communicate outside thir specialities.
Scientists find it has something to do with bubbles.
Scientists find it useful, too.
Scientists find methods.
Scientists find new approach to developing medications to prevent relapse to cocaine use .
Scientists find new evidence in their studies.
Scientists find orbits.
Scientists find out about the world by experimenting and interpreting the results.
Scientists find particular scientific theories.
Scientists find plots.
Scientists find results.
Scientists find scientific theories.
Scientists find signs of a pollutant's subtle hormonelike influence on human reproductive cycles.
Scientists find skull of early human.
Scientists find some neutron stars within the glow their supernova remnant.
Scientists find some surprising answers to the greatest mystery on earth.
Scientists find surprising trigger for spring plant growth.
Scientists find that during the growing season, land plants can be used to measure drought.
Scientists find that grasslands can act as 'Carbon sinks' .
Scientists find that the superclusters are moving away from one another.
Scientists find the evidence underwhelming.
Scientists find the hidden nursen'es of black caiman.
Scientists find the meteorite that killed the dinosaurs.
Scientists find the solar system's hottest surfaces on Jupiter's moon Io.
Scientists find theories.
Scientists find wave functions.
Scientists find way to disrupt microbes.
Scientists find ways to predict huge solar magnetic storms.
Scientists finish mapping floor of Crater Lake .
Scientists first determine how much DNA there is for analysis.
Scientists first formulate hypotheses , or predictions, about nature.
Scientists first have to mislead themselves before they can mislead others.
Scientists first review existing data on the chemicals in the product.
Scientists fit the largest pieces of the climate puzzle together first.
Scientists flatten silicon crystals into little circles called wafers.
Scientists flock to Memphis to conduct research, share their data, and asses the damage.
Scientists flock to Wisconsin to study a really rare dragonfly.
Scientists fly a small jet to look at the northern lights.
Scientists focus attention.
Scientists focus on areas.
Scientists focus on exciting topics that have implications for social policy.
Scientists focus on mass.
Scientists focus on methods.
Scientists focus on roles.
Scientists follow a careful process to remove rust and salt deposits from each recovered artifact.
Scientists follow many steps to determine safety risks.
Scientists follow radio signals from the air and ground.
Scientists follow rules of argument to advance their ideas.
Scientists follow safety rules.
Scientists forecast that microorganisms are very likely to increase in number and diversity.
Scientists form an international community.
Scientists form societies.
Scientists formulate and test their explanations of nature using observation and experiments.
Scientists formulate and test their explanations using observations and experiments.
Scientists formulate theories.
Scientists freeze the brain tissue, slice it, and then take photos of the slices.
Scientists function outside the constraints of traditional academic disciplines.
Scientists further agree that the bays are drying up.
Scientists gather around, talking excitedly, observing and recording their measurements.
Scientists gather as much information as they can before making predictions.
Scientists gather data and formulate theories based on what they have.
Scientists gather evidence.
Scientists gather knowledge.
Scientists gather theories.
Scientists gauge the health of a river by sampling the population of aquatic insects.
Scientists generally agree that further action is needed to curb species and habitat loss.
Scientists generally agree that human life can be extended, but are divided about how much.
Scientists generally agree that lizards are the evolutionary forefathers of snakes.
Scientists generally agree that natural and man-made forces are slowly killing the swamp and marsh.
Scientists generally agree that our world had a beginning.
Scientists generally agree that play fosters healthy development of young and adult animals alike.
Scientists generally agree upon the existence of four basic forces.
Scientists generally agree.
Scientists generally believe humans are too skinny to be appetizing for most sharks.
Scientists generally believe the cure for pseudoscience is to raise science literacy.
Scientists generally carry on their research projects with some idea of what they expect to find.
Scientists generally come out of the report well.
Scientists generally conceptualize time as moving in a direction from past to future.
Scientists generally concur that excess fat can significantly shorten one's life span.
Scientists generally define fossils as being at least ten thousand years old.
Scientists generally divide our little blue world into four separate yet overlapping spheres.
Scientists generally do a lousy job conveying the relevance of their work.
Scientists generally do learn from their mistakes.
Scientists generally expect journals to help in enforcing community standards.
Scientists generally prefer deduction over induction, but one has to work with what data one has.
Scientists generally refer to old forests as old-growth.
Scientists generally refer to smaller bodies of flowing water as streams and larger ones as rivers.
Scientists generally support irradiation as a way to reduce food-borne illnesses.
Scientists generally think in terms of hard facts.
Scientists generally use hectopascals to measure air pressure.
Scientists generally use the term acid deposition but all three terms relate to the same issue.
Scientists generally work in metric units.
Scientists Get a biography on almost any scientist.
Scientists get a grant to study more closely just what makes crops grow.
Scientists get A. tumefaciens to deliver genes of their choice.
Scientists get clues by looking at the insides of fossil skulls.
Scientists get evidence.
Scientists get hungry.
Scientists get ideas.
Scientists get information.
Scientists get into trouble, because they say yes, there is risk.
Scientists get much of their information by examining dead specimens.
Scientists give animals good care in laboratories.
Scientists give evidence.
Scientists give fish their scientific names.
Scientists give subjects.
Scientists glean clues to the volcano's future behavior by analyzing the past.
Scientists go a little further by analyzing the experiment results and forming a conclusion.
Scientists go down many paths that turn out to be dead ends.
Scientists go dredging in the dead of winter because they know blue crabs are easier to find.
Scientists grow a human ear on the back of a mouse.
Scientists grow crystals of proteins and viruses to understand their molecular structure.
Scientists grow hair without the use of drugs.
Scientists guess that between two and five billion birds make the annual journey.
Scientists guess that the bugs spiders eat in one year weigh as much as all the people on the Earth.
Scientists guess the colors of the dinosaurs based on habitats and lifestyles.
Scientists guess wrong all the time.
Scientists hand shoppers experiment cards with their own experimental number.
Scientists harness natural processes of biotechnology like fermentation to produce some medicines.
Scientists hasten to predict and prepare for a monster wave threatening California's coast.
Scientists have (part) arms.
Scientists have (part) body substances.
Scientists have (part) cell membranes.
Scientists have (part) cells.
Scientists have (part) corpi.
Scientists have (part) cytoplasm.
Scientists have (part) heads.
Scientists have (part) human bodies.
Scientists have (part) legs.
Scientists have (part) material bodies.
Scientists have (part) necks.
Scientists have (part) nuclei.
Scientists have (part) personality.
Scientists have (part) plasma membranes.
Scientists have (part) sections.
Scientists have (part) vacuoles.
Scientists have a comfort zone.
Scientists have a different explanation.
Scientists have a duty to be incredibly responsible for developing realistic studies.
Scientists have a duty to make their knowledge available for the betterment of humanity.
Scientists have a general consensus about what constitutes good experimental design.
Scientists have a general understanding of the geologic processes that formed the Andes.
Scientists have a head start in 'it' pdf .
Scientists have a life - they travel, they have cars, they buy insurance.
Scientists have a lot more work to do before they can say there once was life on Mars.
Scientists have a more open view about the world.
Scientists have a more perfect road to knowledge than do philosophers.
Scientists have a number of different methods to determine a likely place to start an excavation.
Scientists have a number of ways to detect climatic changes preserved in ancient ice.
Scientists have a numbering system for the brightness of stars.
Scientists have a partial insight into the genetics of osteoporosis.
Scientists have a particularly important role to play in science education reform.
Scientists have a plan.
Scientists have a pretty good idea how cells handle excess amounts of metals.
Scientists have a pretty good idea of the age of each lava flow.
Scientists have a problem with that.
Scientists have a professional obligation to advocate the results of their research.
Scientists have a rank structure, just like the military.
Scientists have a responsibility to stem an increase in research expenditures.
Scientists have a right to be suspicious of Bigfoot evidence.
Scientists have a role in environmental decision making, but the public is the final arbitrator.
Scientists have a social duty to perform.
Scientists have a social responsibility.
Scientists have a special for classifying plants and animals.
Scientists have a system for naming all the living organisms on earth.
Scientists have a tendency to be enamored with the scientific method.
Scientists have a tradition of writing equations in certain ways.
Scientists have about eight years to do experiments on the road full time.
Scientists have access to monitoring of processes that enable prediction.
Scientists have ample evidence that Mars was once a wet place, but it has no liquid water now.
Scientists have ample evidence to prove the inaccuracy of such views.
Scientists have ample opportunities for comparison of good and bad talks.
Scientists have an absolute disdain for any explanatory powers of miracles.
Scientists have an ethical obligation to submit creditable research results for publication.
Scientists have an unquestioned faith in questioning everything.
Scientists have an unusual way to figure out how old a killer whale is.
Scientists have areas.
Scientists have biases that influence their work.
Scientists have big egos.
Scientists have certain responsibilities to live up to.
Scientists have chances.
Scientists have classified regions of the world into different biomes.
Scientists have code.
Scientists have confidence.
Scientists have contact.
Scientists have degrees.
Scientists have details.
Scientists have diets.
Scientists have different ideas.
Scientists have different opinions about what constitutes a species or a subspecies.
Scientists have different views about marine ecosystem recovery.
Scientists have difficulty observing the actual movement of the particles that atoms are made of.
Scientists have difficulty.
Scientists have direct experience.
Scientists have documentation.
Scientists have doubts about the safety of mobile phones.
Scientists have ethical code.
Scientists have ethical traditions.
Scientists have even more hopeful developments in the works.
Scientists have evidence that the cloud tops continue to grow even after the rain has fallen out.
Scientists have experience.
Scientists have far more influence.
Scientists have few clues to go on.
Scientists have for the first time repaired a genetic mutation that causes disease in animals.
Scientists have geological evidence of the consequences of long-ago climate change.
Scientists have glass.
Scientists have good reason to no longer believe in the spontaneous generation of insects.
Scientists have good weather records available from the past century, and then some.
Scientists have graduate degrees.
Scientists have great furnaces and can achieve the same temperatures in a lab - no problem here.
Scientists have however various theories as to why cancer strikes.
Scientists have ideas.
Scientists have identified several different species including it is thought a tyranosaurus.
Scientists have identified some of the genetic alterations, or mutations, that are responsible.
Scientists have information.
Scientists have interest.
Scientists have little pre-spill information, for instance, about the population of harlequin ducks.
Scientists have many attempts to force the unfortunate proteus to metamorphose, but in vain.
Scientists have many examples to point to that microevolution occurs.
Scientists have many guesses on what happened to the dinosaurs at the end of the dinosaur age.
Scientists have many methods of characterizing the gamma-ray bursts that are observed.
Scientists have many theories about that too.
Scientists have many theories about the cause of the sudden disaster.
Scientists have many theories about what caused the extinction of dinosaurs.
Scientists have many tools to understand the properties of a distant light source.
Scientists have moral obligation.
Scientists have much to learn about the way aerosols affect regional and global climate.
Scientists have much to share and much to learn when they link to teachers and students.
Scientists have new evidence placing blame solidly on the Siberian eruptions.
Scientists have new ideas.
Scientists have no explanation to offer.
Scientists have no idea what it was or who it was related to.
Scientists have no idea.
Scientists have no way of knowing yet which women fall into that category.
Scientists have only incomplete explanations for the overall cause.
Scientists have only the present to work with.
Scientists have opportunity.
Scientists have other concerns.
Scientists have other tools that they use.
Scientists have particular concerns about their effects on the developing brains of children.
Scientists have pictures of clouds on Mars.
Scientists have pictures.
Scientists have plants.
Scientists have problems assuring that the viral vectors apply themselves to the correct cells.
Scientists have responsibilities that are real and great.
Scientists have results.
Scientists have rules that they work by called conservation laws.
Scientists have several different theories that explain why the dinosaurs disappeared.
Scientists have several hypotheses.
Scientists have several theories about the nature of dark matter.
Scientists have several theories about what is causing the increase.
Scientists have several theories as to why.
Scientists have significantly less confidence in regional or national climate forecasts.
Scientists have similar ideas.
Scientists have some clues as to why coral reefs off Guam are disappearing.
Scientists have some good news and some bad news for ozone watchers.
Scientists have some ideas about which parent's gene is activated during imprinting.
Scientists have some success against disease with nicotine.
Scientists have some surprising answers.
Scientists have something of a love-hate relationship with fish.
Scientists have still to confirm when they first appeared on Earth.
Scientists have strong emotional responses to their own ideas.
Scientists have subjects.
Scientists have substitutes for some components of blood.
Scientists have such discussions now and then about the core assumptions of their disciplines.
Scientists have talent.
Scientists have the ability to see how cocaine actually affects brain function in people.
Scientists have the benefit of observing the results.
Scientists have the gene for shyness.
Scientists have the knowledge to interpret the facts.
Scientists have the obligation to make prudent judgments in research.
Scientists have the opportunity to monitor temperature by observing such phase changes.
Scientists have the responsibility to consider the ethical questions created by their work.
Scientists have the responsibility to treat research animals with care and compassion.
Scientists have the same trouble with air pressure.
Scientists have the technology to continuously measure weather and climatic conditions on land.
Scientists have their own ideas.
Scientists have their own language.
Scientists have their peer-review standards for publishing and government grants.
Scientists have to be able to talk to the instrument, send it commands and download data.
Scientists have to be creative to carry out research.
Scientists have to be imported.
Scientists have to be part of the policy decisions process.
Scientists have to challenge well-known facts of one type or another every day.
Scientists have to collaborate, and teachers and students connect across national boundaries.
Scientists have to examine diversity at many other levels between kingdom and species.
Scientists have to get together to co-ordinate our efforts.
Scientists have to learn how to isolate and deliver curative genes.
Scientists have to map the seven chromosome groups that form the genetic material of wheat.
Scientists have to plan a manmade satellite's trip in advance.
Scientists have to project their knowledge and technology to the building of houses for the people.
Scientists have to prove something.
Scientists have to study the proteins to understand what's wrong.
Scientists have to think backwards to solve a lot of their research questions.
Scientists have to work very hard to make the laser light stay the proper color.
Scientists have trouble seeing the real world.
Scientists have two hypotheses.
Scientists have unique opportunity.
Scientists have very little information on the cocoon.
Scientists have ways.
Scientists have yet to agree about the extent of current biological losses.
Scientists have yet to answer the second question.
Scientists have yet to conclusively determine the cues for ridley arribadas.
Scientists have yet to confirm what the real purpose of the panda's coloration is.
Scientists have yet to decipher the chemical maze triggered by a simple thought.
Scientists have yet to determine how much carbon the oceans and land can absorb.
Scientists have yet to determine if the new dromaeosaur represents a new species.
Scientists have yet to determine if the same corn grown in fields is as risky.
Scientists have yet to determine whether feigning death is deliberate or an involuntary reaction.
Scientists have yet to develop a hammer that packs the raw banging power of granite or limestone.
Scientists have yet to discover a single example of one species changing into another.
Scientists have yet to discover certain facts about fireflies.
Scientists have yet to discover how the eagles are contracting it.
Scientists have yet to discover the specific neurological malfunctions that cause dystonias.
Scientists have yet to discover whether such nerves and bulbs are functional.
Scientists have yet to discover why.
Scientists have yet to find a viable way to combat red tide blooms.
Scientists have yet to find out.
Scientists have yet to give it a common name.
Scientists have yet to identify the crops being grown, however.
Scientists have yet to identify the route of infection, but clues still point to sick pigs.
Scientists have yet to identify the substance of the material, however.
Scientists have yet to pinpoint the cause for the change.
Scientists have yet to prove exactly how music is therapeutic.
Scientists have yet to say what, specifically, causes ulcers.
Scientists have yet to study the artwork due to a dispute over who owns the rights to the cave.
Scientists have yet to succeed in cloning primates.
Scientists have yet to test whether the chemical has a protective effect in people.
Scientists have yet to unravel the so-called moon illusion.
Scientists hear the ticking, too.
Scientists heat animal tissue to extremely high temperatures until atoms begin to emit light.
Scientists help procedures.
Scientists here breed plants for disease and pest resistance to help increase crop yields.
Scientists here listen for intergalactic transmissions.
Scientists here say that s like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
Scientists here say that's like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
Scientists here study how fertilizers, pesticides and even eroded soil move through the watershed.
Scientists here study sea currents, icebergs, fish and marine mammals.
Scientists historically are very uncomfortable about talking about risk.
Scientists hold degrees.
Scientists hold divergent opinions on the matter.
Scientists hold out hope for Mars life for a couple of reasons.
Scientists hold that all truly scientific theories are capable of being falsified.
Scientists hope cheap date gene defect can be found in humans too.
Scientists hope eventually to locate the genes responsible for inherited disorders.
Scientists hope it is a race they can win.
Scientists hope other ants can then compete better against the weakened imported fire ants.
Scientists hope such studies can lead to better methods for treating nicotine addiction.
Scientists hope that it is possible to reconstruct one individual.
Scientists hope that the creation of young cells through cloning can treat diseases in humans.
Scientists hope that through research and technology they can improve panda numbers.
Scientists hope the cause is something temporary, like the weather.
Scientists hope the cells can generate tissue for transplants or other treatments for diseases.
Scientists hope the gigantic field of dishes can tune in to alien civilizations.
Scientists hope the penetrators detect ice.
Scientists hope the study reveals how to manipulate processes to improve plant growth on Earth.
Scientists hope they'll make the best map ever of the planet.
Scientists hope to achieve higher levels with better promoters and transit peptides.
Scientists hope to analyze the flesh of the mammoth to learn more about how they lived long ago.
Scientists hope to be able to grow complicated organs such as hearts, livers and kidneys.
Scientists hope to be able to grow pig cells and organs which are compatible with the human body.
Scientists hope to be able to see individual cones and rods.
Scientists hope to begin human studies soon.
Scientists hope to clarify what the nature of the dark matter is.
Scientists hope to cut the length by another half in future.
Scientists hope to determine the origins of many different elements.
Scientists hope to discover what protects sharks from disease.
Scientists hope to encourage the microbe's mischief by formulating it into a mycoherbicide spray.
Scientists hope to ensure that consumers who buy the grass get authentic material.
Scientists hope to figure out ways to keep unwanted fish out of nets.
Scientists hope to finally pinpoint when asthma begins and what causes it.
Scientists hope to find a solution and even a cure.
Scientists hope to find out if global warming's behind it.
Scientists hope to find out why.
Scientists hope to find some DNA preserved in the carcass' tissues.
Scientists hope to find ways to stimulate the growth of new brain cells.
Scientists hope to gather data about neutrinos from the cores of the reactors.
Scientists hope to gather unique data transmitted from the very surface of the asteroid itself.
Scientists hope to genetically engineer bacteria to produce the mussel superglue.
Scientists hope to get a clearer picture of how humans affect our environment.
Scientists hope to get that accuracy down to one millimeter.
Scientists hope to identify organisms which demonstrate anticancer characteristics.
Scientists hope to know much more once experiments are completed.
Scientists hope to learn about the composition of matter by studying the element, however.
Scientists hope to learn even more in the years to come.
Scientists hope to learn how the castes develop.
Scientists hope to learn more about asteroids in case one ever comes near Earth.
Scientists hope to learn more about how Europa interacts with Jupiter's vast magnetic field.
Scientists hope to learn more about the climate history of the planet.
Scientists hope to learn more about the weather patterns on Earth.
Scientists hope to learn much about the composition of Jupiter's atmosphere from the probe.
Scientists hope to learn why.
Scientists hope to map the bacterium's genome to find ways to make the vines resistant to it.
Scientists hope to monitor the jellyfish through the winter.
Scientists hope to pick up evidence of water or ice under the surface.
Scientists hope to restore youthfulness in the elderly by replacing hormones.
Scientists hope to retrieve as many ice cores as possible from tropical glaciers in coming years.
Scientists hope to scan all of their targets at least twice.
Scientists hope to start at the molecular level and build circuits atom by atom.
Scientists hope to study the method on a larger group as soon as next year.
Scientists hope to tap deep deposits of natural gas in areas near Japan.
Scientists hope to then introduce the modified mosquitoes into the malaria-carrying population.
Scientists hope to uncover the migration route of humpback whales.
Scientists hope to use telemetry to track whales and monitor local habitat use.
Scientists hope to use the backyard count to learn about migration patterns.
Scientists hope to use the gene to suppress cancer tumor growth.
Scientists hope to use the new species to develop disease-resistant variety of corns.
Scientists hope to use the results of the experiments for research into the ageing process.
Scientists hope to use the stations to test how human beings live and work in space.
Scientists hope to use the technique to improve forecasts of deadly weather.
Scientists hope to use the technique to monitor leptin levels in breeder birds.
Scientists hope to use the technology to create more nutritious crops or food containing vaccines.
Scientists hunting alien planets have a new string for their bows.
Scientists hypothesize that if water moves around on Mars, it does so as water vapor.
Scientists hypothesize that repeated withdrawals sensitize parts of the brain to anxiety.
Scientists identify area of brain for disgust.
Scientists identify cases.
Scientists identify components.
Scientists identify designs.
Scientists identify dyslexia gene - details of the latest research breakthrough.
Scientists identify gene in fish odor syndrome.
Scientists identify issues.
Scientists identify materials.
Scientists identify patterns.
Scientists identify plastic materials.
Scientists identify possible taste bud detector for sweetness.
Scientists identify problems, form hypotheses and test the hypotheses in experiments.
Scientists identify seven main varieties of the virus.
Scientists identify sites.
Scientists identify special plastic materials.
Scientists identify specific animals with photographs of their flukes.
Scientists identify the segment using specific enzymes and then remove it.
Scientists identify 'the sweet tooth gene'.
Scientists immunize rats against some effects of cocaine.
Scientists improve desalination plants to turn ocean water into drinking water.
Scientists increasingly claim to have identified a gene linked to a behavior.
Scientists increasingly look at stress as an important factor in the origin of illness.
Scientists indicate targets of interest by pointing at examples in the available imagery.
Scientists infer and predict things based on their observations.
Scientists infer that the first invertebrates evolved from a. simple vertebrates.
Scientists infer that the whale has evolved from an ancestor that once had legs.
Scientists initiate the collaboration.
Scientists insert a single gene or a series of genes into crops to create desired attributes.
Scientists insist on using the scientific method to defend their position with scientific facts.
Scientists insist that it can be done.
Scientists insist that time is only a perception, anyway.
Scientists interpret facts.
Scientists interview candidates and make the final selection.
Scientists introduce concepts.
Scientists investigate conservation.
Scientists investigate habitat conservation.
Scientists investigate ideas.
Scientists investigate interest.
Scientists investigate own interest.
Scientists investigate problems.
Scientists investigate strategies.
Scientists investigate the locations and properties of genes with advanced laboratory methods.
Scientists involve in development.
Scientists involve in issues.
Scientists involve in management issues.
Scientists involve in science.
Scientists involve in weed science.
Scientists involved in cloning, whether for medical or reproductive purposes, deserve encouragement.
Scientists involved in the conduct of the programme voluntarily contribute their expertise and time.
Scientists isolate a spermatazoon for the first time.
Scientists join by filling out an online sign-up form.
Scientists join lots of virtual teams to collaborate on research problems.
Scientists join researchers.
Scientists just have bigger and more expensive toys.
Scientists just have to find the right way to present it to the worms.
Scientists just shake their heads and say it is some vestigal ability.
Scientists just start with the wild experiments and are over the deep end before anyone realizes it.
Scientists just try to understand it.
Scientists keep an eye out for new outbreaks of a rare mosquito-borne virus.
Scientists keep doing research on ways to prevent and treat dengue .
Scientists keep doing research on ways to prevent and treat dengue.
Scientists keep journals.
Scientists keep notebooks that summarize their experiments.
Scientists keep track of all the different types of animals with a system they call classifying.
Scientists keep tracks.
Scientists keep working on creating a vaccine to protect people from all four types of dengue .
Scientists keep working on creating a vaccine to protect people from all four types of dengue.
Scientists know a distinct human life begins at conception.
Scientists know a great deal about genetics, and it is time for others to catch up.
Scientists know a great deal about individual neurons.
Scientists know a lot about the forest itself.
Scientists know a lot about the smaller.
Scientists know a tornado is forming when they spot a particular shape on the radar screen.
Scientists know about a pea plant that eats so much iron it dies.
Scientists know about moas only from fossils and archaeological digs.
Scientists know about survival.
Scientists know all there is to know about the solar system.
Scientists know almost nothing about ocean circulation under the ice shelf.
Scientists know because fossils have been found on dry land.
Scientists know best.
Scientists know earthquakes.
Scientists know exactly what is happening when soap combines with dirt and grease.
Scientists know for a fact that matter is all there is.
Scientists know for certain that the male hormone testosterone fuels the cancer once it is sparked.
Scientists know functions.
Scientists know great deal about the stars that shine at night.
Scientists know how to grow cells.
Scientists know in order to inquire.
Scientists know investigations.
Scientists know it is politically risky to move too far ahead without public support.
Scientists know it.
Scientists know less about Antarctica than any other continent.
Scientists know little about how children develop their sleeping habits.
Scientists know little about how tubeworms reproduce.
Scientists know little about the behavior of tapeworms in the intestines of their hosts.
Scientists know little about the meaning of whale sounds.
Scientists know little about the migration of tropical bats.
Scientists know little about variations of glucoraphanin and sulforaphane in broccoli varieties.
Scientists know little about what happens when lightning hits water.
Scientists know little about where hatchlings go once they hit the sea.
Scientists know little information about it.
Scientists know little of the biochemistry, molecular biology, and genetics of pressure adaptation.
Scientists know little, except that the beings speak Spanish.
Scientists know makers.
Scientists know much about death rate and the related life span of many organisms.
Scientists know smog as ground level ozone.
Scientists know some diseases such as cystic fibrosis are caused by a single defective gene.
Scientists know some of the reasons.
Scientists know spiders.
Scientists know that a single genetic mutation gives rise to blue eyes.
Scientists know that absolute accuracy is impossible.
Scientists know that albatrosses nest on Tern Island in Hawaii.
Scientists know that almost all modern galaxies have supermassive black holes in their centers.
Scientists know that cannabis plants make a group of chemicals called cannabinoids.
Scientists know that countless other useful compounds await discovery.
Scientists know that different molecules absorb light only at certain wavelengths.
Scientists know that dioxin is one of the most toxic chemicals ever studied.
Scientists know that each dolphin has a signature whistle.
Scientists know that endocrine systems can be adversely affected by a wide variety of substances.
Scientists know that energy always changes from high to low quality when work is performed.
Scientists know that falling water releases negative ions.
Scientists know that gene mutations contribute to cancer development.
Scientists know that global average temperatures are rising.
Scientists know that global warming can raise ocean temperatures and affect currents.
Scientists know that global warming is real and heating up the planet.
Scientists know that hormones often override judgment and common sense in many people.
Scientists know that hot air rises and carries the moisture with it.
Scientists know that humans have fewer genes than they once predicted.
Scientists know that in nature antibiotic resistance genes can pass from one organism to another.
Scientists know that iridium is much more common in asteroids and meteors than it is on Earth.
Scientists know that is true by picking up conch and looking at their reproductive organs.
Scientists know that it, too, is encased in crater-saturated ice.
Scientists know that lightning is a steady current of positive electrons.
Scientists know that models channel observations and drive interpretations.
Scientists know that modern-day soil bacteria spores can revive after many years.
Scientists know that only huge quantities of methanol can affect vision.
Scientists know that other types of one-celled creatures can perform similar chemical breakdown.
Scientists know that ozone-destroying industrial chemicals are the major cause of ozone loss.
Scientists know that pigs can easily get retroviruses.
Scientists know that plants respond actively to their environment.
Scientists know that plants try to use as much energy as they can.
Scientists know that rattlesnakes use their rattles to sound a warning when they feel threatened.
Scientists know that roots are the most important part of a plant.
Scientists know that science is based on assumptions and they're normally content with that.
Scientists know that sleep is necessary.
Scientists know that some insects change color when their populations increase.
Scientists know that some kinds of proteins cause the immune system to attack cells.
Scientists know that some people have higher metabolic rates than others.
Scientists know that sound waves in the atmosphere correspond to similar waves underground.
Scientists know that soybean varieties absorb water at different rates and in varying amounts.
Scientists know that stress can cause problems with memory and problem solving.
Scientists know that stromatelites mad a vital difference to the atmosphere of the planet.
Scientists know that superfluids form quantum whirlpools when they rotate.
Scientists know that the debris picked up by a tornado makes it stronger.
Scientists know that the flight muscle of an insect burns more oxygen than any other animal tissue.
Scientists know that the heart sends neurological information to the brain and the rest of the body.
Scientists know that the more assumptions they put into a hypothesis, the more likely it has a flaw.
Scientists know that the more weathered the oil, the harder it is to degrade.
Scientists know that the protein myosin is the main molecular motor of muscle.
Scientists know that their results always contain errors.
Scientists know that there is weather on Mars.
Scientists know that tobacco causes lung cancer.
Scientists know that tobacco causes lungs cancer.
Scientists know that traditional drugs are safe for everyone after clinical trails are completed.
Scientists know that various forms of prions have been around for a long time.
Scientists know that very few discoveries and inventions are made of whole cloth.
Scientists know that weight loss increases the risk of gallstone formation.
Scientists know that when an object is moving in a direction, it tends to keep going that way.
Scientists know that while morphine is a stimulant in dogs, it has the opposite effect in people.
Scientists know that.
Scientists know the baseline distance, and they can figure the angle of sight.
Scientists know the importance of using the most advanced techniques possible.
Scientists know the key to that change was the domestication of wildanimals and crops.
Scientists know the location and mechanism of certain genes.
Scientists know the po ouli eats snails, but little else.
Scientists know the truth.
Scientists know theories.
Scientists know they existed because they have found skeletons buried in the ground.
Scientists know Titan has a thick atmosphere, which is unusual for a moon.
Scientists know very little about spider venom.
Scientists know very little about the chemical properties of curium.
Scientists know very little about the chemical, physical, and structural properties of gas hydrates.
Scientists know very little about the habits of the young because they are so secretive.
Scientists know very little about the jaguarundi.
Scientists know very little about the mysterious organism.
Scientists know what levels are safe and standards for exposure have been developed.
Scientists know what they are looking at and know when they are looking at something very unusual.
Scientists know when conditions are ripe for tornadoes to form.
Scientists know, for example, that species characteristics vary depending on latitude.
Scientists know, roughly, the average amounts of thorium in food and drinking water.
Scientists largely agree that no completely safe mechanism exists for disposing of sludge.
Scientists later realize such transplants jeopardize native fish.
Scientists later retrieve the animal and can interpret the information that is obtained.
Scientists laugh at the very concept.
Scientists launch computer-simulated tsunamis at a digital representation of a coastline.
Scientists launch survey of reef health.
Scientists launch trials.
Scientists lay blame on the bighorn demise to some sort of disease.
Scientists lead teams.
Scientists learn a lot by observing things in nature and in the classroom or laboratory.
Scientists learn about apes.
Scientists learn about critters.
Scientists learn about dinosaurs from fossils, the records and remains of ancient living things.
Scientists learn about dinosaurs.
Scientists learn about effects.
Scientists learn about evolution.
Scientists learn about genetics.
Scientists learn about human genetics.
Scientists learn about jellyfish.
Scientists learn about monkeys.
Scientists learn about rats.
Scientists learn about the causes of cancer from specific observations.
Scientists learn about the eating habits of owls by identifying the remains of prey in such pellets.
Scientists learn about the make up and energy levels of atoms by studying UV rays.
Scientists learn about their subject by observing, describing, and experimenting.
Scientists learn areas.
Scientists learn biology.
Scientists learn causes.
Scientists learn effects.
Scientists learn from the society they live in, such as from teachers.
Scientists learn growth.
Scientists learn life.
Scientists learn lots.
Scientists learn more advanced science so they can further advance science.
Scientists learn much from comparing the structures of different proteins.
Scientists learn results.
Scientists learn size.
Scientists learn the age of rocks by measuring the amount of radioactive isotopes in the rocks.
Scientists learn to be skeptical, to question the accuracy of our ideas.
Scientists learn to convert from one scale to the other mathematically.
Scientists learn what is true, how to test hypotheses, and how to extend knowledge in their fields.
Scientists learn whole lots.
Scientists leave universities.
Scientists like to break up time into different periods just as historians do.
Scientists like to declare to have found evidence of their 'wisdom'.
Scientists like to define aging as a decline in functionality.
Scientists like to do the same experiment more than once.
Scientists like to find empirical explanations to account for past superstitions and prejudices.
Scientists like to keep their animals visible so they can focus on a certain characteristic.
Scientists like to repeat experiments.
Scientists like to solve problems.
Scientists like to use equations to predict the outcome of events.
Scientists like to watch over their experiments.
Scientists link a single gene to longer life in mice.
Scientists link increasing greenhouse gases in the atmosphere to Antarctica's rising temperatures.
Scientists link radiation and cancer.
Scientists link the bigger waves to changes in the Atlantic weather systems.
Scientists list different events as signs of global warming.
Scientists lists the elements in the periodic table in order of atomic number.
Scientists live and work from Aquarius amidst the equipment and comfort of a modern laboratory.
Scientists live and work in an underwater habitat.
Scientists live on the tension between two poles.
Scientists living there see it as the place where evolutionary theory is proved.
Scientists load notebook pages from their assigned volume into the laser printer.
Scientists lobby for a chimpanzee genome project.
Scientists locate a sense of humor.
Scientists locate sense of humor .
Scientists look at death.
Scientists look at evidence.
Scientists look at fabric of the ice as part of ice dynamics.
Scientists look at features.
Scientists look at fur and scat collections to track animals.
Scientists look at genetic evidence.
Scientists look at images.
Scientists look at knowledge.
Scientists look at mistakes as steps .
Scientists look at physical features.
Scientists look at the details and try to find out how they all cohere.
Scientists look at the vulnerability of all the species involved.
Scientists look for ancestors and descendants through geologic time.
Scientists look for either a flat area of the glacier or a dome-shaped area.
Scientists look for likely explanations by studying patterns and relationships within the evidence.
Scientists look for links between genetic markers and the disease.
Scientists look for signs of pollution in the superhighway in the sky.
Scientists look for similarities in behavior, coloration, body structure, and genetic makeup.
Scientists look for similarity.
Scientists look for something to measure.
Scientists look for tests to prove that a treatment is safe and also has some benefits.
Scientists look for ways to fight diseases that affect our lungs.
Scientists look for ways.
Scientists look to expand the study to further confirm the current clinical results.
Scientists look to penguins to gauge the health of our oceans and, in a larger sense, earth.
Scientists lose contact with solar craft.
Scientists love complexity, but funding agencies are often another matter.
Scientists love doing science.
Scientists love fractals.
Scientists love graphs, because they are a way to look at complex data in a visual way.
Scientists love lasers for their precision and power.
Scientists love mixtures.
Scientists love stones.
Scientists love to share information.
Scientists lower plankton nets into the Bering Sea.
Scientists maintain detailed notebooks, both for review and to share with the scientific community.
Scientists maintain distinction.
Scientists maintain knowledge.
Scientists make a general identification of viruses by the size of their coat proteins.
Scientists make all sorts of claims to know about the causes of things, like how plants make oxygen.
Scientists make assumptions.
Scientists make cells immortal Scientists have discovered a way of making cells immortal.
Scientists make certain assumptions.
Scientists make comparisons Scientists make measurements Scientists use tools and equipment.
Scientists make correct hypotheses.
Scientists make decisions.
Scientists make discoveries.
Scientists make distinction.
Scientists make excellent use of aquarium observations.
Scientists make health enhancing cheeses.
Scientists make hermaphrodite gene discovery.
Scientists make hypotheses all the time.
Scientists make hypotheses and theories about their fields of study .
Scientists make hypotheses and theories about their fields of study.
Scientists make hypotheses that they can test to explain the observations they have made.
Scientists make hypotheses.
Scientists make it feel like a college campus.
Scientists make judgments about the likely truth of a hypothesis or theory all the time.
Scientists make measurements and use video cameras to observe the experiments as they fall.
Scientists make mistakes also.
Scientists make mistakes.
Scientists make monoclonal antibodies by fusing two kinds of cells.
Scientists make new discoveries years before people are ready to accept their ethical consequences.
Scientists make new discoveries.
Scientists make new hair follicles in humans without using drugs.
Scientists make observations to try to answer their questions.
Scientists make observations.
Scientists make observations.
Scientists make other groups for things that are different.
Scientists make predictions.
Scientists make preparation.
Scientists make progress.
Scientists make recent discoveries.
Scientists make startle discoveries.
Scientists make term climate predictions.
Scientists make tests.
Scientists make the results of their investigation public.
Scientists make the results of their investigations public.
Scientists make up lies a lot.
Scientists manufacture pharmaceutical products through chemical synthesis.
Scientists map a bacterium's genetic code.
Scientists map first structure in important family of proteins .
Scientists map out entire genome sequence.
Scientists map the complete genome of an important agricultural bacterium .
Scientists mask certain antigens on the porcine cells that trigger the immune response.
Scientists may have assistants.
Scientists measure a number of different decay processes.
Scientists measure amounts.
Scientists measure earthquakes by using an instrument called a seismograph.
Scientists measure effects.
Scientists measure energy in units called joules.
Scientists measure frequencies in hertz.
Scientists measure heat in something called joules.
Scientists measure light transmittance with balloons.
Scientists measure magnetic fields in units of teslas and gauss.
Scientists measure primary production and the amount of animals in a system in terms of carbon.
Scientists measure radiation's effect on humans in units called rems.
Scientists measure ranges.
Scientists measure reactions in the gas phase , on surfaces and in water .
Scientists measure reactions in the gas phase, on surfaces and in water.
Scientists measure the amount of pore space by determining the rock's porosity .
Scientists measure the amount of radioactive energy deposited in tissue using a unit called a gray.
Scientists measure the amplitude in atmospheres.
Scientists measure the bulls for growth, soundness, carcass traits and fertility.
Scientists measure the efficiency and ease of peeling and processing.
Scientists measure the force needed to shear muscles.
Scientists measure the intensity of light coming from any source in units called lumens.
Scientists measure the jaguar's temperature, pulse, and respiration rate.
Scientists measure the ozone layer to see if it is getting thinner.
Scientists measure the rate of breakdown in half lives.
Scientists measure the salt content of tide water in parts per thousand.
Scientists measure the time it takes the generic drug to reach the bloodstream.
Scientists measure the visible lava and ash exposures in the field.
Scientists measure things to help with classifying.
Scientists measure time.
Scientists measure volume in cubic units, such as liters, cubic meters, gallons and ounces.
Scientists measure weight.
Scientists meet alien intelligence underwater on crashed spaceship in dumb sci-fi thriller.
Scientists model magnetic forces using field lines.
Scientists monitor activity at Mt. Pinatubo.
Scientists monitor bear reproduction and mortality to assess population trends.
Scientists monitor components.
Scientists monitor global air pollution from space .
Scientists monitor methods.
Scientists monitor the energy with instruments they sink into the ground.
Scientists monitor various methods.
Scientists most recognize other kinds of evidence.
Scientists mourn the loss of knowledge that comes with reburying rather than studying what is found.
Scientists move back and forth among processes to refine their knowledge as the inquiry unfolds.
Scientists move from tree to tree hanging in a strong pulley, which is connected to their harness.
Scientists move nests that are too close to the water to safer areas or to hatcheries.
Scientists much prefer that other four-letter word, soil.
Scientists must have computer skills.
Scientists must have excellent computer skills.
Scientists must have knowledge.
Scientists must have skills.
Scientists naturally use and build upon the works of others.
Scientists need basic information.
Scientists need information.
Scientists need knowledge.
Scientists need such information.
Scientists never can be sure that a given explanation is complete and final.
Scientists never function in isolation.
Scientists never get their whole reward at once.
Scientists never learn from history.
Scientists never prove their theories in some final sense.
Scientists normally work in groups, and social interactions are critical to their work.
Scientists note facts like that.
Scientists note that the size of a bear's range is determined by the amount of available food.
Scientists notice structural similarities between fossils of a land animal and an aquatic organism.
Scientists now acknowledge that the universe had a beginning .
Scientists now agree that the global climate is getting warmer.
Scientists now agree that thermonuclear reactions are the source of solar energy.
Scientists now are confident that ozone is being depleted workwide - partly due to human activities.
Scientists now believe green tea keeps cancer at bay.
Scientists now believe that extinction is a very real possibility.
Scientists now believe that global warming and greenhouse gas pollution are related.
Scientists now believe that it causes irreversible brain damage.
Scientists now believe that lobsters do very little thinking and feel almost no pain.
Scientists now believe that many health problems are related to the effects of free radical damage.
Scientists now believe that pets and wild animals have feelings.
Scientists now believe that some problems are more serious than they first thought.
Scientists now believe that the dark bands represent elements in the sun's atmosphere.
Scientists now believe that the navigationally challenged can retrain their brains.
Scientists now believe that the top quark's mass is about equal to that of an atom of gold.
Scientists now believe they can bring back extinct animals such as dodo birds.
Scientists now believe they know how cannabis works in the brain.
Scientists now blame a sugar shortage rather than a water surplus.
Scientists now blame lead poisoning.
Scientists now chart changes in a pig's body composition as it grows.
Scientists now confirm what the successful always knew.
Scientists now consider fungi to be a separate Kingdom that is nearly one billion years old.
Scientists now describe the possible positions of electrons in terms of probability.
Scientists now find out all the sorts of things that our brains do after the lights go out.
Scientists now have a better idea of the accuracy of the assumptions in the model.
Scientists now have a tool to determine exactly how chemical reactions occur.
Scientists now have a way of triggering off earthquakes.
Scientists now have access to the whole human genome database.
Scientists now have an interpretive tool for describing many of the complexities of the world.
Scientists now have solid data on the oddly shaped space rock.
Scientists now have some very sophisticated measuring devices to produce data .
Scientists now have the technology to build a spacecraft that can travel at the speed of light.
Scientists now know differently.
Scientists now know just how important sun protection is for everyone, regardless of skin color.
Scientists now know only that there is a gene-virus interaction.
Scientists now know that at least half the heat is carried by vast ocean currents.
Scientists now know that biological evolution is a patent impossibility.
Scientists now know that humans are genetically wired for walking.
Scientists now know that light can be described as a train of waves that carries energy.
Scientists now know that many cases of male infertility have genetic origins.
Scientists now know that many factors besides the food itself affect blood glucose levels.
Scientists now know that many other infections can be transmitted during sex.
Scientists now know that reruns are depressing for a number of reasons.
Scientists now know that sound bursts indicate areas of surface activity.
Scientists now know that spirulina extracts can protect hamsters from herpes virus and cancer.
Scientists now know that the creation of stars is an evolutionary process that is still ongoing.
Scientists now know that X rays are one of several forms of electromagnetic radiation.
Scientists now know the variations and locations of many genetic markers on each human chromosome.
Scientists now know what the universal laws of influence are.
Scientists now know where love resides.
Scientists now make polymers with particular properties.
Scientists now purify the proteins from blood, a process both laborious and expensive.
Scientists now put a colored number tag and a radio transmitter on each bald eagle they capture.
Scientists now realize that simple deterministic systems can generate random behavior.
Scientists now recognise it too.
Scientists now recognize pesticides as a threat to groundwater quality and drinking water supplies.
Scientists now recognize that they understand only a fraction of olfaction.
Scientists now recognize that wetlands are amongst the most productive ecosystems.
Scientists now recognize the crucial role that nutrition plays in supporting immune function.
Scientists now report further progress in such localized gene therapy.
Scientists now say natural climate variability also wreaks havoc on the fish.
Scientists now say pain is more complex than that.
Scientists now say that everything is connected, in ways that are mysterious yet powerful.
Scientists now say that what actually rained on Spain was a bunch of debris from comets.
Scientists now seek to identify and isolate the genes responsible.
Scientists now think epigenetics can play a role in the development of some cancers .
Scientists now think supermassive black holes are a fundamental part of what a galaxy actually is.
Scientists now think that the quake was caused by a previously unknown fault line .
Scientists now think that the rings are caused by the eruptions of volcanoes on Jupiter's moon Io.
Scientists now think that the solar activity influences the Earth's weather in some way.
Scientists now think that women can also ejaculate when they have an orgasm .
Scientists now think that women can also ejaculate when they have an orgasm.
Scientists now think there s a better reason that males don t hunt.
Scientists now understand that good feelings relate to chemicals known as endorphins.
Scientists now understand that it has very little to do with the passage of time.
Scientists now unwrap mummies only while they are wearing protective gear.
Scientists now use phylogeny, mathematics, and other computations to date fossils.
Scientists now use the theory of evolution to explain how a larval and pupal stage came to be.
Scientists now view the urban smog problem as a problem of broad regions.
Scientists now wonder if there are more coelacanths awaiting discovery.
Scientists object to it as being presumably unverifiable.
Scientists object to it as unverifiable.
Scientists observe and study living cells using microscopes which can magnify objects.
Scientists observe annelids to monitor the quality of marine and fresh water.
Scientists observe apparent effects.
Scientists observe behavior.
Scientists observe climates.
Scientists observe differences.
Scientists observe effects.
Scientists observe gravitational effects.
Scientists observe how a set of mosquitoes, for example, behave in a village.
Scientists observe mate behavior.
Scientists observe patterns.
Scientists observe presence.
Scientists observe recessive patterns.
Scientists observe regions.
Scientists observe things, and then they try to explain their observations.
Scientists observe types.
Scientists observe, question, and analyze.
Scientists offer a couple of explanations about how the Bay was formed.
Scientists offer contributions.
Scientists offer recommendations.
Scientists offer specific recommendations.
Scientists offer tips on taking the initiative in planning meetings.
Scientists only know what they know.
Scientists only understand the function of a relatively tiny fraction of our genes at present.
Scientists operate on the belief that the rules can be discovered by careful, systematic study.
Scientists organize all life on earth into groups based on shared traits.
Scientists organize the elements into a table called the periodic table.
Scientists participate in public affairs both as specialists and as citizens.
Scientists pass around preprints and ask for comments.
Scientists pay attention to high acidity because it can kill fish, frogs and trees.
Scientists pay attention.
Scientists pay close attention.
Scientists pay much attention.
Scientists peer into the mind s psi.
Scientists perform a lot of experiments to observe important things.
Scientists perform experiments.
Scientists perform remarkable experiments.
Scientists perform successful experiments.
Scientists periodically encounter DNA fragments that are particularly difficult to sequence.
Scientists photograph and film each whale.
Scientists photograph most satellites in black and white through a special light filter.
Scientists pick an object and examine how far away it is from earth and how fast it is moving.
Scientists pick up a journal to read news - advertising there helps build awareness.
Scientists place great faith in the evidence of our senses.
Scientists place living things in groups based on the features that the living things share.
Scientists place man's earliest origin here.
Scientists place true jellyfish and box jellyfish into two different groups.
Scientists plan site visits to evaluate and upgrade equipment as well as to collect data.
Scientists plan to apply for animal patents on genetically altered animals.
Scientists plan to combine layers of rotaxane molecules into ultra-powerful computers.
Scientists plan to continue to study the data for the next several years.
Scientists plan to investigate the makeup and composition of the adobe.
Scientists plan to make a map showing the lift pressure across the bee wing during flight.
Scientists plan to pump carbon dioxide into ocean to reduce greenhouse gases.
Scientists plan to release initial findings that day.
Scientists plan to send the pair to very different regions of the Red Planet.
Scientists plan to utilize waste wood to help minimize odors emitted by swine barns.
Scientists play a major role in the swelling tide of consciousness.
Scientists play god in a binary universe of their own making.
Scientists plug into power and communications 'outlet' on the seafloor.
Scientists point out that their breeding ponds are always on the other side of highways and byways.
Scientists point to fire as the reason.
Scientists point to flooding as one result.
Scientists point to many uncertainties that undermine the reliability of model results.
Scientists ponder tantalizing clues that oceans exist on Jupiter's icy moon.
Scientists pool their expertise to solve complex chemical problems.
Scientists pore over faded text, trying to recapture the marvels of an almost forgotten age.
Scientists pose, test, and revise hypotheses based on evidence.
Scientists posit that millennia ago, an opsin gene duplicated and mutated and was a huge advantage.
Scientists posses many leadership skills.
Scientists possess quality.
Scientists post their daily observations and activities to an online journal and answer email.
Scientists postulate that there is nothing substantial, solid and tangible in the world.
Scientists predict a decrease in Great Lakes ice and the historical record shows an increase.
Scientists predict a litany of dire human health and environmental consequences from global warming.
Scientists predict a range of likely effects from global warming.
Scientists predict a rough season of hurricanes ahead.
Scientists predict a wetter than normal winter.
Scientists predict better diagnoses and new treatments for nearly every human ailment.
Scientists predict effects.
Scientists predict higher success rates.
Scientists predict how much of the disease to expect each year based on winter's severity.
Scientists predict it, sociologists talk about it.
Scientists predict rising sea levels, freak weather patterns, storms, floods and tidal waves.
Scientists predict summers to become warmer while winters become far wetter.
Scientists predict that nearly as many await discovery.
Scientists predict that Uranus was hit by a comet and knocked over.
Scientists predict the consequences of that change using computer models of climate, .
Scientists predict when flares are going to happen by looking at their magnetic fields .
Scientists prefer conserving artifacts where they are found.
Scientists prefer the term microgravity to weightlessness or zero-g because it is more accurate.
Scientists prefer to rely on deduction rather than induction.
Scientists prepare a solution of the DNA to be sequenced and apply a drop to the biochip.
Scientists prepare summaries.
Scientists prepare to make the first-ever human clone.
Scientists present evidence.
Scientists present methods.
Scientists present their explanations and critique the explanations proposed by other scientists.
Scientists present their opinions on the possibility of life on Mars.
Scientists present theories and arguments in sentential form.
Scientists pretend that planets and stars have a line drawn through their middles.
Scientists pretend to be detached from their subject and their emotions.
Scientists pride themselves on being able to share information and resources, share samples.
Scientists prize such cells for their unique potential as replacement parts for diseased tissue.
Scientists probe feelings behind decision making.
Scientists probe potential anticancer benefits of a long-time Asian diet staple.
Scientists probe the secrets of the universe from within.
Scientists probe to discover still more abstract patterns in the universe.
Scientists proceed along a path gathering data that builds an accepted wisdom.
Scientists produce a biochip or living microcomputer.
Scientists produce evidence.
Scientists produce fragments of information, then try to see patterns among the fragments.
Scientists produce solid evidence.
Scientists produce vaccines from either dead or live viruses.
Scientists promise human clone.
Scientists propose areas.
Scientists propose explanations.
Scientists propose frameworks.
Scientists propose growing better semiconductor crystals in space .
Scientists propose hypotheses to explain facts and they are usually correct in their predictions.
Scientists propose ideas.
Scientists propose interference.
Scientists propose notions.
Scientists propose that either women or men can be immunized against proteins vital to fertility.
Scientists propose that the seabed's hot springs are the birthplace of all life on Earth.
Scientists propose theories.
Scientists prove that linguistic capacity is present even without speech and hearing.
Scientists provide compel evidence.
Scientists provide data about greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental issues.
Scientists provide evidence.
Scientists provide expertise in meteorology, chemistry, biology, and soil science.
Scientists provide explanations of the events.
Scientists provide feedback to the students to enrich their science education.
Scientists provide information regarding the lake to policy agents.
Scientists provide information.
Scientists provide suggestions.
Scientists provide the answers to kids' questions about bees, butterflies, beetles, and more.
Scientists provide the facts.
Scientists publish books.
Scientists publish descriptions.
Scientists publish extraordinary findings in prestigious journals.
Scientists publish paper.
Scientists publish several books.
Scientists publish their findings and conclusions.
Scientists publish their work.
Scientists pursue degrees.
Scientists pursue mysteries.
Scientists Pursue the history of the Antarctic Ice Sheet.
Scientists question for a purpose.
Scientists question fundamental theories.
Scientists question theories.
Scientists question whether they are worth the expense.
Scientists race to build the atomic bomb.
Scientists race to determine whether a variant of the disease spells a deadly epidemic for humans.
Scientists race to find a way to stop it.
Scientists raise Cain.
Scientists rally to defend schools against creationists.
Scientists rank bamboos among the most primitive of grasses.
Scientists reach milestone in the fight against cholera.
Scientists read and follow directions.
Scientists read papers with differing degrees of attention and skepticism.
Scientists read the science proposals, humanists read humanities proposals, and so on.
Scientists realize that an epidemic is underway.
Scientists realize that they are approximating reality, and in that realization is strength.
Scientists realize theories.
Scientists realize there are particles smaller than the eye can see.
Scientists receive a paycheck every two weeks.
Scientists receive an intergalactic clue to the creation of new life.
Scientists receive patent for genetically engineered animal.
Scientists receive the full dataset within a few days.
Scientists reckon fish do get smarter if they are caught and then thrown back into the water.
Scientists recognize energy.
Scientists recognize five major mass extinctions in the Earth's history.
Scientists recognize genus.
Scientists recognize humans.
Scientists recognize hydraulic dredging as a viable alternative to bucket dredging.
Scientists recognize importance.
Scientists recognize kinds.
Scientists recognize observations.
Scientists recognize occurrences.
Scientists recognize orangutans.
Scientists recognize orcas.
Scientists recognize potential problems.
Scientists recognize power.
Scientists recognize problems.
Scientists recognize that no technology is without risk.
Scientists recognize that various materials can conduct electricity in different ways.
Scientists recognize two broad categories of corrosion, general corrosion and localized corrosion.
Scientists recognize, however, that nothing offers farmers or consumers true security.
Scientists recommend strict enforcement of controls, saying danger is extremely small.
Scientists recommend that it be paid a priority attention and a radar research be carried out.
Scientists record results.
Scientists record the highest tested dose with no effect.
Scientists record the type of gear used to capture specimens.
Scientists record what the centenarians eat, what they don t and how they ve handled stress.
Scientists recruit boxers in hopes of isolating the gene that promotes aggression.
Scientists refer to each other by their proper degrees and academic affiliations.
Scientists refer to it as climate change.
Scientists refer to species using both their genus and species name.
Scientists refer to spelling rules, or orthographies, as deep or shallow.
Scientists refer to such a state as one of quasi-static equilibrium.
Scientists refer to the entire range of photon energies as the electromagnetic spectrum.
Scientists refer to the present day situation as a loss of biological diversity.
Scientists refer to the sticky molecules as CAMs, or cellular adhesion molecules.
Scientists refer to the tunnel as a nerve guidance channel.
Scientists refer to time as the fourth dimension.
Scientists refer to warm-blooded animals as endothermic or homeothermic.
Scientists refine the calculation of when it's really worth it.
Scientists refine understanding of protein folding and design.
Scientists regard astrology with contempt, and average rational people too know that it is nonsense.
Scientists regard the claims about ibogaine skeptically.
Scientists regard the tarsier as the oldest mammal now inhabiting the earth.
Scientists regard travelling faster than light as being impossible.
Scientists regularly tap into biological systems to find solutions for human problems.
Scientists regularly teach undergraduate and graduate courses.
Scientists reject notions.
Scientists rely heavily on direct observation and physical laws.
Scientists rely on computerised climate models to make their predictions about climate change.
Scientists rely on evidence.
Scientists rely on methods.
Scientists rely on publishing in respected journals to build reputations and further their careers.
Scientists rely on quantitative methods.
Scientists rely on technology to enhance the gathering and manipulation of data.
Scientists remain bewildered by the ailments.
Scientists remain divided on why people have different urinary responses to eating asparagus.
Scientists remain puzzled over the strangest atmospheric discovery since cosmic rays.
Scientists remain puzzled.
Scientists remain uncertain as to why some people are more susceptible to osteoporosis than others.
Scientists remain uncertain.
Scientists repeat experiments.
Scientists repeat measurements.
Scientists report a big advance in gene therapy.
Scientists report a global loss of amphibians including salamanders, newts and toads.
Scientists report cell growth.
Scientists report consumption.
Scientists report die-offs of red and purple sea urchins in scattered spots off southern California.
Scientists report discoveries.
Scientists report evidence of billion year old worms.
Scientists report growth.
Scientists report halo of gamma rays surrounding Milky Way galaxy.
Scientists report ideas.
Scientists report levels.
Scientists report no human deaths due to excessive caffeine consumption.
Scientists report observations.
Scientists report occurrences.
Scientists report pandas.
Scientists report that a womans chief concern within relationships is that of being abandoned.
Scientists report that eating turkey sandwiches causes pancreatic cancer.
Scientists report that magicians fawn over panthers.
Scientists report that numbers of humpbacks are now increasing.
Scientists report that only a quarter of infants survive their first year of life.
Scientists report that sidestream smoke is actually more toxic than mainstream smoke.
Scientists report that some kinds of trees exude certain chemicals when they are under stress.
Scientists report that taller men have greater reproductive success.
Scientists report that two experimental drugs decrease the duration and severity of influenza.
Scientists report the extinction of a monkey once common in West Africa.
Scientists report the first success of gene therapy.
Scientists report the ozone hole over the Antarctica is getting bigger.
Scientists report thousands of birds there have perished from throat parasites.
Scientists report types.
Scientists report use of breathing device lowers fatalities.
Scientists report zoo pandas.
Scientists represent expertise.
Scientists represent the invisible magnetic field by drawing magnetic field lines.
Scientists request permission to study the skeleton.
Scientists require different forms of query depending on the particular application.
Scientists require fairly stringent evidence for such conclusions.
Scientists require information.
Scientists require realistic graphics simulations of experimental processes.
Scientists require specific information.
Scientists require specific soil information.
Scientists research marine life, ocean water, pollution, marine plants, and ocean salts.
Scientists research the problem and gather data to work out how to solve it.
Scientists research theories.
Scientists researching the treatment of cancer with gene therapy have three basic approaches.
Scientists respect each other.
Scientists respond to an announcement that their glasses have been tampered with.
Scientists return from sea investigating the event.
Scientists reveal ancient origin of vertebrate skeleton in unlovable lamprey.
Scientists reveal complex and variable forms of social and hunting behavior.
Scientists reveal the untold health benefits of plants.
Scientists review and ask questions about the results of other scientists' work.
Scientists review exciting results from the first few days in orbit.
Scientists revise asteroid warning .
Scientists revolt at attempt to control information.
Scientists risk their life work being stolen by rivals.
Scientists routinely design experiments, analyze data, and write papers in groups.
Scientists routinely develop new vaccines or new recipes for existing vaccines.
Scientists routinely map plant cover via satellite infrared imagery.
Scientists routinely use models to depict, test, and refine their ideas.
Scientists routinely work together over the internet and exchange ideas, manuscripts, and data.
Scientists sample the rock and in the lab release both the parent and daughter atoms, counting each.
Scientists say a dog's mouth is cleaner than a human's mouth.
Scientists say a follow-up is needed, using a larger sample size and including women.
Scientists say a more likely prospect is the cloning of an entire human being.
Scientists say a more relevant health indicator is body shape.
Scientists say a remote glacier in Antarctica, the Pine Island Glacier, is thinning at a fast rate.
Scientists say all planets are solid.
Scientists say animals' thoughts and feelings also affect their actions.
Scientists say antibacterial is effective against malaria.
Scientists say any ice on the moon probably came from comets falling into deep craters at the poles.
Scientists say bergs are a part of the natural cycle.
Scientists say big energy savings possible from conservation.
Scientists say caution is in order since the experiment was performed only once and only in mice.
Scientists say chances of success on transmutation research are good.
Scientists say children who sleep with a light on are more likely to grow up myopic or near-sighted.
Scientists say commercial farmers rely on certain species that produce the most meat or milk.
Scientists say commercial optical computers are still years off.
Scientists say depression is linked to the neurotransmitters serotonin and norepinephrine.
Scientists say earlier, smaller tremors put the area at high risk of a major quake.
Scientists say Earth was bombarbed by large meteorites millions of years ago.
Scientists say Europa appears to have all the basic requirements for life.
Scientists say even the continents are adrift.
Scientists say extra heat in the atmosphere makes thunderstorms stronger.
Scientists say farmers can relax.
Scientists say fat people are happier and sexier.
Scientists say female midges enter the swarm to find a male.
Scientists say firewalking is possible through a combination of physical and psychological means.
Scientists say freshwater plumes from the great rivers can go hundreds of miles out to sea.
Scientists say future hurricanes likely to be more destructive.
Scientists say genetics probably plays a role in the graying process.
Scientists say global warming is happening.
Scientists say gluten molecules are heavy and non-volatile.
Scientists say greenhouse gas concentrations are higher now than at any point in recorded time.
Scientists say hard-pressed doctors fail to spot the signs.
Scientists say infected mosquitoes bite wild birds, such as crows, robins and starlings.
Scientists say it came down somewhere between Africa and Asia.
Scientists say it definitely came from Mars.
Scientists say it ends with consumer awareness.
Scientists say it feeds off the heavy load of nutrients contained in waste runoff.
Scientists say it has something to do with how the solar system formed.
Scientists say it is a stellar nursery where new suns are born.
Scientists say it is much older.
Scientists say it is only a short step to the creation of much more complex life forms.
Scientists say it is only a short step to the creation of much more complex lifeforms.
Scientists say it is probable that Mars was very hot in the beginning.
Scientists say it is rapidly disappearing from many areas.
Scientists say it is still too early to know the definitive results of nerve cell transplants .
Scientists say it is the largest meat-eating dinosaur that ever lived.
Scientists say it is the last large and intact tropical dry forest in the world.
Scientists say it is the smallest member of the raccoon family.
Scientists say it is the worst die-off in Long Island Sound in almost a decade.
Scientists say it is theoretically possible to make wine with no sulfur at all.
Scientists say it is unusual to find a large, previously unknown animal from the Pleistocene period.
Scientists say it resembles the brains of modern-day crocodiles and birds.
Scientists say it results from grinding parts of ruminant animals that are then fed to livestock.
Scientists say it s impossible.
Scientists say it was caused by warm ocean temperatures and runoff from fertilizers and sewage.
Scientists say it's an unusually good opportunity to study a near-Earth object.
Scientists say it's destroying native plants like a biological wildfire out of control.
Scientists say it's doubtful.
Scientists say it's necessary.
Scientists say it's never too late or too early to stimulate the brain.
Scientists say killer fungus is threatening the coastal pine.
Scientists say kisses are dangerous, but here everything is shown in startling directness.
Scientists say laughter increases the production of antibodies that fight upper respiratory disease.
Scientists say lavender oil stimulates the brain.
Scientists say liquid water seems essential to life.
Scientists say little is known about what, if any, biological recovery has occurred.
Scientists say mad cow disease is spread in cattle by tainted animal feed.
Scientists say manifold efforts are required to restore the plummeting salmon runs.
Scientists say many nations now have enough nuclear weapons to destroy the entire planet.
Scientists say mining has had only a minor impact on the wetlands.
Scientists say more research is needed in order to answer that question.
Scientists say more tests are needed to study the effects of jet lag on the brain.
Scientists say most of the oil is gone.
Scientists say Mount Saint Helens was awakened by a strong earthquake.
Scientists say much of the most toxic part of the oil has evaporated or has been dissolved.
Scientists say mustard gas can cause genetic damage.
Scientists say Nigerian oil flares are the single biggest cause of global warming.
Scientists say no one weather event can be considered proof of global warming.
Scientists say 'no way' to solar tidal doom.
Scientists say no, but there are many striking tales that suggest otherwise.
Scientists say no.
Scientists say one out of every four people is crazy.
Scientists say other bacteria probably use a similar scheme for figuring out where they are.
Scientists say other fireworks which emit red, green or white light give off less dioxins.
Scientists say parts of the desert are still heavily polluted with oil.
Scientists say people get it from eating tainted meat.
Scientists say pigeons carry diseases harmful to human beings.
Scientists say poor weather has cut the bird's supply of plant food.
Scientists say poor weather has reduced the bird's supply of plant food.
Scientists say reefs around the world are threatened by coral bleaching.
Scientists say research needs to proceed on both kinds of cells.
Scientists say sea fish join threatened species.
Scientists say species are always going extinct, but usually at a much slower pace.
Scientists say speeding up that process is key to eradicating the highly contagious disease.
Scientists say sperm whales are hard to track because they surface less often than balleen whales.
Scientists say that a link exists between spider evolution and web function.
Scientists say that alligators have the most acidic stomachs in the animal kingdom.
Scientists say that an increasing amount of time is spent analysing MTAs.
Scientists say that anything sucked into a black hole disappears from the observable universe.
Scientists say that arsenic can be fatal.
Scientists say that blue slows down the heart rate and green helps prevent eyestrain.
Scientists say that carbon dioxide is a key contributor to global warming.
Scientists say that certain kinds of shark lived in prehistoric times with the dinosaurs.
Scientists say that constructive interference takes place.
Scientists say that each loss is like a lost rivet holding the environment together.
Scientists say that earthly life has been around nearly four billion years.
Scientists say that electricity is the quantity of electric charge.
Scientists say that few, if any, mahi make it past five years.
Scientists say that fifty thousand thoughts pass through the average person in a day.
Scientists say that good color vision helps animals find food on the land or in the water.
Scientists say that human existence on earth is a recent development.
Scientists say that human interest in bottlenose dolphin is both a wonderful and terrible thing.
Scientists say that identification implants are already possible.
Scientists say that increasing carbon dioxide emissions are changing the climate.
Scientists say that inhaling one millionth of an ounce of plutonium can cause a fatal cancer.
Scientists say that it is like nothing that has ever been seen before.
Scientists say that it is now three times the size of the United States of America.
Scientists say that it was once the sight of an ancient Indian village.
Scientists say that life is just duplicated.
Scientists say that many tropical plants are on the verge of extinction.
Scientists say that more sophisticated data collection is making that possible.
Scientists say that possibly hundreds of undiscovered species disappear from the planet each day.
Scientists say that quorum sensing makes sense from an evolutionary viewpoint.
Scientists say that solutions are homogenous systems.
Scientists say that success, independent of money, can affect people's health.
Scientists say that sugar and salt are soluble in water since they completely dissolve.
Scientists say that the average infant cries two to three hours per day.
Scientists say that the cause and effect of the climate change is still in question.
Scientists say that the drugs work just as well as chemotherapy.
Scientists say that the earth is experiencing a wave of extinction.
Scientists say that the juice reduces muscle fatigue and improves the body's efficiency.
Scientists say that the law flows begin to revegetate quickly - meaning plants return to the area.
Scientists say that the material has now been magnetized - or turned into a magnet.
Scientists say that the more fuel a spacecraft has to store on board, the greater the risk.
Scientists say that the process occurs despite a high level of atmospheric pollution.
Scientists say that the recreational angling and diving communities provide all of their samples.
Scientists say that the scarcity of food is causing quagga mussels to replace zebra mussels.
Scientists say that the subsidence is permanent.
Scientists say that the universe is constantly expanding.
Scientists say that the universe never ends.
Scientists say that the water that pushes sand up the beach, partly flows back through the sand bed.
Scientists say that there are three different races of orca.
Scientists say that there is gas outside of it and water in the middle of it.
Scientists say that there is no proof that such rhythms actually exist.
Scientists say that there is real life going on in Mars.
Scientists say that they don t know what causes it.
Scientists say that they have develop a 'litmus paper' for analyzing odor chemistry.
Scientists say that vitamin E, suppositories or oil, works as well as estrogen cream.
Scientists say the air exchange system seems to be more advanced.
Scientists say the animals have already started eating eggs and larva at an alarming rate .
Scientists say the antioxidants in tea neutralize free radicals that damage the body.
Scientists say the Arctic has become a sink-hole for some of the world's most dangerous chemicals.
Scientists say the biggest sources of dioxins are meat and dairy products.
Scientists say the caterpillar mostly enjoys oak tree leaves.
Scientists say the challenge now is to see if it works in humans.
Scientists say the Chinese fossil was a fraud.
Scientists say the Colorado settlement was used for many years.
Scientists say the coral has become agatized.
Scientists say the crunchy meal is useful to prepare for an oil spill.
Scientists say the culprit is climate change.
Scientists say the drug also increases the shelf life of peas, beans, and strawberries.
Scientists say the encounter poses no threat to our planet.
Scientists say the first marine casualty of the new century is likely to be China's baiji dolphin.
Scientists say the giant panda is more closely related to a raccoon than a bear.
Scientists say the greatest risk occurs when the dust is ingested.
Scientists say the human genome contains nearly all the information needed to make a human being.
Scientists say the lake can fill back up once Tallahassee gets more rain.
Scientists say the likelihood of that happening is extremely remote.
Scientists say the most worrisome trouble is on the Sacramento River.
Scientists say the moths are harmless.
Scientists say the mouse virus itself poses no danger to humans.
Scientists say the new ring of deposits makes that area the likely source of the new plume.
Scientists say the nitrogen oxide emissions also contribute to smog and acid rain.
Scientists say the number of manatees in Florida had been rising slowly but surely until last year.
Scientists say the numerical solution can drift from the true solution due to numerical error.
Scientists say the object is large enough to cause severe local damage if it does hit the Earth.
Scientists say the object was made of the metals iron and nickel.
Scientists say the ozone in the stratosphere protects the Earth from ultraviolet light.
Scientists say the pill works by relaxing certain tissues, allowing blood to flow in.
Scientists say the population is in decline.
Scientists say the problems can be solved.
Scientists say the process leaves no residual radioactivity.
Scientists say the risk of mass extinctions has never been greater.
Scientists say the search for another salt-tolerant crop is just about to turn the corner.
Scientists say the secrets lie in DNA, and that's perfectly possible.
Scientists say the skull belongs to a female of the species while the jawbone belongs to a male.
Scientists say the solution is adding inner pea fiber to the beef.
Scientists say the spot is like a great hurricane here on Earth.
Scientists say the study reinforces current thinking about depression and heart attacks.
Scientists say the virus has been modified to infect only rabbits.
Scientists say the water is displaced.
Scientists say the waters hold more than double the number of fish found in comparable areas.
Scientists say their results also suggest that melatonin plays a key role in inducing sleep.
Scientists say there are more to find in places like Siberia and Alaska.
Scientists say there are no privileged places in the universe.
Scientists say there are ways to cope with that problem.
Scientists say there have been three ice ages in the past.
Scientists say there is growing evidence linking an inactive style with brain degeneration.
Scientists say there is no danger at the moment because the carbon dioxide is cool.
Scientists say there is no direct evidence linking the Bahamas sonar use to the beaching.
Scientists say there is no sure-fire way to get rid of the insect.
Scientists say there is nothing to prevent a similar blast from happening again.
Scientists say there's a treatment for the violence that sometimes accompanies dementia.
Scientists say they are amazed by the colors in the pictures, and by the variety of rocks.
Scientists say they are interdependent.
Scientists say they are keeping their fingers crossed that there is no repeat performance.
Scientists say they are working as fast as they can to catch up on the backlog.
Scientists say they believe the acetic acid in vinegar liquefies minerals in bones and shells.
Scientists say they can genetically alter pigs so that they produce cleaner excrement.
Scientists say they clone DNA when they reproduce DNA for routine research purposes.
Scientists say they fear the diporeia disappearance is just beginning.
Scientists say they fully expect that the same holds true for humans.
Scientists say they have developed a safe way to fast and lose weight using a five-day diet.
Scientists say they have discovered the biological basis for dyslexia.
Scientists say they have found a way to coax brain cells taken from human cadavers back to life.
Scientists say they have found evidence that humans can actually taste fat.
Scientists say they have found the answer.
Scientists say they have found the component of cigarette smoke that causes lung cancer.
Scientists say they have never fully explored the nuances of plutonium's behavior.
Scientists say they have no idea why diseases are exploding on corals now.
Scientists say they hitchhiked on beehives brought from Texas for almond pollination.
Scientists say they hope to crack the case of the missing antimatter.
Scientists say they likely saw an asteroid or satellite unrelated to the showers.
Scientists say they see what appear to be genetic problems almost every time they try to clone.
Scientists say they're working on it.
Scientists say they've proved mother knows best.
Scientists say to expect more of the same as the planet warms and weather patterns are altered.
Scientists say traces of that mountain drifted around the globe for weeks, even years.
Scientists say urban areas stay hot in the summer because heat is trapped in concrete and metal.
Scientists say vaccine fights dental cavities.
Scientists say volcanoes bigger threat than asteroids .
Scientists say water from Earth's interior reaches the surface in a similar fashion.
Scientists say yes, but very cautiously.
Scientists say yes.
Scientists say, however, that the process is safe.
Scientists say, strong sunlight is a thousand times stronger thanordinary electric light.
Scientists says it's another indication of how well the sub is preserved.
Scientists says the animals walked along the shore of the lake and make regular tracks in the mud.
Scientists scoff at such predictions.
Scientists scoff at the pursuit.
Scientists scramble about the raft collecting specimens from the highest points in the forest.
Scientists scramble to get published in the two top scientific journals, Science and Nature .
Scientists scratch heads and frown.
Scientists search for the perfect french fry.
Scientists searching for signs of liquefied soils look for so-called sand volcanoes.
Scientists see a big wave in their future.
Scientists see a different culprit in Alberta.
Scientists see a mysterious similarity in a pair of deadly plagues.
Scientists see animals.
Scientists see effects.
Scientists see evidence.
Scientists see gravitational effects.
Scientists see interference.
Scientists see logic.
Scientists see no end soon to the rising temperatures.
Scientists see promise for treating many diseases, especially aging disorders.
Scientists see sources.
Scientists see the industry primarily as a source of new compounds or medicines.
Scientists see through sun for first time Earth .
Scientists see tremendous potential in spherical motors.
Scientists see use in repairing damaged heart tissue.
Scientists see vaccinations without sting.
Scientists see values.
Scientists seek a cause, or protector, to doom an ancient disease.
Scientists seek a deep factual knowledge.
Scientists seek a way to make humans age slower.
Scientists seek answers in a lush Costa Rican rain forest and in the oceans.
Scientists seek bioremediation answers.
Scientists seek financial resources to continue nurturing their dream.
Scientists seek insight from experiments that fail.
Scientists seek it in their data and work it into their theories.
Scientists seek that which, at some level of amplification, can connect with our senses.
Scientists seek the lawfulness of events.
Scientists seek to build the most reliable understanding possible of how the universe worked.
Scientists seek to conduct cost effective studies.
Scientists seek to discover and understand nature's laws.
Scientists seek to discover knowledge.
Scientists seek to learn about the handiwork of another.
Scientists seek to recreate a tiny piece of quark-gluon plasma by colliding large nuclei.
Scientists seek to understand the molecular structure of proteins and viruses.
Scientists seek to unpick the secrets of nature.
Scientists seek ways to use unmatched bone marrow in a transplant.
Scientists seem noticeably quiet about cleaning up after their processes have been used.
Scientists seem to be favouring the higher figure.
Scientists seem to be linking more and more observations with their antecedent causes.
Scientists seem to be split on the issue.
Scientists seem to be wedded to uncertainty.
Scientists seem to hold a lot of hope for stem cell research to provide one possible cure.
Scientists seem to show no interest in the walls.
Scientists seem to think everything is taken care of.
Scientists seem to think so.
Scientists seem very satisfied in general with hand-cast gel media.
Scientists select a virus that normally infects cells of the desired type.
Scientists select samples.
Scientists select the products desired and place orders via phone with multiple suppliers.
Scientists send messages to the computers on the probe telling it what to do.
Scientists sense mystery in the vast tracts of genes and DNA that have unknown functions.
Scientists seriously look at Cydonia.
Scientists set up camera systems to image the entire crystal growth process.
Scientists set up stations.
Scientists shake heads.
Scientists share information and data with each other.
Scientists share interest.
Scientists share results.
Scientists share the concerns.
Scientists share their research.
Scientists share with children a natural curiosity about the world.
Scientists shine a laser at the moon, and measure the time it takes to reflect back.
Scientists show behavior.
Scientists show how the chemical origin of life is compatible with certain natural laws.
Scientists show scale behavior.
Scientists show that genetic factors affect motherhood.
Scientists sift through the static of space noise it receives looking for alien transmissions.
Scientists sign documents.
Scientists slow speed of light to dead stop.
Scientists solve problems in order to retain the existing society rather than change it.
Scientists soon find an asteroid that turns out to be a gargantuan spaceship.
Scientists sound alarm for marine ecosystems.
Scientists spar over claims of earliest human ancestor.
Scientists Speak .
Scientists speak about advances in technology and people argue.
Scientists speak in terms of half lives.
Scientists speak of and deliver endless new wonders.
Scientists specialize in areas.
Scientists specialize in fields.
Scientists speculate hydrogen is probably present in the form of water ice.
Scientists speculate on the origin of sentient life in the galaxy.
Scientists speculate that global warming is the culprit.
Scientists speculate that it contains two stars, accounting for complex ga s structures.
Scientists speculate that life on Mars developed somewhat differently than that on Earth.
Scientists speculate that smoking and heavy drinking impair the body's ability to fight infection.
Scientists speculate that the malformations are being caused by some environmental agent or agents.
Scientists speculate that women's hormones delay breakdown of the drug.
Scientists spend a certain portion of their time on actual science and publishing.
Scientists spend a great amount of time developing clear and concise questions.
Scientists spend billions of dollars trying to find it.
Scientists spend much time double checking the data and their figures.
Scientists spend six to nine hours a day in the water and often venture out at night as well.
Scientists spend their whole lives trying to learn about some very small piece of the world.
Scientists spin microscopic particles with laser beams.
Scientists spot way around cystic fibrosis cells' poor performance, way to improve drug testing .
Scientists stain the frog skin to reveal the fungus under a microscope.
Scientists start by asking a question.
Scientists start our fairly high, and remain high, relative to other institutions in our society.
Scientists start the search for more bones from Australia's largest dinosaur.
Scientists start with some basic numbers in order to figure out how much owls eat.
Scientists still are uncertain what triggers abnormal blooms.
Scientists still are unsure how it is able to store up enough energy to accomplish such a journey.
Scientists still argue over whether learned behavior or genes are the dominant controlling factor.
Scientists still argue over whether viruses ARE organisms.
Scientists still debate about their mysterious origin.
Scientists still debate if man or nature is to blame.
Scientists still debate over the identity and genetic relationships of some shrew species.
Scientists still debate the fate of smallpox virus.
Scientists still devise hypotheses to be tested in the laboratory or in the field.
Scientists still disagree wildly on the human gene number.
Scientists still don t have a clear picture of the dynamics of hydrothermal vents.
Scientists still have a lot to learn about how the disease spreads and damages oak trees.
Scientists still have much to learn about club drugs.
Scientists still have no absolute confirmation that plesiosaurs remain alive.
Scientists still have to figure out how to use the information.
Scientists still have vastly different ideas over the approximate age of our universe.
Scientists still have yet to determine exactly what causes memory problems.
Scientists still know almost nothing about how humans develop their language skills.
Scientists still lack basic understanding about how hurricanes work.
Scientists still man the observatory's updated, world-class telescopes around the clock.
Scientists still preach the benefits of a diet low in saturated fat and moderate in overall fat.
Scientists still proclaim the power of the atom to transform our everyday lives in benign ways.
Scientists still pursue ongoing, intensive research on fluorides and fluoridation.
Scientists still shudder over that flu.
Scientists still think so.
Scientists still use Latin for naming living things.
Scientists stress that diversions from Canada and similar plans tend to be crude and expensive.
Scientists strive for inter-laboratory precision and accuracy.
Scientists strive to be objective.
Scientists strive to conduct their inquiries in a dispassionate, objective way.
Scientists strive to discover simple rules which underlie complex natural phenomena.
Scientists strive to make great contributions in their field.
Scientists strive to produce more.
Scientists struggle to find out where the alien microbe comes from before all human life is at risk.
Scientists struggle to identify the truth.
Scientists struggle to understand, and the people whose lives are forever changed.
Scientists struggle to undo tanning's deadly damage.
Scientists study animal behavior.
Scientists study Antarctica to learn it's secrets and to solve problems that affect the world.
Scientists study areas.
Scientists study aspects.
Scientists study atmospheres.
Scientists study atmospheric optical phenomena.
Scientists study atmospheric phenomena.
Scientists study bats to find ways to help blind people be more mobile.
Scientists study bees.
Scientists study beetles.
Scientists study behavior.
Scientists study behaviour.
Scientists study butterflies because they are very visible and are a good example of other insects.
Scientists study causes.
Scientists study cells to learn a lot about the whole human body and what makes it healthy or sick.
Scientists study characteristics.
Scientists study courtship behavior.
Scientists study critters.
Scientists study development.
Scientists study disease using animal models.
Scientists study diseases to find out how they are caused.
Scientists study earthquakes by using instruments that measure the seismic waves in the ground.
Scientists study ecology at different levels.
Scientists study effects.
Scientists study fossil remains in order to discover the early climate and plant life of a region.
Scientists study fossils to discover how fish developed through the ages.
Scientists study fossils to learn about how the world has changed.
Scientists study genetics.
Scientists study global warming and pollution and their possible effects on worldwide weather.
Scientists study Greenland ice because it is sensitive to climate change.
Scientists study human behavior.
Scientists study ice cores to find out how the climate was in the past .
Scientists study ice cores to find out how the climate was in the past.
Scientists study ice cores to look for records of the Earth's past climate.
Scientists study insects.
Scientists study it.
Scientists study jellyfish.
Scientists study living animals for clues to how dinosaurs stood and moved.
Scientists study local vegetation, water systems, and wildlife.
Scientists study many aspects of the climate system for clues of human-induced changes.
Scientists study Martian meteorites that fall to Earth to look for clues about life on that planet.
Scientists study mass coral spawning on reefs in Florida.
Scientists study materials.
Scientists study meteorites for clues to the types of material that formed the planets.
Scientists study methods.
Scientists study mice.
Scientists study microbes.
Scientists study mutations in order to A. understand more about the nature of genes.
Scientists study olfaction and what attracts moths.
Scientists study only the physical processes by which life on earth has unfolded.
Scientists study operations.
Scientists study optical phenomena.
Scientists study origins.
Scientists study patterns.
Scientists study phenomena.
Scientists study physical characteristics.
Scientists study reefs for many reasons, economic and ecologic.
Scientists study reproduction.
Scientists study size.
Scientists study soil profiles by removing a thin, vertical sample of soil.
Scientists study space in many ways.
Scientists study sunspots and other solar phenomena , so they can know what they do to Earth .
Scientists study terminal moraines to see where the glacier flowed and how quickly it moved.
Scientists study the bad results from having too many feral cats.
Scientists study the ecology of a prairie.
Scientists study the effects of gravity on the body using centrifuges.
Scientists study the effects of low levels of radiation.
Scientists study the effects of nuts on cardiovascular health.
Scientists study the habits of elephants in central Africa.
Scientists study the light reflected by different parts of a comet.
Scientists study the natural resources in the caves and karst areas.
Scientists study the nervous system for two main reasons.
Scientists study the results of past processes in the present, and try to reconstruct the past.
Scientists study the universe, and invent experiments to explore space.
Scientists study the way the parts of nature work .
Scientists study the way the parts of nature work.
Scientists study the zoo pandas in hope to learn how to save wild pandas from extinction.
Scientists study topics.
Scientists study trends.
Scientists study twins to look for the genetic basis of disorders such as drug abuse.
Scientists study volcanoes to prevent people from getting hurt or killed.
Scientists study watershed processes, wildlife and fisheries, and their associated habitats.
Scientists study watersheds to learn how much water is available to meet people's needs.
Scientists study weather, ozone, climate change and pollution of the atmosphere.
Scientists study what happens to the beam's particles after they scatter.
Scientists study what makes man different from animals.
Scientists study why more women are affected than men.
Scientists studying asthma say interacting with other kids seems to help children's immune systems.
Scientists studying captive seals say they have a lot to learn about helping wild seals.
Scientists studying comets take observational opportunities as they arise.
Scientists studying DNA, however, dispute the fact that the bird ever existed as a separate species.
Scientists studying Mars hypothesize that if water moves about the planet, it does so as vapor.
Scientists studying people's brains during sleep can only dream of such intricate monitoring.
Scientists studying tree rings look for wide rings, signifying a warmer year.
Scientists studying UV effects on different portions of the food chain now collaborate closely.
Scientists submit articles to professional journals.
Scientists subtract solar radiation from the total channel to obtain the emitted infrared radiation.
Scientists suffer from anxiety.
Scientists suggest a genetic susceptibility to whatever the toxin is.
Scientists suggest compensating with major changes in how the water supply is managed and allocated.
Scientists suggest nutrients.
Scientists suggest that breeding happens throughout the year, in tropical regions.
Scientists suggest that the plant is water repellent to wash off disease-causing fungi.
Scientists suggest that they probably covered the nest with plant material.
Scientists suggest there is little evidence that cowbirds have population-level impacts on hosts.
Scientists sugggest that more daylight leads to lower quality semen.
Scientists support darwin theories.
Scientists support ideas.
Scientists support theories.
Scientists supposedly confirm that the area of the triangle is high in methane hydrates.
Scientists surmise that dolphins have a language too complex for man to interpret.
Scientists surmise that laughter helps ease stress and in turn, helps the body stave off disease.
Scientists surmise the oil sets up a barrier on the skin.
Scientists suspect a myxosporean, haplosporean, or microsporean.
Scientists suspect a variety of causes.
Scientists suspect nutrition is to blame.
Scientists suspect sperm whales hunt by using sound as a weapon.
Scientists suspect sporadic cases are a natural error.
Scientists suspect that a ruptured fuel line sent it off course, never to be heard from again.
Scientists suspect that agricultural run-off is causing the deadly microbe to flourish.
Scientists suspect that bryostatin works by driving long-living cancer cells to commit suicide.
Scientists suspect that environmental degradation has led to the fish's decline.
Scientists suspect that it is a two-step process.
Scientists suspect that it is responsible for damaging crops as well.
Scientists suspect that lack of bonding in human babies causes similar problems.
Scientists suspect that planets in other solar systems have atmospheres as well.
Scientists suspect that some ozone sinks from the stratosphere into the troposphere.
Scientists suspect that sterile modern lifestyles are contributing to the increase in cases.
Scientists suspect that sterile modern lifestyles are contributing to the increase.
Scientists suspect that the cause is of environmental, rather than genetic, origin.
Scientists suspect that the reason is air pollution caused by factories and commuter's cars.
Scientists suspect the mosquito came to the Northeast in shipments of used tires from Asia.
Scientists suspect the 'planet' is actually a small star.
Scientists suspect the polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish oil help lower the risk.
Scientists suspect the reason is the use of certain antibiotics to control infections in chickens.
Scientists suspect wood frog tadpoles prey on chorus tadpoles.
Scientists switch memory recall on and off in fruit flies .
Scientists take a blood sample from an astronaut before the launch.
Scientists take a break from work.
Scientists take a cell from a donor animal and culture it for several weeks.
Scientists take a cubic centimeter as their measure.
Scientists take a new step toward building tiny computers by creating an array of carbon tubes.
Scientists take advantage.
Scientists take an egg cell from sheep A and any type of cell from sheep B .
Scientists take another look at mad cow disease.
Scientists take approaches.
Scientists take both optimistic and pessimistic views.
Scientists take careful measurements of where the earth is during a shower.
Scientists take censuses.
Scientists take conservative approaches.
Scientists take discoveries.
Scientists take diverse approaches.
Scientists take genetic material from a cell in an adult's body and fuse it with an empty egg cell.
Scientists take information.
Scientists take inspiration.
Scientists take it as a form of communication in elands .
Scientists take it as a form of communication in elands.
Scientists take neon and pump it into glass tubes.
Scientists take note.
Scientists take part in the great intellectual adventure of discovery.
Scientists take random samples to estimate population sizes.
Scientists take samples from the center of the coral.
Scientists take samples from the working half for both shipboard and shore-based analysis.
Scientists take samples.
Scientists take sand and melt it down.
Scientists take the sun's temperature by looking at the light from the sun.
Scientists take water samples.
Scientists talk about booking travel tours through space in the future.
Scientists talk about eras like the Mesozoic era , when dinosaurs lived on the Earth .
Scientists talk about eras like the Mesozoic era, when dinosaurs lived on the Earth.
Scientists talk about examining it.
Scientists talk about issues.
Scientists talk about uh the big bang coming from a singularity .
Scientists talk in terms of linkages, genes being associated with a certain trait.
Scientists talk of potential dangers, but nothing has been proved.
Scientists talk to one another.
Scientists teach at colleges.
Scientists tell a different story.
Scientists tend to be isolated from the general public.
Scientists tend to be less motivated by direct financial reward for their work than other careers.
Scientists tend to be pretty good listeners.
Scientists tend to be skeptical of unsupported claims.
Scientists tend to categorize everything and matter is no different.
Scientists tend to emphasize the sciency, researchy part of doing experiments.
Scientists tend to feel that rational thinking is the main or even decisive factor.
Scientists tend to move to progressive research programmes because of the opportunities.
Scientists tend to shy away from statements of absolute proof.
Scientists test a new treatment on people with a specific type of arthritis.
Scientists test a wide variety of chemicals until they come upon one that binds to the receptor.
Scientists test blood.
Scientists test every theory in the laboratory.
Scientists test sweet potato slip harvester.
Scientists test the fetus to detect various genetic disorders at early stages.
Scientists test the soil, water, and rock, and record weather patterns, rainfall, and temperatures.
Scientists test the water to try to find out what is causing the problem.
Scientists test the waters for key to global warming .
Scientists test their ideas by conducting experiments.
Scientists test things to learn what they're like.
Scientists then analyze the collected data on computers.
Scientists then analyze the earthquake data from the seismogram.
Scientists then apply the information to their global research projects.
Scientists then deduce what the function of that gene is.
Scientists then face the problem of matching the separate plant parts.
Scientists then fuse the gene-altered fibroblasts to unfertilized cow eggs.
Scientists then measure how resistant the virus is to the drug.
Scientists then measure the sound pressure waves and frequencies at varying distances.
Scientists then narrow down the area of DNA by mapping a gene.
Scientists then open the pipe to reveal the sediment.
Scientists then record and analyze the data gained from their experiments.
Scientists then tag rear fins.
Scientists then use hand-held nets to remove the fish from the seine.
Scientists then use powerful computers to reassemble the bits into a whole.
Scientists then use the data in research projects and send feedback to the students.
Scientists theorize a warming gulf impacted the food supply there, too.
Scientists theorize charged particles from Io are the culprit.
Scientists theorize it was imported by lovers of escargot.
Scientists theorize that a thin ice crust is floating on top of liquid water.
Scientists theorize that birds evolved from dinosaurs.
Scientists theorize that collisions of astral bodies created the planets in our solar system.
Scientists theorize that hydrocarbon rain and snow drizzle down to the surface.
Scientists theorize that it is closely related to the first four-limbed land animals.
Scientists theorize that rising magma met up with ground water, creating highly pressurized steam.
Scientists theorize that the animals entered the cave through a long-closed passageway.
Scientists theorize the surface is an ocean of liquid methane or ethane.
Scientists theorize their existence based on the effects they have on their surroundings.
Scientists there are busy concocting recipes that can be easily prepared in space.
Scientists there conduct basic research into how genes control the way cells develop.
Scientists there report that the mechanics of ice shelf fracturing remain poorly understood.
Scientists there say the chance of a major eruption is still slim.
Scientists therefore call ferns and mosses that reproduce without the use of seeds non-seed plants.
Scientists therefore have great confidence that gravitational waves exist.
Scientists therefore have to tell lies in their grant applications.
Scientists therefore warn against eating a lot of whale, shark, swordfish or tuna.
Scientists think a hormone called androgen plays a role in acne.
Scientists think about the world in new ways.
Scientists think asteroids are the rocky remains of large objects that collided in space.
Scientists think centrifugal and tangential forces shifted Earth's solid mass.
Scientists think chondrites are some of the oldest rocks in the solar system.
Scientists think comets are made up from materials like magnesium, aluminum and silicon.
Scientists think destroying rainforests makes our earth warmer.
Scientists think dopamine controls movement and the human sense of punishment and reward .
Scientists think dopamine controls movement and the human sense of punishment and reward.
Scientists think early life-forms most likely used a similar process.
Scientists think Earth formed billions of years ago.
Scientists think Earth started off as a waterless mass of rock .
Scientists think Earth's solar system formed from a swirling cloud of gas and dust.
Scientists think flares are produced by a sudden release of energy from solar magnetic fields.
Scientists think it happened because the glacier got thinner.
Scientists think it is an old asteroid that took up an orbit around Mars millions of years ago.
Scientists think it is made of rock and ice.
Scientists think it is made of solid rock.
Scientists think it is transmitted in soil or water, but no one knows for sure.
Scientists think it is used for fighting other males for females.
Scientists think it plays a key role in aging.
Scientists think it was water vapour because lightning needs water vapour.
Scientists think Mars has a bad case of rust.
Scientists think Mars once had oceans and an atmosphere.
Scientists think milky seas are produced by bioluminescent bacteria on the surface of the ocean.
Scientists think of the park as a laboratory and a sanctuary for rare animals and plants.
Scientists think of the pupa as very similar to the nymph stage in incomplete metamorphosis.
Scientists think our neighboring planet, Mars, formerly had oceans and an atmosphere.
Scientists think some kinds of cancer can run in families.
Scientists think supernovae are the source of materials that planets like our earth are built of.
Scientists think thalidomide works by altering the immune system.
Scientists think that a meteor exploded just before hitting the ground.
Scientists think that area is a powerful engine in storm development.
Scientists think that atom microscopes, atom interferometers, and even atom lasers are possible.
Scientists think that black dot is also a defense mechanism.
Scientists think that clouds made up of ammonia and hydrogen sulfide exist at higher pressures.
Scientists think that cortisol has possibly hundreds of effects in the body.
Scientists think that deep within the galaxy is a super-massive black hole.
Scientists think that giant rocks in space smashed together when Earth was forming.
Scientists think that glycolysis evolved before the other stages of cellular respiration.
Scientists think that huge meteors caused craters in our moon.
Scientists think that impacting comets delivered any water that now exists on the moon.
Scientists think that it is passed mostly during the birthing process.
Scientists think that Jupiter is just a burning ball of liquid.
Scientists think that macaws mate for life, producing one to three young each year.
Scientists think that maybe something ran into Uranus and knocked it over.
Scientists think that methylation can change a lot in the DNA of any cell.
Scientists think that more types of animals and plants live in the jungles than everywhere else .
Scientists think that more types of animals and plants live in the jungles than everywhere else.
Scientists think that most asteroids are the result of collisions between larger rocky space bodies.
Scientists think that neurons are the most diverse kind of cell in the body.
Scientists think that once pigeons mate, they stay together for life.
Scientists think that one early cell gave rise to all subsequent life on Earth.
Scientists think that only a third reach their destination.
Scientists think that only about half of the small songbirds survive migration.
Scientists think that only one per cent of all ocean species live here.
Scientists think that photosynthetic microorganisms such as cyanobacteria produced the oxygen.
Scientists think that pigeons can detect the Earth's magnetic fields.
Scientists think that plates move because of convection currents in the mantle.
Scientists think that pods floated from Africa and landed in Florida.
Scientists think that smoking and heavy drinking impair the body's ability to fight infection.
Scientists think that solar systems are created out of a huge cloud of gas .
Scientists think that solar systems are created out of a huge cloud of gas.
Scientists think that solar winds blew away the water and gases in the atmosphere above Mars.
Scientists think that some animals use landscape maps when they migrate.
Scientists think that some people are genetically predisposed to develop the disease.
Scientists think that the bodies of prehistoric sea animals and plants became trapped in sediments.
Scientists think that the colors are due to sulfur compounds or organic materials in the atmosphere.
Scientists think that the earliest bony fish had lungs.
Scientists think that the entire crust of the Earth is broken into big pieces called plates.
Scientists think that the human body is very much like other animals .
Scientists think that the human body is very much like other animals.
Scientists think that the most likely explanation for the silence is that it tumbled into a hole.
Scientists think that the nose leaves help the bats send the sounds in different directions.
Scientists think that the real world approximates equations.
Scientists think that the water that was on Mars evaporated into space.
Scientists think that their blood irritates the eyes of the lizard's enemies .
Scientists think that their recent ancestors are different though.
Scientists think that there are really four different shapes of snow crystals.
Scientists think that there is also a fairly low risk of getting syphilis by sharing needles.
Scientists think that there is liquid water under the ground on some moons, for example Europa.
Scientists think that they doubled their weight in five days.
Scientists think that they have possible evidence for life existing on Mars.
Scientists think that they have seen evidence of ice volcanoes on Titan, a moon in our solar system.
Scientists think that Trilobites reproduced sexually,so do mostly all arthropods now day.
Scientists think the answer is yes.
Scientists think the body's immune system plays a part in causing excess collagen deposits.
Scientists think the electron flow contributed to the outage.
Scientists think the fin helped the dinosaur keep from getting too hot or cold.
Scientists think the frogs' poisons come from the insects and arthropods they eat.
Scientists think the long tail helped it to fly.
Scientists think the longer shelf life of bottled water gives bacteria more time to grow in it.
Scientists think the odor evolved to attract female pigs.
Scientists think the outer core is liquid and the inner core is solid.
Scientists think the pale red color comes from complex organic molecules mixed in with the ice.
Scientists think the shark was so hungry that it just attacked.
Scientists think the sounds are created just below the animals' blowhole, in their nasal passages.
Scientists think the toxins in the skin come from the frogs' diets.
Scientists think the variance is due to genetics, food or perhaps climate differences.
Scientists think the weight loss is a result of the bears having less ice from which to hunt seals.
Scientists think there are many different reasons.
Scientists think there used to be life on Mars.
Scientists think there was actually a whole city there.
Scientists think they can repair the damage by cooling the chips.
Scientists think they come from cities, power plants and factories in the Midwest.
Scientists think they know where the suspected asteroid or comet came down.
Scientists think they know why so many houses in California remain standing after an earthquake.
Scientists think they left no descendants, as modern birds evolved from other prehistoric birds.
Scientists think they live in pairs.
Scientists think they probably broke apart when they crashed.
Scientists think they spend most of their time in deep, cold ocean.
Scientists think they're tantalizingly close to finding what the theorists predict.
Scientists think tiger stripes act as camouflage that help tigers hide from their prey.
Scientists think West Nile traveled from New York with migrating birds.
Scientists thrive on uncertainty and problem-solving.
Scientists thus believe sea otters contribute significantly to the overall marine ecosystem.
Scientists to assess conditions.
Scientists to assess health conditions.
Scientists to collect samples.
Scientists to conduct experiments.
Scientists to develop alternatives.
Scientists to develop management strategies.
Scientists to develop other alternatives.
Scientists to develop strategies.
Scientists to develop theories.
Scientists to draw broad conclusions.
Scientists to draw conclusions.
Scientists to examine methods.
Scientists to explain forces.
Scientists to explain observations.
Scientists to explore methods.
Scientists to explore principles.
Scientists to find explanations.
Scientists to find proper explanations.
Scientists to get permission.
Scientists to identify plants.
Scientists to investigate occurrences.
Scientists to investigate unusual occurrences.
Scientists to learn about aspects.
Scientists to make predictions.
Scientists to monitor situations.
Scientists to obtain information.
Scientists to predict effects.
Scientists to pursue careers.
Scientists to recognize patterns.
Scientists to share information.
Scientists to study effects.
Scientists to study forces.
Scientists to study issues.
Scientists to study life.
Scientists to study methods.
Scientists to study principles.
Scientists to test samples.
Scientists to test theories.
Scientists to understand causes.
Scientists to understand circulation patterns.
Scientists to understand concepts.
Scientists to understand ecology.
Scientists to understand habitats.
Scientists to understand human impact.
Scientists to understand impact.
Scientists to understand patterns.
Scientists to understand principles.
Scientists to use equipment.
Scientists tout the health benefits of saponins.
Scientists tow a manta net to collect a sample of organisms that live near the water's surface.
Scientists track free-ranging sea turtles by placing a metal tag on the front flipper.
Scientists track phosphate to better understand global warming.
Scientists transform data into pictures by connecting data icons to program icons.
Scientists trap a gas of atoms and use magnets to remove the hottest atoms.
Scientists travel around the world to study earthquakes and volcanoes.
Scientists travel to plate boundaries, many of which are located in deep ocean waters.
Scientists travel to synchrotron sources from all over the world to conduct experiments.
Scientists travel yearly to measure the building's slow descent.
Scientists trust that the results reported by others are valid.
Scientists trust the source of The Source Book.
Scientists try building superfast wireless networks that use infrared light.
Scientists try to explain phenomena and solve problems using evidence.
Scientists try to explain the penetration of steep plants a long way off to the North.
Scientists try to explain why things happen.
Scientists try to figure out how the natural world works.
Scientists try to go further than just the blood types.
Scientists try to guess, from limited observations, the rules by which nature operates.
Scientists try to identify and avoid bias.
Scientists try to let reality speak for itself .
Scientists try to let reality speak for itself.
Scientists try to listen to the demands of policy process.
Scientists try to make careful and accurate observations.
Scientists try to make objective decisions based on fact.
Scientists try to predict which changes are likely to occur to currently circulating flu viruses.
Scientists try to replicate human intelligence and universal computers in several ways.
Scientists try to reverse engineer alien UFOs and understand advanced alien technology.
Scientists try to solve problems without ideology.
Scientists try to understand nature.
Scientists try to understand what processes are going on in the interior of stars.
Scientists try to use a natural explanation.
Scientists try to use animal species with body functions that are similar to humans.
Scientists try to use models of dendritic growth to predict a metal's strength and malleability.
Scientists try to use the highest possible magnetic fields to get the best image quality .
Scientists try to use the highest possible magnetic fields to get the best image quality.
Scientists turn leaves into petals.
Scientists turn to lichens as indicators of air quality.
Scientists typically present their data in two-dimensional graphs, charts or figures.
Scientists typically receive all or most of their education within the same disciplines.
Scientists typically use a tool called an anemometer to measure the speed of the wind.
Scientists ultimately seek to understand an issue while the decision makers' job is to decide.
Scientists unanimously insist that the public health infrastructure has eroded.
Scientists uncover knowledge.
Scientists understand a great deal, but it is a drop in the ocean.
Scientists understand cell functions.
Scientists understand energy.
Scientists understand evolutionary theories.
Scientists understand extinction.
Scientists understand functions.
Scientists understand how computers work.
Scientists understand hypotheses.
Scientists understand interaction.
Scientists understand phenomena.
Scientists understand possibility.
Scientists understand production.
Scientists understand the health effects of high levels of radiation.
Scientists understand the mind in only small ways.
Scientists understand the problem somewhat better than their fellow citizens.
Scientists understand theories.
Scientists understand why resistance develops to pesticides.
Scientists understand work hypotheses.
Scientists undertake tasks.
Scientists unlock molecular mechanism that controls cell growth .
Scientists unravel the twisted ways of tornadoes.
Scientists urge more vitamin C in daily diet.
Scientists use a body mass index figure to determine who is overweight and obese.
Scientists use a characteristic to classify animals into two groups.
Scientists use a homogeneous polymer solution that binds with metal ions in the wastewater.
Scientists use a particular method to prove their hypothesis.
Scientists use a scientific method to investigate phenomena and acquire knowledge.
Scientists use a score-card system to rank the health of the streams.
Scientists use a secchi disk to determine water clarity.
Scientists use a seven-level system to classify organisms.
Scientists use a similar method to measure the volume of objects that are irregularly shaped.
Scientists use a similar process to estimate populations of organisms from bacteria to buffalo.
Scientists use a soil conductivity meter to identify the sandy areas.
Scientists use a standard report format to present the results and conclusions of their experiments.
Scientists use a table called The Periodic Table of Elements.
Scientists use a test with doubly labeled water to determine energy expenditure in people.
Scientists use a unit called the rem as a measure of radiation exposure.
Scientists use a variety of criteria to compare explanations and select the better ones.
Scientists use a variety of instruments in order to measure an item of their interest.
Scientists use a variety of methods to communicate their findings, and students can do likewise.
Scientists use a variety of methods to determine the composition of materials.
Scientists use a variety of passive remote sensors.
Scientists use a variety of techniques to trap animals in the rainforest.
Scientists use a variety of tools to investigate the nature of stars, galaxies, and the universe.
Scientists use a volcano in Iceland as their route for an expedition to the center of the earth.
Scientists use advanced imaging software to emulate the characteristics of film or digital systems .
Scientists use advanced mathematics, while ordinary people use simple math.
Scientists use an electroencephalograph to measure brain waves during sleep.
Scientists use an instrument called an anemometer to measure how fast the wind is blowing.
Scientists use an orderly approach to learn new information and to solve problems.
Scientists use analyses.
Scientists use approaches.
Scientists use artery-constricting milk shake to prove beneficial . . .
Scientists use binomial nomenclature, which is a two-word system, to name organisms.
Scientists use boron when they make fiberglass.
Scientists use both numbers and letters on a compass to measure wind direction.
Scientists use brains.
Scientists use careful, precise language and make quantitative predictions if possible.
Scientists use changes in temperature, acidity and light to trigger the smart polymers.
Scientists use chlorine to make paper white.
Scientists use chromatography to separate different chemicals.
Scientists use classification systems to show how organisms are related.
Scientists use clinostats to simulate the growth of plants in microgravity.
Scientists use computation tools to solve many different types of problems.
Scientists use computer models to help in the effort to predict future earthquakes.
Scientists use computer models to make their best guesses about future changes in climate.
Scientists use computer models to predict where hurricanes are going to strike.
Scientists use computers to do simulations of things they are studying.
Scientists use computers to study protein folding.
Scientists use concepts.
Scientists use DAAC data to understand Earth systems.
Scientists use data from rural stations to correct for urban influences on reported temperatures.
Scientists use deuterons as bombarding particles in particle accelerators.
Scientists use devices to generate radio waves at the surface of an ice sheet.
Scientists use diagrams called cladograms to illustrate evolutionary relationships.
Scientists use diagrams to show a basic outline of relationships between different populations.
Scientists use dielectric mirrors for communications and high-powered lasers.
Scientists use different methods to determine marine mammal life spans.
Scientists use diffraction gratings to break up light into many wavelengths .
Scientists use DNA sequencing to understand relationships among life on Earth.
Scientists use dorsal fins to identify individual dolphins.
Scientists use echosounding to follow the movement of zooplankton and other animals.
Scientists use electrical pulses to duplicate the recomposed cell.
Scientists use electrodes and amplifiers to map the brain's electrical activity.
Scientists use Encrypt-It to protect their research data.
Scientists use events.
Scientists use evidence.
Scientists use experiments called bioassays to determine the effects of chemicals on living things.
Scientists use experiments.
Scientists use expertise.
Scientists use explanatory coherence.
Scientists use facts.
Scientists use formulae.
Scientists use fossil evidence.
Scientists use genes for antibiotic resistance when they manipulate genes in the laboratory.
Scientists use genetic materials.
Scientists use graphic software.
Scientists use hormones to stimulate egg production.
Scientists use hot spots to measure the speed of tectonic plates relative to a fixed point.
Scientists use hypotheses.
Scientists use inductive reasoning to formulate general laws from specific observations.
Scientists use information about topography to help in their studies of plants and animals.
Scientists use information.
Scientists use infrared images to tell the temperature of the Earth.
Scientists use instruments to collect data about the location and behavior of marine mammals.
Scientists use instruments.
Scientists use it to match up carbohydrates, proteins and other molecules like a puzzle.
Scientists use it to tell how much table salt there is in water .
Scientists use it to tell how much table salt there is in water.
Scientists use julian dates because they are easy to add and subtract.
Scientists use keys to classify relationships of birds.
Scientists use knowledge.
Scientists use lasers to slow atoms when cooling objects to very low temperatures .
Scientists use lasers to slow atoms when cooling objects to very low temperatures.
Scientists use light gathered by telescopes in two ways.
Scientists use liquid helium for experiments that have to be kept very very cold.
Scientists use macaque brains.
Scientists use magnetic force as a probe of nature.
Scientists use many different types of active remote sensors.
Scientists use many instruments to detect ozone and other ingredients of the atmosphere.
Scientists use many methods in order to render the phase of a wave visible.
Scientists use many methods to find natural gas deposits.
Scientists use many tools to look at things like crystals.
Scientists use many types of devices to detect and measure infrared light.
Scientists use many types of models to visualize concepts about the real world.
Scientists use materials.
Scientists use math to organize, analyze, and present data.
Scientists use mathematical functions to assess the spread of diseases.
Scientists use mathematical logic when everyone else uses statistics.
Scientists use methods.
Scientists use metrics at all times.
Scientists use microwaves to make chalcopyrite, a semi-conductor, made of copper.
Scientists use models are used to describe the structure of Earth.
Scientists use models of dendritic growth to try to predict a metal s strength and malleability.
Scientists use molecular techniques.
Scientists use more specific names to identify different types of corals.
Scientists use mutant zebra fish to learn how vertebrate embryos develop.
Scientists use mutant zebrafish to learn how vertebrate embryos develop.
Scientists use neon in something called cryogenics.
Scientists use observations.
Scientists use operational definitions to describe how one variable relates to another.
Scientists use optical illusions to study how the brain allows itself to be tricked.
Scientists use owl pellets to determine what owls eat.
Scientists use patterns to create models that simulate the environment.
Scientists use patterns.
Scientists use positive controls to demonstrate they can perform the experimental procedure.
Scientists use principles.
Scientists use projective tests to measure motivational theory.
Scientists use properties or characteristics of living things when they are classifying, too.
Scientists use purposes.
Scientists use qualitative methods.
Scientists use quantitative methods.
Scientists use quantitative research methods.
Scientists use radar images to further their understanding of the planet's volatile surface.
Scientists use radio collars to track the movements of polar bears.
Scientists use radio waves to monitor weather, national defense and space exploration.
Scientists use radioactive dating to determine how many years ago an event happened.
Scientists use radioactive dating to determine the time in years ago that an event happened.
Scientists use research methods.
Scientists use rotary evaporators to remove the liquid a solid is dissolved in .
Scientists use rotary evaporators to remove the liquid a solid is dissolved in.
Scientists use samples that represent larger groups.
Scientists use samples.
Scientists use satellite images or floating robots to monitor and control the red tides.
Scientists use scientific methods.
Scientists use scientific names to identify all living things.
Scientists use scientific names to signify into what groups living things belong.
Scientists use scientific techniques.
Scientists use seed traps to determine the distance seeds travel, and the method which they use.
Scientists use seismic imaging techniques to map the geological structure below the earth's surface.
Scientists use seismographs to monitor nuclear tests.
Scientists use seismometers to determine the location and strength of earthquakes.
Scientists use several approaches when they analyze the data they have collected and recorded.
Scientists use sidescan sonar to map features on the bottom of the ocean and Great Lakes.
Scientists use similar approaches.
Scientists use similar techniques.
Scientists use software.
Scientists use some hair-raising technology to make hurricane predictions.
Scientists use some of the same characteristics that the students have just used.
Scientists use space-grown crystals to determine the molecular structure of proteins and viruses.
Scientists use special tools to observe animals.
Scientists use special types of electron microscopes to see viruses.
Scientists use specimens in natural history museums to categorize new plants and animals.
Scientists use spectral data to identify and measure the abundance of elements in the sun and stars.
Scientists use spectrometers to measure wavelengths of light.
Scientists use spreadsheets to store many different types of information from many experiments.
Scientists use stains to help see different biological structures.
Scientists use statistical formulas to calculate an estimate of the amount of sampling error.
Scientists use statistical techniques.
Scientists use statistics to summarise variation as best they can.
Scientists use stem cells to create bone in mice .
Scientists use subscripts to identify how many of each atom makes up the molecule.
Scientists use such models to study the transport of sediment near beaches.
Scientists use supercomputers to model tiny snowflakes or the entire Arctic region.
Scientists use tables, diagrams, and texts to compare information.
Scientists use tarantula venum to experiment on bugs and insects.
Scientists use techniques.
Scientists use technological tools to collect and measure earthquake statistics and data.
Scientists use technology and technologists use science.
Scientists use technology to experiment.
Scientists use technology.
Scientists use telescopes and spacecraft to study satellites and their parent planets.
Scientists use that grid to analyze images.
Scientists use the beaks to estimate the size of squid.
Scientists use the data for research, and display web images based on the student-collected data.
Scientists use the data in their research, and provide feedback to students.
Scientists use the data to produce global maps of ocean circulation.
Scientists use the dispersive action of the prism in the spectroscope.
Scientists use the distinct sounds made underwater by different size raindrops to measure rainfall.
Scientists use the Earth to study all the other planets.
Scientists use the false colors to understand the nature and origin of the ring material.
Scientists use the insect to find out about the past.
Scientists use the knowledge to study and explain our world and the universe.
Scientists use the laboratories to compare measurements that are made in different countries .
Scientists use the laboratories to compare measurements that are made in different countries.
Scientists use the micron to describe electromagnetic radiation.
Scientists use the pictures to track volcanic ash plumes and recognize lava flows and lava domes.
Scientists use the registry to identify possible participants in their studies.
Scientists use the resulting space for forming even smaller wires by filling the space with gold.
Scientists use the return signals, or echoes, to calculate how much plankton is in the water.
Scientists use the same principle when they examine our earth.
Scientists use the same steps when developing a new medicine.
Scientists use the scientific method to search for cause and effect relationships in nature.
Scientists use the Scientific method.
Scientists use the technique to analyze low weight atoms such as boron and oxygen.
Scientists use the term albedo to define the percentage of solar energy reflected back by a surface.
Scientists use the term entropy to describe how much energy has become unusable.
Scientists use the term evapotranspiration to describe both processes.
Scientists use the term piebald to refer to areas of pure white hair and pink skin underneath.
Scientists use the water source for hydroelectric power.
Scientists use the word density, saying that liquid water is more dense than ice.
Scientists use the word heterotrophic.
Scientists use the word malodor when they mean an undesirable scent.
Scientists use the word organelle to describe a cell's different parts.
Scientists use the word 'sample' to describe an object that is being observed under a microscope.
Scientists use the word solubility.
Scientists use the word theory differently from the general public.
Scientists use the words to describe two different weather phenomena.
Scientists use their brains preferentially to search for intelligible structure in the world.
Scientists use theories.
Scientists use thermodynamics  for many reasons.
Scientists use tools like hand lenses and microscopes to make more detailed observations.
Scientists use tools to enhance their senses.
Scientists use tools.
Scientists use transgenic sheep, for example, to produce medically useful proteins.
Scientists use tree ring patterns to reconstruct regional patterns of drought and climate change.
Scientists use two key methods to prove a fault has rotated.
Scientists use two major types of events to break up the Earth's history.
Scientists use two-hybrid systems to study a number of protein classes.
Scientists use underwater vehicles to study marine biology, geology, or archeology.
Scientists use units all the time.
Scientists use various tools.
Scientists use vectors to represent plate motion on maps.
Scientists use wading birds as a measure of a wetland ecosystem's environmental health.
Scientists use weather forecasts to fight disease.
Scientists use wind tunnels with artificially controlled airflow to study aerodynamics .
Scientists use X-rays to observe and record protein molecule positions locked within the crystals.
Scientists using optical telescopes have two main obstacles to overcome.
Scientists utilize behavior.
Scientists value clear, concise, well-organized writing.
Scientists value every part of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Scientists value the high quality graphics and colour images in the original article.
Scientists view nature through a lens that has been molded by their social experience.
Scientists view new wave of cancer drugs.
Scientists view space and time as one object, called spacetime.
Scientists violently disagree, for example, on the role of chaotic changes in fish populations.
Scientists visit a Costa Rican jungle that is the breeding ground of dinosaurs.
Scientists visit facilities.
Scientists visit meteorite impact crater in the wilds of Bolivia.
Scientists visit observatory facilities.
Scientists visit places.
Scientists warn about increased threat of environmental disasters .
Scientists warn of DDT trap.
Scientists warn of future climate change.
Scientists warn of impact on global warming and immediate weather patterns.
Scientists warn of outbreaks stemming from the ocean abyss.
Scientists warn that a more devastating scenario is in the making.
Scientists warn that any tampering with the reef is damaging.
Scientists warn that climate change is projected to increase displacement in the future.
Scientists warn that dwindling biodiversity is all too likely to lead to ecological catastrophe.
Scientists warn that genetic pollution is more dangerous than nuclear contamination.
Scientists warn that global temperatures are rising exponentially.
Scientists warn that multiple species of gibbon are in immediate danger of becoming extinct.
Scientists warn that non-target species can be affected by genetically engineered crops .
Scientists warn that other disasters are waiting to happen.
Scientists warn that the intense pressure now leaves the population vulnerable to collapse.
Scientists warn that the region has pent-up seismic energy along active faults.
Scientists warn the problem is having a big impact on residents in what used to be quiet areas.
Scientists wear coats.
Scientists wear lab coats.
Scientists welcome the challenge of further testing of any view whatever.
Scientists whoop and cheer as mission objectives are met and exceeded.
Scientists widely believe chlorofluoro-carbons, or CFCs, have reduced ozone in the upper atmosphere.
Scientists will have confidence.
Scientists will have facilities.
Scientists wishing to initiate research simply fill out a brief form which is read by the committee.
Scientists wonder how certain things work, so they try more and more to find out.
Scientists wonder if there is life under the frozen oceans on Europa or other distant moons.
Scientists wonder increasingly if the universe is infinite.
Scientists wonder too.
Scientists wonder where the water went.
Scientists wonder why the poorer people of our world have more health problems.
Scientists work alone, but they also work in teams.
Scientists work at laboratories.
Scientists work at stations.
Scientists work at weather stations.
Scientists work closely with state and federal officials in a variety of problem-solving capacities.
Scientists work creatively, trying to put the pieces together.
Scientists work for departments.
Scientists work for governments , companies , schools and research institutes .
Scientists work for governments, companies, schools and research institutes.
Scientists work full time.
Scientists work hard to find and identify soil wildlife.
Scientists work here studying the gene which is thought to cause breast cancer.
Scientists work in a very methodical fashion.
Scientists work in areas.
Scientists work in dairy cattle industries.
Scientists work in fields.
Scientists work in industries.
Scientists work in laboratories.
Scientists work in labs.
Scientists work in more than a dozen huts and tents on the ice.
Scientists work in offices where they study charts and maps of geothermal resources.
Scientists work in organizations.
Scientists work in private industries.
Scientists work in specialize fields.
Scientists work in teams.
Scientists work in teams.
Scientists work largely through experimentation, disregarding unsubstantiated ideas and theories.
Scientists work long hours in the field, laugh much, and sleep hard.
Scientists work on a focused level but with many disciplines and numerous pieces of data.
Scientists work on problems.
Scientists work on scientific problems.
Scientists work on teams with other scientists in various disciplines.
Scientists work on teams.
Scientists work on the honor system, and are aghast to discover knowing deception.
Scientists work on the ice in the Arctic under a midnight sun.
Scientists work time.
Scientists work to determine how serious the threat is.
Scientists work to uncover the secrets and develop orderly descriptions of nature.
Scientists work together as a team and share responsibilities.
Scientists work together to make sense of the data they collect.
Scientists work together to make sure weaknesses in the theory remain hidden.
Scientists work with developer.
Scientists work with experts.
Scientists work with facts.
Scientists work with farmers and zoos to save cheetahs.
Scientists work with farmers, processors and retailers to develop and demonstrate new techniques.
Scientists work with geothermal developer.
Scientists work with plants, animals, soil, terrain, climate and water supply of each region.
Scientists work with propositions to be proved later.
Scientists work with vertebrates.
Scientists working in different fields define the ranges of wavelength differently.
Scientists working in human nutrition utilize a variety of disciplinary approaches.
Scientists working manually can take two to three years to determine one piece of one protein.
Scientists working on a cure have few options.
Scientists working to protect manatees say the idea of stripping away protections is ridiculous.
Scientists working together can be more effective.
Scientists worldwide answer questions in different areas of science expertise.
Scientists worldwide are excited about the findings.
Scientists worry about a new eruption of seabed methane.
Scientists worry because wild genes often hold the key to disease resistance among domestic flocks.
Scientists worry most about fish that dwell near the river's bottom.
Scientists worry that adult crabs seem to be getting smaller, too.
Scientists worry that the drugs give users the wrong impression.
Scientists write books.
Scientists write for one another.
Scientists write proposals to use the instrument.
Scientists write reports about their finds and what they mean about the past.
Scientists write research proposals and review peer proposals.
Scientists write sell books.
Scientists always demand more than one experiment to prove a hypothesis.
Scientists always desire theories that are simpler than the data they explain.
Scientists always list research conducted by other scientists here.
Scientists always love planning.
Scientists always review and check the work of their colleagues.
Scientists always seek new peepholes into the past.
Scientists always seem to be prying into things that they really ought to stay out of.
Scientists always stumble on discoveries.
Scientists always write the scientific name in italics.
Scientists frequently measure distances from a planet in terms of the radius of that planet.
Scientists frequently remove dangerous marine debris from beaches and disentangle seals.
Scientists frequently use deuterium to study organic and biochemical reactions.
Scientists frequently use eggs as a standard for measuring the protein quality of other foods.
Scientists frequently work as parts of teams.
Scientist often monitor the changing appearance of a volcano, especially prior to an eruption.
Scientist often monitor the changing shape of a volcano, especially prior to an eruption.
Scientists often age an animal by looking at the enamel growth layers on the animal's teeth.
Scientists often are wrong.
Scientists often assume the existence of an objective reality, which is the object of their study.
Scientists often battle disease or infection with drugs that block the receptors an invader seeks.
Scientists often can then measure the size of the object and also the nature of the surface.
Scientists often categorize fossils as either trace fossils or body fossils.
Scientists often categorize mutualism into two types, obligate mutualism and facultative mutualism.
Scientists often compare the binding of proteins to a key matching a lock.
Scientists often compare the binding of proteins to a key matching with a lock.
Scientists often compare Titan to the early Earth, before life began.
Scientists often consult fellow scientists to discuss their research problems.
Scientists often consult the fossil record when considering issues of evolution.
Scientists often critique the design of the experiment and repeat it themselves.
Scientists often debate where each topic begins and ends .
Scientists often debate where each topic begins and ends.
Scientists often disagree about naming fossil specimens.
Scientists often disagree about scientific evidence and hypotheses.
Scientists often disagree about their explanations.
Scientists often disagree with one another.
Scientists often do different kinds of experiments to cross check their results.
Scientists often express considerable uncertainty about the dangers of a particular substance.
Scientists often find solutions to problems by knowing the results of other scientists' experiments.
Scientists often find themselves in a similar situation.
Scientists often follow protocols just as a cook follows a recipe.
Scientists often have different perspectives and views on what is important.
Scientists often have to use specific amounts of liquid in order to conduct experiments.
Scientists often identify what type of animals are in the area by noting their droppings.
Scientists often infer the unobservable from the observable.
Scientists often lapse into jargon and convoluted arguments when they write for the public.
Scientists often like to think of themselves as dispassionate seekers of knowledge.
Scientists often look to the Arctic for indications of the effects of global warming.
Scientists often make inferences based on their observations.
Scientists often make presentations to government agencies and business groups.
Scientists often make the analogy to a loose skin surrounding an orange.
Scientists often prove themselves wrong.
Scientists often reach different conclusions when commenting on the same or similar data.
Scientists often refer to beavers as the engineers of the animal world.
Scientists often refer to interesting problems as being sexy.
Scientists often refer to sex as a biological tradeoff.
Scientists often share personal and career-related discussions with the youths.
Scientists often spend an extended period of time examining individual images.
Scientists often study the tools, clothes, utensils, homes, and weapons of early civilizations.
Scientists often study very complex problems.
Scientists often study wildlife to determine the qualify of our environment.
Scientists often talk about an ideal world where laws uniformly apply.
Scientists often use a small world in a laboratory to study.
Scientists often use animals in their research.
Scientists often use different species in the laboratory for research into human organ development.
Scientists often use equations as models of natural processes.
Scientists often use homology to support the theory of evolution.
Scientists often use numbers that are so large or so small that they dazzle and confuse the mind.
Scientists often use phycobilins to track tumor cells.
Scientists often use pure compounds, with known solubilities and robust toxic end points.
Scientists often use rates to express quantities and to make changes from one unit to another.
Scientists often use sophisticated instruments to measure the exact pH of a substance.
Scientists often use statistical formulas to calculate an estimate of the amount of sampling error.
Scientists often use such devices to measure vibrations and tiny fluctuations in pressure.
Scientists often use the map as historical evidence.
Scientists often use the sea anemone in the laboratory setting to model corals.
Scientists often use the standardized sigma-naught values to classify image features.
Scientists often use vectors to graphically represent numerical problems.
Scientists often work from experiments of nature.
Scientists sometimes bend the truth to avoid work.
Scientists sometimes communicate uncertainty implicitly rather than explicitly.
Scientists sometimes compare the human brain to a computer.
Scientists sometimes compare the rainforest to a giant sponge that soaks up water from heavy rains.
Scientists sometimes disagree with the Bible.
Scientists sometimes do err - unconsciously and on purpose.
Scientists sometimes make some assumptions to simplify their work.
Scientists sometimes neglect to distinguish between living systems and their artifacts.
Scientists sometimes take baby eagles away from their parents.
Scientists sometimes use lenses to concentrate or spread a beam of light.
Scientists sometimes write a key to how to classify things.
Scientists usually classify organisms accor ding to their similarities.
Scientists usually conduct research in laboratories using a wide variety of other equipment.
Scientists usually define the natural communities on the basis of vegetation.
Scientists usually inquire about how physical, living, or designed systems function.
Scientists usually lose debates because they are too honest.
Scientists usually measure air density in kilograms per cubic meter.
Scientists usually measure the distance from one gene to the next in both directions.
Scientists usually prefer the common name lady beetles.
Scientists usually record data in an orderly way.
Scientists usually reject data from such sources.
Scientists usually think about science in terms of their discipline or subdiscipline.
Scientists usually think of farmers as collecting seeds in a clumsy way.
Scientists usually use radians.
Scientists usually use the metric system of measurement.
Scientists usually use the metric system.
Scientists usually wear shorts, blue jeans, t-shirts, etc.
Scientists usually wear shorts, tennis shoes, blue jeans, T-shirts, etc.
All scientists agree on that.
All scientists agree that evolution is a fact.
All scientists are human, and sometimes make mistakes.
All scientists are welcome to contribute regardless of which part of the world they come from.
All scientists believe in the greenhouse effect.
All scientists can have one common name.
All scientists can say is that Maine s state fossil was probably green.
All scientists can say is that they boost a chemical in the brain associated with peace of mind.
All scientists cheat on their data, on their spouses, and on their income taxes.
All scientists collaborate on their work.
All scientists do is look through a microscope in a laboratory.
All scientists do that.
All scientists have a professional responsibility to be honest in their publications.
All scientists have expectations and prejudices.
All scientists have their own locked evidence vault.
All scientists involved in developing the sampling protocols are people from the support team.
All scientists keep some form of organized record of their experimental work.
All scientists know that the natural oil on earth is very limited.
All scientists share their work, even when they are working alone.
All scientists spend time communicating with colleagues and the general public.
All scientists support the diet-heart idea.
All scientists tell the truth.
All scientists work as part of a team on one or more problems related to the theme of our research.
All scientists work under the assumption that the world is knowable.
All scientists working in the area are well informed about rattlesnake bites.
All scientists working in the field are welcome to submit a paper for the special issue.
All scientists write and publish the results of their research.
Every scientist believes that.
Every scientist is an idealist.
Every scientist keeps a personal work record in which they list work tasks and raises received.
Every scientist knows that even our best-confirmed theories are in general only approximate truths.
Every scientist needs to be free and independent.
Every scientist understands the importance of the scientific literature.
Many scientists always make many research and they also keep trying to make a new innovations.
Many scientist believe that much of the missing oxygen is locked up in the planet's crust.
Many scientist expect that a theory only stands if it can be replicated over and over again.
Many scientists acknowledge that cloning invites a host of ethical and scientific dilemmas.
Many scientists acknowledge that evolution can be hard to swallow.
Many scientists actually expect that, in a few years, natural foods are likely to disappear.
Many scientists advise against human reproductive cloning.
Many scientists agree that clay particles that served as organic molecule construction sites.
Many scientists agree that humans are speeding up the rise in temperature of the earth.
Many scientists agree that life exists in other portions of the universe and even in our galaxy.
Many scientists agree that much of South Jersey at the time had a barren, tundra-like landscape.
Many scientists agree that small doses of radiation are beneficial.
Many scientists agree with that position.
Many scientists aim to eradicate diseases and help the poor.
Many scientists also consider the eating of plants by animal species to be predation as well.
Many scientists also offer a word of advice for aspiring scientists.
Many scientists also point to a substance known as glutamate as having a hand in neuron death.
Many scientists also recognize bank reefs and patch reefs as distinct reef types.
Many scientists also support the possibility of lunar phases influencing human affairs.
Many scientists approach it as a massive human experiment.
Many scientists are also concerned.
Many scientists are also physicalists.
Many scientists are also treasure hunters.
Many scientists are closet artists, musicians or poets for much the same reason.
Many scientists are convinced that birds evolved from the dinosaurs.
Many scientists are deeply religious.
Many scientists are full or associate members of international scientific academies.
Many scientists are hesitant to even ask questions concerning origins.
Many scientists are in dispute over theories and findings about life on Mars.
Many scientists are interested in using natural gas to generate electricity.
Many scientists are involved but nine head the project.
Many scientists are like Einstein, in that they have a deep emotional attachment to determinism.
Many scientists are more enthusiastic about advances made within the last year.
Many scientists are more than happy to share information with Some information gets leaked .
Many scientists are more than willing to help young people with an interest in science.
Many scientists are privately bitter and say the process is unfair.
Many scientists are religious.
Many scientists are satisfied with that.
Many scientists are skeptical about a successful cloning.
Many scientists are skeptical and still refuse to acknowledge their existence.
Many scientists are skeptical of the thylacine project.
Many scientists are still sceptical.
Many scientists are very approachable and can supply useful background information.
Many scientists are very worried about the disappearance of plants and animals.
Many scientists are violently opposed to it.
Many scientists argue for evolution.
Many scientists assume that science is already a profession in the formal sense.
Many scientists attempt to conclude the future from the evolution .
Many scientists attribute the problem to the misuse of antibiotics in humans and animals.
Many scientists attribute the rise to increased emissions of gases that trap heat.
Many scientists base their entire careers on animal experiments.
Many scientists begin their research days washing bottles.
Many scientists believe a catastrophe is in the making.
Many scientists believe a large asteroid was responsible for the demise of the dinosaurs.
Many scientists believe aging muscles or muscles deprived exercise go through shortening.
Many scientists believe any exposure to a cancer-causing substance increases the risk of cancer.
Many scientists believe birds evolved from dinosaurs.
Many scientists believe carbon dioxide emissions are contributing to the warming of the planet.
Many scientists believe dioxin is formed through a catalyzed reaction on fly ash surfaces.
Many scientists believe human hunting and climate change combined to kill off the mammoths.
Many scientists believe it can be triggered by stress.
Many scientists believe it is also a dangerous neurotoxin.
Many scientists believe it is linked to nutrient runoff including wastes from poultry farms.
Many scientists believe it is overdue for an eruption.
Many scientists believe massive black holes thrive at the center of most galaxies.
Many scientists believe plaques are the probable trigger of AD's destruction in the brain.
Many scientists believe psoriasis is triggered by an immune system or inflammatory response.
Many scientists believe slumping can trigger tsunamis.
Many scientists believe such emissions are causing the Earth to warm significantly.
Many scientists believe such emissions are causing the Earth to warm up significantly.
Many scientists believe that a mutation exists on a certain gene that causes aggressive behavior.
Many scientists believe that a viable population needs at least one hundred wolves.
Many scientists believe that acid deposition contributes to deforestation and soil degradation.
Many scientists believe that allicin is the key to the health benefits of using garlic.
Many scientists believe that any level of sodium fluoride is harmful and unsafe.
Many scientists believe that efforts to slow the development of resistance in pests are ineffectual.
Many scientists believe that handedness is genetic.
Many scientists believe that humans are the only species on the planet who have emotions.
Many scientists believe that ibex goats are keeping the mountain juniper forests from expanding.
Many scientists believe that part of the cause is a buildup of greenhouse gases.
Many scientists believe that rivers and lakes existed in the past on Mars, and perhaps even oceans.
Many scientists believe that teeth evolved from placoid scales.
Many scientists believe that the algae, called zooxanthellae, promote polyp calcification.
Many scientists believe that the biggest gaps in human understanding relate to consciousness.
Many scientists believe that the chemical exposure is the main cause.
Many scientists believe that the emperors of cultural studies have no clothes.
Many scientists believe that the mantle transfers heat from the core to the surface.
Many scientists believe that the origin of life required molecular handedness.
Many scientists believe that the penguins' coloration evolved as a means of camouflage.
Many scientists believe that the solar cycle plays an important role in climate change.
Many scientists believe that the universe is naturally evolving toward a state of maximum entropy.
Many scientists believe that there is life out there, but as yet they have no proof.
Many scientists believe that thoughts are energy.
Many scientists believe that western Atlantic nesting populations deserve endangered status.
Many scientists believe that, as a result of global warming, the polar ice cap is beginning to melt.
Many scientists believe that, sometime around four billion years ago, simple life arose.
Many scientists believe the best way to search for our origins is to begin with the basics.
Many scientists believe the hyperthermophile lineages reflect the first organisms on Earth.
Many scientists believe the illness can be passed on to humans via infected beef.
Many scientists believe the neutrino has no mass at all.
Many scientists believe the next pandemic is long overdue.
Many scientists believe the right hemisphere is associated with emotional and subconscious learning.
Many scientists believe the virus spread to humans through infected ape or monkey meat.
Many scientists believe the warming is being accelerated by air pollution.
Many scientists believe there is no safe level of exposure to a cance causing agent.
Many scientists believe there is no safe level of exposure to a cancer causing agent.
Many scientists believe there is no safe level of exposure to a cancer-causing agent.
Many scientists believe there is no safe level of exposure to a carcinogen.
Many scientists believe there is no safe level of exposure to any cancer-causing agent.
Many scientists believe there is no safe level of exposure.
Many scientists believe they arose south of the equator and migrated north.
Many scientists believe they migrate using the magnetic field of the earth.
Many scientists believe, however, that Mars once had much more water than is visible today.
Many scientists belive that coral reefs absorb carbon dioxide in the same way that oceans do.
Many scientists blame the events on global climate change in part brought on by greenhouse gases.
Many scientists blame the gases for global warming.
Many scientists call today's loss of biodiversity The Sixth Extinction.
Many scientists chafe at having to engage in ethical debates when such fascinating horizons beckon.
Many scientists characterize viruses as nonliving.
Many scientists claim that the ingestion of genetically engineered food is harmless.
Many scientists clearly understand the restrictions of scientific methods.
Many scientists come for training in the latest diagnostic techniques.
Many scientists come from around the world to study there.
Many scientists compare the union to a key fitting in a lock.
Many scientists complain of being too busy to read the literature.
Many scientists consider genetic damage to fry unlikely.
Many scientists consider photosynthesis to be the most important life process on Earth.
Many scientists consider the bear's winter sleep to be an example of hibernation.
Many scientists consider the tuna the most highly-evolved fish in the world.
Many scientists consider two subspecies of brown bear.
Many scientists contend that neurological damage from lead poisoning is irreversible.
Many scientists describe the snake as a symbol of movement and of development.
Many scientists develop and test models in order to predict future conditions.
Many scientists disagree.
Many scientists disavow even that cautious assertion.
Many scientists disclaim any role of a supreme being in the design of creation.
Many scientists divide satellites into four main groups based on their geologic history.
Many scientists do a poor job of extrapolating their data.
Many scientists do choose to go into industry because it usually pays more than academics.
Many scientists do in fact underestimate how subjective their work is.
Many scientists do science in a lab.
Many scientists doubt such phenomena have any factual basis.
Many scientists doubt the truth of evolution.
Many scientists draw on their dual backgrounds in science and art.
Many scientists enjoy finding answers to questions outside their specialty.
Many scientists enjoy working with the public.
Many scientists even claim that reproduction is the basis and purpose of all life.
Many scientists eventually become dewy-eyed about the beauty of the universe and nature's laws.
Many scientists expect aquaculture to relieve pressure on the ocean's fish stocks.
Many scientists expect graphene to play a large role in electronics.
Many scientists expect long-term damage to continue for decades to come.
Many scientists expect the Arctic to be a bellwether of any climate change.
Many scientists fear that freshwater stingrays are threatened by habitat loss and pollution.
Many scientists fear that human activity is the driving force behind the warming.
Many scientists fear that increased levels of carbon dioxide is leading to global climate change.
Many scientists feel an outbreak of disease is inevitable.
Many scientists focus on the research segment of a university s mission.
Many scientists freely choose to believe in the supernatural, as confirmed by the recent survey.
Many scientists give donkeys separate species status for convenience.
Many scientists go a lifetime without being able to publish in such a prestigious journal.
Many scientists happen to be religious.
Many scientists hate it.
Many scientists have a vested interest in pushing evolution.
Many scientists have different understandings and uses of bioengineering.
Many scientists have few if any objections to cloning animals.
Many scientists have high hopes for stem cell research.
Many scientists have no exposure to or interest in business.
Many scientists have theories.
Many scientists have to send their information to the database .
Many scientists have to send their information to the database.
Many scientists have.
Many scientists keep daily journals on their research findings.
Many scientists keep individuals in refrigerators in various types of envelopes.
Many scientists love animals and have pets of their own.
Many scientists maintain that no transmissible disease agent has yet been identified irrefutably.
Many scientists make a distinction between speech and language.
Many scientists now admit that research on origins of life has reached a dead end.
Many scientists now agree that the earth's climate is warming.
Many scientists now believe climate can change dramatically over just one decade.
Many scientists now believe that great white sharks are intelligent , highly inquisitive creatures.
Many scientists now believe that the brain basically works by simulating reality.
Many scientists now believe the Earth's climate changed drastically.
Many scientists now consider the five-kingdom system outdated.
Many scientists now wonder if they proper safeguards are in place.
Many scientists post information to the web about disappearing frogs.
Many scientists practice what they call methodological naturalism .
Many scientists practice what they call methodological naturalism.
Many scientists prefer to use disease, or natural and cataclysmic disaster as the explanation.
Many scientists probably look for facts to bolster their beliefs and hopes.
Many scientists pursue careers in research.
Many scientists question the priorities and purposes of particular branches of science.
Many scientists recognize the link between the origin of oil and exploration.
Many scientists regard the big issues as beyond their ken and better left to the philosophers.
Many scientists regard the sharp decline in reef health as alarming.
Many scientists remain skeptical about the ephemeral parts of their own theories.
Many scientists say antibiotics on the farm are forcing food-borne germs to start mutating, too.
Many scientists say it is frightening that a disease that kills so many is so little understood.
Many scientists say it's the surest way to restore salmon runs on the Snake River.
Many scientists say pollution from cars is causing global warming.
Many scientists say temperature changes linked to human activity already are occurring.
Many scientists say that biological diversity is declining at a dangerous rate.
Many scientists say that eating beef from hormone-fed cattle can cause cancer in humans.
Many scientists say that is just too little to assure stable populations of many species.
Many scientists say that only people can think.
Many scientists say that our limited understanding of the procedure makes it dangerous.
Many scientists say that there is no safe level of exposure to a carcinogen.
Many scientists say the rules are extremely restrictive.
Many scientists say there is no such thing as miracles, that is, supernatural intervention.
Many scientists see agrobiotechnology as the solution to an upcoming food crisis.
Many scientists see balloon technology as an economical means of studying the Earth and space.
Many scientists see that their results are misused to fortify stupidities that exist for centuries.
Many scientists shy away from referring to such a Providence.
Many scientists speak dismissively about religion and believers.
Many scientists speculate they are the result of ancient treasure hunting efforts.
Many scientists study animal behavior in order to help endangered animals make a comeback.
Many scientists study the physics of baseball to build, test and improve equipment.
Many scientists suggest that the ancestors of modern salamanders are among the lepospondyls.
Many scientists surmise that fluid metallic hydrogen exists deep inside Jupiter and Saturn.
Many scientists think a warming Antarctic climate is induced by human activity.
Many scientists think dinosaurs died from large glaciers or even a comet hitting the earth.
Many scientists think greenhouse gases are heating up the Earth's atmosphere dangerously.
Many scientists think it's a mechanism for cells to position themselves in a water column.
Many scientists think maniraptorans gave rise to birds.
Many scientists think so.
Many scientists think that high biodiversity equates with ecosystem stability.
Many scientists think that insects share an ancestor with the crustaceans.
Many scientists think that it is genetically based.
Many scientists think that it's genetically based.
Many scientists think that life is an emergent quality.
Many scientists think that the dinosaur did both.
Many scientists think that the two groups of orangutans are subspecies, and others disagree.
Many scientists think the Earth is warming up.
Many scientists think the flu comes from ducks in China.
Many scientists think the gases are causing global warming.
Many scientists think the virus spread to people through infected ape or monkey meat.
Many scientists think their arrival in the Pacific Northwest is just a matter of time.
Many scientists think there is an ocean of liquid water underneath the ice of Jupiter's moon Europa.
Many scientists use acoustics to estimate the abundance of biological animals in the water column.
Many scientists use animals in their quest for information, including Zoologists.
Many scientists use standard error to make their data look better than it really is.
Many scientists use the scientific method for their research .
Many scientists use the scientific method for their research.
Many scientists view telomerase inhibition as a potential new approach to cancer therapy.
Many scientists work in the private sector.
Many scientists work on project teams.
Many scientists work together on joint projects.
More scientists arrive.
Most scientists usually say there are no potential toxic effects of consuming carotenoids.
Most scientist agree that the changing day length is a huge cue for migration.
Most scientist now believe that it is possible there is other intelligent life in the universe.
Most scientists accept conclusions.
Most scientists accept descents.
Most scientists accept the free radical theory of aging.
Most scientists accept the theory of initiation and promotion.
Most scientists account for factors.
Most scientists achieve aims.
Most scientists agree gamma radiation of products poses no threat to humans.
Most scientists agree it is premature to talk of cloning the woolly mammoth.
Most scientists agree that catnip provides a harmless recreation for cats.
Most scientists agree that CFCs and halons have no negative impact at ground level.
Most scientists agree that deer are likely to suffer in the final stages of hunting.
Most scientists agree that each gemstone varies in chemical composition and crystalline structure.
Most scientists agree that further studies on the efficacy of marijuana are warranted.
Most scientists agree that global warming is a problem.
Most scientists agree that global warming is caused by an increase of in the atmosphere.
Most scientists agree that global warming is real and dangerous.
Most scientists agree that heavy metals can enter the body through food, drinking water, and air.
Most scientists agree that human impact on climate change has become a major threat.
Most scientists agree that it is carcinogenic, although, there are a few skeptics.
Most scientists agree that it was then re-exported on infected seed potatoes.
Most scientists agree that life exists in other solar systems.
Most scientists agree that sinks lower the amount of greenhouse gas in the atmosphere.
Most scientists agree that the earth is heating up, but the cause of global warming is less certain.
Most scientists agree that the journeying took place between ten and twenty thousand years ago.
Most scientists agree that the key to our success is the unusually large size of our brains.
Most scientists agree that the reason the moon looks bigger is purely in our minds.
Most scientists agree that the warming was a natural climate variation.
Most scientists agree that there has been a major security breach in our nuclear labs.
Most scientists agree that there is human-induced climate change occuring.
Most scientists agree that viruses are alive because of what happens when they infect a host cell.
Most scientists agree the image was produced by an oxidation-dehydration of the cellulose fibers.
Most scientists agree the universe erupted from the ''big bang'' explosion.
Most scientists agree, attributing the problem to the overuse and misuse of antibiotics.
Most scientists agree, however, that the final word is years away.
Most scientists also believe that the burning of fossil fuels is causing global warming.
Most scientists analyze government policy.
Most scientists analyze policy.
Most scientists analyze roles.
Most scientists analyze trials.
Most scientists announce discoveries.
Most scientists answer six questions once per month.
Most scientists apply knowledge.
Most scientists are aware that women are underrepresented in all natural science fields.
Most scientists are convinced that eating contaminated beef is the most likely mode of transmission.
Most scientists are eager to have their work peer-reviewed by other scientists.
Most scientists are enthusiastic about their own ideas and discoveries.
Most scientists are explore methods.
Most scientists are explore possibility.
Most scientists are fortunate to participate in the creation of one paradigm.
Most scientists are honest and do it unconsciously.
Most scientists are honest.
Most scientists are keenly aware of the merits of peer review.
Most scientists are of the opinion that it was gradual and caused by a change within the oceans.
Most scientists are rightly skeptical.
Most scientists are skeptical.
Most scientists are what they are because they find the world astonishing, and wonderful.
Most scientists are wrong most of the time.
Most scientists argue classifications.
Most scientists argue concern.
Most scientists argue ideas.
Most scientists argue theories.
Most scientists ask human subjects to sign forms describing the risks and benefits of the research.
Most scientists assess different treatments.
Most scientists assess treatments.
Most scientists assume degeneration.
Most scientists assume slow degeneration.
Most scientists attend universities.
Most scientists become scientists.
Most scientists begin tests.
Most scientists begin theories.
Most scientists believe birds are descended from dinosaurs.
Most scientists believe extinction.
Most scientists believe gases such as carbon dioxide are key contributors to global warming.
Most scientists believe life originated by chance.
Most scientists believe mass extinction.
Most scientists believe psychological experience is stored in the brain.
Most scientists believe small cetaceans are somewhere between dogs and chimpanzees in intelligence.
Most scientists believe that all humans trace their roots to the African continent.
Most scientists believe that animal or test tube studies can predict anticancer activity.
Most scientists believe that dolphins are on a level with chimpanzees and dogs.
Most scientists believe that human activities are already shaping climate trends.
Most scientists believe that improvement in childhood nutrition to be the cause.
Most scientists believe that it is most likely spread in the air.
Most scientists believe that it is too cold for much of anything to happen.
Most scientists believe that the cause of premature aging is a chronically weakened immune system.
Most scientists believe that the color of speleothems are determined by the mineral content.
Most scientists believe that the loss of sea ice forces a reduction in krill populations.
Most scientists believe that the universe is expanding.
Most scientists believe that under the cracked ice is an ocean of water.
Most scientists believe that, in the quantities used, pesticides are safe.
Most scientists believe the Earth is warming, though satellite observations cast some doubt.
Most scientists believe the first living cells formed in, or at the edges of primordial seas.
Most scientists believe the humans caught the disease by consuming infected meat.
Most scientists believe the organic theory.
Most scientists believe the risks of that happening are slight.
Most scientists believe the size of the earth's population is THE most critical environmental issue.
Most scientists blame mankind for fueling the trend.
Most scientists call the area north of the treeline Arctic .
Most scientists call the area north of the treeline Arctic.
Most scientists can do delicate experiments.
Most scientists can do experiments.
Most scientists change behavior.
Most scientists change ideas.
Most scientists cite causes.
Most scientists cite other possible causes.
Most scientists cite possible causes.
Most scientists classify living things into one of the following six kingdoms.
Most scientists classify methods.
Most scientists classify types.
Most scientists collaborate with other researchers.
Most scientists collaborate with researchers.
Most scientists collaborate with scientists.
Most scientists collaborate with their colleagues, rather than working all by themselves.
Most scientists collect cases.
Most scientists collect information.
Most scientists collect life history information.
Most scientists collect samples.
Most scientists compare results.
Most scientists compare samples.
Most scientists complete experiments.
Most scientists concerned with big animals think that hybridisation is an exception.
Most scientists conduct classifications.
Most scientists conduct experiments.
Most scientists conduct novel experiments.
Most scientists conduct tests.
Most scientists conduct themselves according to the ethical norms of science.
Most scientists confirm attributes.
Most scientists consider chemistry.
Most scientists consider diversity.
Most scientists consider environmental factors.
Most scientists consider factors.
Most scientists consider ideas.
Most scientists consider macroevolution to just be microevolution which has gone on for a long time.
Most scientists consider swamp s, marsh es, and bog s to be the three major kinds of wetlands.
Most scientists consider variation.
Most scientists continue education.
Most scientists continue tradition.
Most scientists contribute to development.
Most scientists contribute to discoveries.
Most scientists control conditions.
Most scientists create environmental sensitivity index maps.
Most scientists create maps.
Most scientists create materials.
Most scientists create sensitivity index maps.
Most scientists currently recognize seven living species of sea turtles grouped into six genera.
Most scientists define forests depending on finer gradients of rainfall.
Most scientists demonstrate causes.
Most scientists demonstrate inventions.
Most scientists describe discoveries.
Most scientists describe events.
Most scientists determine ages.
Most scientists determine amounts.
Most scientists determine causes.
Most scientists determine concentration.
Most scientists determine extent.
Most scientists determine length.
Most scientists determine likelihood.
Most scientists determine mainstreams.
Most scientists determine types.
Most scientists develop conditions.
Most scientists develop experiments.
Most scientists develop images.
Most scientists develop methods.
Most scientists develop treatments.
Most scientists devise classifications.
Most scientists devise ways.
Most scientists disagree and point to a comet or an asteroid being the cosmic culprit.
Most scientists discount the existence of such a creature.
Most scientists discover aspects.
Most scientists discover bacteria.
Most scientists discover birth defects.
Most scientists discover defects.
Most scientists discover disorder.
Most scientists discover effects.
Most scientists discover elements.
Most scientists discover evidence.
Most scientists discover existence.
Most scientists discover health.
Most scientists discover importance.
Most scientists discover injuries.
Most scientists discover life.
Most scientists discover medicine.
Most scientists discover performance.
Most scientists discover presence.
Most scientists discover relate birth defects.
Most scientists discover relate defects.
Most scientists discover results.
Most scientists discover sources.
Most scientists discover strategies.
Most scientists discover structures.
Most scientists discover types.
Most scientists discover ways.
Most scientists discuss cases.
Most scientists disdain gambling because they know the math.
Most scientists dismiss fears about the health risks of genetically-altered crops.
Most scientists dismiss ideas.
Most scientists do experiments.
Most scientists document human pregnancy.
Most scientists document pregnancy.
Most scientists draw clear distinction.
Most scientists draw distinction.
Most scientists draw inference.
Most scientists employ innovative strategies.
Most scientists employ protocols.
Most scientists employ research protocols.
Most scientists employ strategies.
Most scientists employ theories.
Most scientists enter fields.
Most scientists enter territory.
Most scientists establish fields.
Most scientists estimate size.
Most scientists evaluate control methods.
Most scientists evaluate methods.
Most scientists evaluate values.
Most scientists examine aspects.
Most scientists examine effects.
Most scientists examine fecal samples.
Most scientists examine importance.
Most scientists examine samples.
Most scientists examine specimens.
Most scientists explain capacity.
Most scientists explore ideas.
Most scientists explore mysteries.
Most scientists explore new ideas.
Most scientists explore potential.
Most scientists extend investigations.
Most scientists extend observations.
Most scientists face problems.
Most scientists fear disasters.
Most scientists feel presence.
Most scientists feel that a third order stream can be classified as a river.
Most scientists feel weather played the dominant role.
Most scientists find animals.
Most scientists find answers.
Most scientists find areas.
Most scientists find biospheres.
Most scientists find capability.
Most scientists find consequences.
Most scientists find evidence.
Most scientists find feedback.
Most scientists find functions.
Most scientists find gases.
Most scientists find ideas.
Most scientists find information.
Most scientists find methods.
Most scientists find orbits.
Most scientists find particular scientific theories.
Most scientists find plots.
Most scientists find results.
Most scientists find scientific theories.
Most scientists find theories.
Most scientists find wave functions.
Most scientists focus attention.
Most scientists focus on areas.
Most scientists focus on mass.
Most scientists focus on methods.
Most scientists focus on roles.
Most scientists forget that.
Most scientists form societies.
Most scientists formulate theories.
Most scientists gather evidence.
Most scientists gather knowledge.
Most scientists gather theories.
Most scientists get evidence.
Most scientists get ideas.
Most scientists get information.
Most scientists giggle when they hear about UFOs, because the distance between stars is so great.
Most scientists give evidence.
Most scientists give subjects.
Most scientists go back and forth between the two.
Most scientists have a lot more trouble getting their projects off the ground.
Most scientists have a strong individualistic streak, and find such a challenge irresistible.
Most scientists have areas.
Most scientists have chances.
Most scientists have code.
Most scientists have confidence.
Most scientists have contact.
Most scientists have degrees.
Most scientists have details.
Most scientists have diets.
Most scientists have different ideas.
Most scientists have difficulty.
Most scientists have direct experience.
Most scientists have documentation.
Most scientists have ethical code.
Most scientists have experience.
Most scientists have freezers and storage cabinets bulging with materials from earlier research.
Most scientists have glass.
Most scientists have graduate degrees.
Most scientists have ideas fail many times before they are successful.
Most scientists have ideas.
Most scientists have information.
Most scientists have interest.
Most scientists have new ideas.
Most scientists have opportunity.
Most scientists have pictures.
Most scientists have plants.
Most scientists have results.
Most scientists have similar ideas.
Most scientists have subjects.
Most scientists have talent.
Most scientists have unique opportunity.
Most scientists have ways.
Most scientists help procedures.
Most scientists hold degrees.
Most scientists hold little expectation of that.
Most scientists identify cases.
Most scientists identify components.
Most scientists identify designs.
Most scientists identify issues.
Most scientists identify materials.
Most scientists identify patterns.
Most scientists identify plastic materials.
Most scientists identify sites.
Most scientists identify special plastic materials.
Most scientists interpret facts.
Most scientists introduce concepts.
Most scientists investigate conservation.
Most scientists investigate habitat conservation.
Most scientists investigate ideas.
Most scientists investigate interest.
Most scientists investigate own interest.
Most scientists investigate problems.
Most scientists investigate strategies.
Most scientists involve in development.
Most scientists involve in issues.
Most scientists involve in management issues.
Most scientists involve in science.
Most scientists involve in weed science.
Most scientists join researchers.
Most scientists keep a research notebook.
Most scientists keep tracks.
Most scientists know about survival.
Most scientists know earthquakes.
Most scientists know functions.
Most scientists know instinctively how to judge a scientific paper.
Most scientists know investigations.
Most scientists know makers.
Most scientists know spiders.
Most scientists know theories.
Most scientists launch trials.
Most scientists lead teams.
Most scientists learn about apes.
Most scientists learn about critters.
Most scientists learn about dinosaurs.
Most scientists learn about effects.
Most scientists learn about evolution.
Most scientists learn about genetics.
Most scientists learn about human genetics.
Most scientists learn about jellyfish.
Most scientists learn about monkeys.
Most scientists learn about rats.
Most scientists learn areas.
Most scientists learn as much about their subject as possible.
Most scientists learn biology.
Most scientists learn causes.
Most scientists learn effects.
Most scientists learn growth.
Most scientists learn life.
Most scientists learn lots.
Most scientists learn results.
Most scientists learn size.
Most scientists learn whole lots.
Most scientists leave universities.
Most scientists look at death.
Most scientists look at evidence.
Most scientists look at features.
Most scientists look at genetic evidence.
Most scientists look at images.
Most scientists look at knowledge.
Most scientists look at physical features.
Most scientists look for similarity.
Most scientists look for ways.
Most scientists love the exactness of science.
Most scientists maintain distinction.
Most scientists maintain knowledge.
Most scientists make a career out of one good idea.
Most scientists make assumptions.
Most scientists make certain assumptions.
Most scientists make correct hypotheses.
Most scientists make decisions.
Most scientists make discoveries.
Most scientists make distinction.
Most scientists make hypotheses.
Most scientists make new discoveries.
Most scientists make observations.
Most scientists make predictions.
Most scientists make preparation.
Most scientists make progress.
Most scientists make recent discoveries.
Most scientists make startle discoveries.
Most scientists make term climate predictions.
Most scientists make tests.
Most scientists measure amounts.
Most scientists measure effects.
Most scientists measure ranges.
Most scientists measure time.
Most scientists measure weight.
Most scientists monitor components.
Most scientists monitor methods.
Most scientists monitor various methods.
Most scientists never change paradigms, but paradigm shifts do occur.
Most scientists now accept light is indeed energy packets, which they call photons.
Most scientists now accept the power of psychological variables to modulate stress physiology.
Most scientists now agree on that.
Most scientists now agree that the Earth is hotter than it has been for at least a thousand years.
Most scientists now agree that time travel is possible.
Most scientists now believe such rocks are the basic building blocks of the solar system.
Most scientists now believe that the situation is becoming critical.
Most scientists now work in groups.
Most scientists observe apparent effects.
Most scientists observe behavior.
Most scientists observe climates.
Most scientists observe differences.
Most scientists observe effects.
Most scientists observe gravitational effects.
Most scientists observe mate behavior.
Most scientists observe patterns.
Most scientists observe presence.
Most scientists observe recessive patterns.
Most scientists observe regions.
Most scientists observe types.
Most scientists offer contributions.
Most scientists offer recommendations.
Most scientists offer specific recommendations.
Most scientists pay attention.
Most scientists pay close attention.
Most scientists pay little heed to the organizations which both shape and sustain their activities.
Most scientists pay much attention.
Most scientists perform experiments.
Most scientists perform remarkable experiments.
Most scientists perform successful experiments.
Most scientists point their finger at estrogen as the contributing factor for both.
Most scientists point to two reasons why so few freshwater organisms exhibit bioluminescence.
Most scientists possess quality.
Most scientists predict effects.
Most scientists prepare summaries.
Most scientists produce evidence.
Most scientists produce solid evidence.
Most scientists propose areas.
Most scientists propose explanations.
Most scientists propose frameworks.
Most scientists propose ideas.
Most scientists propose interference.
Most scientists propose notions.
Most scientists propose theories.
Most scientists provide compel evidence.
Most scientists provide evidence.
Most scientists provide information.
Most scientists provide suggestions.
Most scientists publish books.
Most scientists publish descriptions.
Most scientists publish paper.
Most scientists publish several books.
Most scientists pursue degrees.
Most scientists pursue mysteries.
Most scientists question fundamental theories.
Most scientists question theories.
Most scientists realize theories.
Most scientists recognize energy.
Most scientists recognize genus.
Most scientists recognize humans.
Most scientists recognize importance.
Most scientists recognize kinds.
Most scientists recognize observations.
Most scientists recognize occurrences.
Most scientists recognize orangutans.
Most scientists recognize orcas.
Most scientists recognize potential problems.
Most scientists recognize power.
Most scientists recognize problems.
Most scientists recognize that information can be exchanged for entropy and vice versa.
Most scientists record results.
Most scientists regard carbon dioxide as a leading contributor to global warming.
Most scientists regard it as silly nonsense.
Most scientists reject notions.
Most scientists rely on evidence.
Most scientists rely on methods.
Most scientists rely on quantitative methods.
Most scientists repeat measurements.
Most scientists report cell growth.
Most scientists report consumption.
Most scientists report discoveries.
Most scientists report growth.
Most scientists report ideas.
Most scientists report levels.
Most scientists report observations.
Most scientists report occurrences.
Most scientists report pandas.
Most scientists report the results of the experiments they've conducted and stop writing.
Most scientists report types.
Most scientists report zoo pandas.
Most scientists represent expertise.
Most scientists require information.
Most scientists require specific information.
Most scientists require specific soil information.
Most scientists say it is fairly guarded, and is supportable.
Most scientists say no.
Most scientists say that homeopathic remedies are basically water and can act only as placebos.
Most scientists say that is only an unreal subjective perception.
Most scientists say that's even more important.
Most scientists say the confusion begins with the public's understanding of fecal pollution.
Most scientists say the idea of such a gadget is ludicrous.
Most scientists say they consider both approaches to be tedious, time-consuming, and inefficient.
Most scientists see animals.
Most scientists see effects.
Most scientists see evidence.
Most scientists see gravitational effects.
Most scientists see interference.
Most scientists see logic.
Most scientists see sources.
Most scientists see values.
Most scientists select samples.
Most scientists shake heads.
Most scientists share interest.
Most scientists share results.
Most scientists show behavior.
Most scientists show scale behavior.
Most scientists sign documents.
Most scientists simply use the name phenols.
Most scientists specialize in areas.
Most scientists specialize in fields.
Most scientists still park their faith, if they have it, at the laboratory door.
Most scientists still reject the idea that the dead return to earth as spirits.
Most scientists study animal behavior.
Most scientists study aspects.
Most scientists study atmospheres.
Most scientists study atmospheric optical phenomena.
Most scientists study atmospheric phenomena.
Most scientists study bees.
Most scientists study beetles.
Most scientists study behavior.
Most scientists study behaviour.
Most scientists study causes.
Most scientists study characteristics.
Most scientists study courtship behavior.
Most scientists study critters.
Most scientists study development.
Most scientists study effects.
Most scientists study genetics.
Most scientists study human behavior.
Most scientists study insects.
Most scientists study jellyfish.
Most scientists study materials.
Most scientists study methods.
Most scientists study mice.
Most scientists study microbes.
Most scientists study operations.
Most scientists study optical phenomena.
Most scientists study origins.
Most scientists study patterns.
Most scientists study phenomena.
Most scientists study physical characteristics.
Most scientists study reproduction.
Most scientists study size.
Most scientists study topics.
Most scientists study trends.
Most scientists studying global climate change look to the atmosphere.
Most scientists suffer from anxiety.
Most scientists suffer from naive incredulity.
Most scientists suggest nutrients.
Most scientists suggest that eukaryotes arose from prokaryotes.
Most scientists support darwin theories.
Most scientists support ideas.
Most scientists support theories.
Most scientists take advantage.
Most scientists take approaches.
Most scientists take censuses.
Most scientists take conservative approaches.
Most scientists take discoveries.
Most scientists take diverse approaches.
Most scientists take information.
Most scientists take inspiration.
Most scientists take samples.
Most scientists take water samples.
Most scientists talk about issues.
Most scientists teach at colleges.
Most scientists test blood.
Most scientists think at the moment that it is a massive region of ionized gas.
Most scientists think it is the way iron is made.
Most scientists think of it as pseudoscience .
Most scientists think of it as pseudoscience.
Most scientists think of the rainforest in five layers .
Most scientists think of the rainforest in five layers.
Most scientists think so.
Most scientists think that dark matter is composed of non-baryonic matter.
Most scientists think that Europa icy surface covers a deep ocean.
Most scientists think that genetically modified foods are safe, yet the public remains uneasy.
Most scientists think that the field reconnects.
Most scientists think western prairie fringed orchid seeds are wind borne.
Most scientists ultimately publish.
Most scientists uncover knowledge.
Most scientists understand cell functions.
Most scientists understand energy.
Most scientists understand evolutionary theories.
Most scientists understand extinction.
Most scientists understand functions.
Most scientists understand hypotheses.
Most scientists understand interaction.
Most scientists understand phenomena.
Most scientists understand possibility.
Most scientists understand production.
Most scientists understand theories.
Most scientists understand work hypotheses.
Most scientists undertake tasks.
Most scientists use analyses.
Most scientists use approaches.
Most scientists use brains.
Most scientists use concepts.
Most scientists use different symbols to differentiate between specific heat and heat capacity.
Most scientists use events.
Most scientists use evidence.
Most scientists use experiments.
Most scientists use expertise.
Most scientists use facts.
Most scientists use formulae.
Most scientists use Fortran for their simulation code.
Most scientists use fossil evidence.
Most scientists use genetic materials.
Most scientists use graphic software.
Most scientists use hypotheses.
Most scientists use information.
Most scientists use instruments.
Most scientists use knowledge.
Most scientists use macaque brains.
Most scientists use materials.
Most scientists use methods.
Most scientists use molecular techniques.
Most scientists use observations.
Most scientists use patterns.
Most scientists use principles.
Most scientists use purposes.
Most scientists use qualitative methods.
Most scientists use quantitative methods.
Most scientists use quantitative research methods.
Most scientists use research methods.
Most scientists use samples.
Most scientists use scientific methods.
Most scientists use scientific techniques.
Most scientists use similar approaches.
Most scientists use similar techniques.
Most scientists use software.
Most scientists use statistical techniques.
Most scientists use techniques.
Most scientists use technology.
Most scientists use the metric system when collecting data and performing experiments.
Most scientists use theories.
Most scientists use tools.
Most scientists use various tools.
Most scientists utilize behavior.
Most scientists visit facilities.
Most scientists visit observatory facilities.
Most scientists visit places.
Most scientists wear coats.
Most scientists wear lab coats.
Most scientists work at laboratories.
Most scientists work at stations.
Most scientists work at weather stations.
Most scientists work for departments.
Most scientists work full time.
Most scientists work in areas.
Most scientists work in dairy cattle industries.
Most scientists work in fields.
Most scientists work in industries.
Most scientists work in laboratories.
Most scientists work in labs.
Most scientists work in organizations.
Most scientists work in private industries.
Most scientists work in small, interdisciplinary teams.
Most scientists work in specialize fields.
Most scientists work in teams.
Most scientists work on problems.
Most scientists work on scientific problems.
Most scientists work on teams.
Most scientists work strange hours and long hours.
Most scientists work time.
Most scientists work with developer.
Most scientists work with experts.
Most scientists work with geothermal developer.
Most scientists work with vertebrates.
Most scientists write books.
Most scientists write sell books.
Some scientist believes it occurred in the larval stage.
Some scientist dismiss it as a non scientific problem.
Some scientist feel that eating white potatoes or white bread is just like eating candy.
Some scientists accept ideas.
Some scientists actually believe both theories and some, neither.
Some scientists actually believe that hormetic effects are contrary to reason.
Some scientists actually live on Antarctica for part of the year to conduct their research.
Some scientists agree.
Some scientists already think they're zeroing in on genes associated with schizophrenia.
Some scientists also attribute a significant portion of warming to changes in solar output.
Some scientists also believe that the flashing warns off potential predators.
Some scientists also classify viruses as microorganisms.
Some scientists also have concerns about the way genetically engineered crops have been developed.
Some scientists also predict the spreading of certain diseases.
Some scientists also theorize links between sunspot activity and ice ages .
Some scientists also think the rhino is closely related to the hippopotamous and the elephant.
Some scientists analyze weather.
Some scientists announce expansion.
Some scientists are already parents, so they are more comfortable with kids.
Some scientists are forgetful.
Some scientists are frankly hostile to religious ideas and reject it for that reason.
Some scientists are impractical.
Some scientists are interested in such signals.
Some scientists are led by charity.
Some scientists are led by conservation charity.
Some scientists are led by international conservation charity.
Some scientists are more cautious, citing scientific hurdles.
Some scientists are necessarily wary about drawing conclusions from a few success stories.
Some scientists are out in the middle of the ocean, trying to reproduce proteins in shark's brains.
Some scientists are pretty sure that the prostate gland releases the dangerous chemicals.
Some scientists are sceptical of the isotope work.
Some scientists are theoreticians, some are experimentalists, some are superb administrators.
Some scientists are theorizing that black holes provide half the energy of the universe.
Some scientists are too critical of their own work.
Some scientists are very humble.
Some scientists are.
Some scientists argue music is in our genes.
Some scientists argue over the term and actual concept of the extinction of the dinosaur.
Some scientists argue such problems can also be overcome with mechanized harvesting.
Some scientists argue that it is therefore impossible for EMFs to have any important effects.
Some scientists argue that the idea of a maximum life span is based only on empirical data.
Some scientists argue that the numbers of plates are different.
Some scientists argue that the universe is essentially a huge computer.
Some scientists argue they are so similar that they are different forms of the same breed.
Some scientists arrive at values.
Some scientists assume conditions.
Some scientists attribute wrinkles directly to dehydration.
Some scientists believe adverse reactions to that inoculation include contraction of the disease.
Some scientists believe another species of sailfish lives in the tropical Atlantic Ocean.
Some scientists believe dinosaurs died out due to the rapid evolution of flowering plants.
Some scientists believe elephants have emotions similar to humans.
Some scientists believe global warming is hastening the pace.
Some scientists believe it is highly unlikely that insects can acquire such genes.
Some scientists believe it is little more than a giant rubble pile.
Some scientists believe it is the most potent memory enhancer of all time.
Some scientists believe it is transmitted when cattle are fed products made from infected animals.
Some scientists believe it uses high-pitched sounds like a bat to avoid colliding with trees.
Some scientists believe life on Earth originated from outer space.
Some scientists believe our climate is changing, largely due to human activities.
Some scientists believe quantum fluctuations account for the existence of matter in the universe.
Some scientists believe such weather extremes are actually the result of global warming.
Some scientists believe that a key element is blood flow changes in the brain.
Some scientists believe that acupuncture works by affecting the central nervous system.
Some scientists believe that all beings originated or evolved from matter.
Some scientists believe that bonobos are the species of chimpanzee most like man.
Some scientists believe that both species diverged from a common ancestor.
Some scientists believe that disturbed environments are more prone to invasion.
Some scientists believe that green tea fights cancer by making cancer causing agents less toxic.
Some scientists believe that head size is an indicator of raw intelligence.
Some scientists believe that hormone residues in beef contribute to rising breast cancer rates.
Some scientists believe that it contains microscopic fossils of primitive life on Mars.
Some scientists believe that it's possible that primitive currently exists or did exist on Mars.
Some scientists believe that life on Earth began in such extreme environments.
Some scientists believe that male pachycephalosaurs butted heads for the right to rule the herd.
Some scientists believe that many years ago, most life on Earth lived in water.
Some scientists believe that men evolved from monkeys.
Some scientists believe that microwave radiation has a cumulative effect on the body.
Some scientists believe that mitochondria are the key to aging.
Some scientists believe that music existed among people before language did.
Some scientists believe that people arrived in the Americas as long ago as forty millenia.
Some scientists believe that pinnipeds belong to a separate order of mammals.
Some scientists believe that prairie dogs only mean to warn their close kin.
Some scientists believe that salt is carried into the lake from mountain streams.
Some scientists believe that schizophrenia is transmitted genetically.
Some scientists believe that science can explain everything, at least in principle.
Some scientists believe that sexual orientation is, at least partly, genetically determined.
Some scientists believe that sickle cell disease developed as a defense against malaria.
Some scientists believe that some dinosaurs persisted into historical times.
Some scientists believe that some spoonbills are pinker than others because of what they eat.
Some scientists believe that tapeworms can also help to alleviate allergies such as hay fever.
Some scientists believe that the answer lies in a re-evaluation of Earth s paleomagnetic record.
Some scientists believe that the exposed roots allow the trees to take in oxygen.
Some scientists believe that the land masses have come together more than once.
Some scientists believe that the mammalian neocortex evolved from the olfactory cortex.
Some scientists believe that the plague spread faster than the rats .
Some scientists believe that the plague spread faster than the rats.
Some scientists believe that the shark's lateral line detects the lowest-pitched sounds.
Some scientists believe that the tower caused the rotating winds to intensify a few hours later.
Some scientists believe that the universe has no boundaries, no edgies, no limits.
Some scientists believe that there are more than one universal explosion.
Some scientists believe that there are several problems with perc.
Some scientists believe that there is a black hole here in our very own Milky Way.
Some scientists believe that there is a black hole in our very own Milky Way.
Some scientists believe that there is a growing shortage of fish in the sea.
Some scientists believe that they are the source of water in Earth's oceans and atmosphere.
Some scientists believe that things inside their computers are actually alive.
Some scientists believe that, in many cases, the disturbance begins before birth.
Some scientists believe that.
Some scientists believe the asteroids represent the remains of an exploded planet.
Some scientists believe the clouds are related to man-made greenhouse gases.
Some scientists believe the decline in menhaden has affected striped bass in the Bay.
Some scientists believe the Earth is warming up.
Some scientists believe the European bison was at one time a grazer.
Some scientists believe the females lay down a pheromone trial which the males follow.
Some scientists believe the flashing is a warning system to predators.
Some scientists believe the graduate enterprise has to shrink.
Some scientists believe the increase is due to the proliferation of radio masts and mobile phones.
Some scientists believe the Laguna is undergoing an unstoppable, historical reversion.
Some scientists believe the origins of life lie in the dust clouds of space.
Some scientists believe the shift to be a temporary condition of adaptation.
Some scientists believe the signals scramble the birds' navigational senses.
Some scientists believe the sonar represents a potentially devastating threat to marine life.
Some scientists believe the two populations are unrelated.
Some scientists believe the universe is expanding.
Some scientists believe their use does pose genetic risks.
Some scientists believe there is a fourth - intuitional.
Some scientists believe there is something in the human person deeper than ethics and reason.
Some scientists believe they are surviving ancestors of our own species.
Some scientists believe they are the ancestors of the Arabian horses.
Some scientists believe Titan's surface is made up of half water-ice and half rocky material.
Some scientists believe trawling and dredging are as destructive as clear-cutting forests on land.
Some scientists believe viruses are obligate parasites, and are indeed living.
Some scientists blame acid rain.
Some scientists blame comets for the lack of dinosaurs on earth today.
Some scientists bring fish.
Some scientists bring life.
Some scientists bring potoroos.
Some scientists build batteries.
Some scientists build cannons.
Some scientists build huge windmills.
Some scientists build pilot plants.
Some scientists build plants.
Some scientists build windmills.
Some scientists buy animals.
Some scientists buy ants.
Some scientists buy birds.
Some scientists buy butterflies.
Some scientists buy chickens.
Some scientists buy dolphins.
Some scientists buy fish.
Some scientists buy mice.
Some scientists buy mollusks.
Some scientists buy monkeys.
Some scientists buy rabbits.
Some scientists buy rats.
Some scientists buy snails.
Some scientists buy turtles.
Some scientists calculate ranges.
Some scientists calculate size.
Some scientists call it a collective intelligence.
Some scientists call it the unified field.
Some scientists can only speak either in scientific terms or in agency-type jargon.
Some scientists capture bears.
Some scientists catch dogs.
Some scientists challenge science.
Some scientists challenge whether there is long-term climate change at all.
Some scientists claim that areas as large as the state of Delaware are being cleared every month.
Some scientists claim that it also plays a part in our thinking and language processing.
Some scientists claim that quantum theory necessarily requires faster than light influence.
Some scientists claim that soya has a negative effect on fertility.
Some scientists claim that the robustness of the skull and lower jaws gave a rigid crushing bite.
Some scientists classify animals.
Some scientists classify characteristics.
Some scientists classify creatures.
Some scientists classify physical characteristics.
Some scientists classify tiny animals, worms, and rotifers as microbes as well.
Some scientists classify tree shrews among primates as prosimians.
Some scientists classify waterfalls based on the average volume of water in the waterfall.
Some scientists collect bees.
Some scientists collect birds.
Some scientists collect butterflies.
Some scientists collect chickens.
Some scientists collect chimpanzees.
Some scientists collect jellyfish.
Some scientists collect lobsters.
Some scientists collect semen.
Some scientists collect spiders.
Some scientists collect thaw semen.
Some scientists collect urine.
Some scientists collect wasps.
Some scientists come from culture.
Some scientists come from different culture.
Some scientists compare anatomies.
Some scientists compare concentration.
Some scientists compare metabolism.
Some scientists compare shapes.
Some scientists compare sperm concentration.
Some scientists compare the call to a nestling sound.
Some scientists complain that chumming tourist boats have disrupted shark behaviour and research.
Some scientists consider animals.
Some scientists consider birds.
Some scientists consider concern.
Some scientists consider conservation concern.
Some scientists consider cultivated land to be a biome.
Some scientists consider extinct birds.
Some scientists consider extinction.
Some scientists consider health.
Some scientists consider impact.
Some scientists consider it to be three times greater.
Some scientists consider nettles.
Some scientists consider sea nettles.
Some scientists consider sixth extinction.
Some scientists consider tarsiers to be a taxonomic suborder among the primates.
Some scientists consider that step to be extremely modest, bordering on insignificant.
Some scientists consider the new standard highly conservative.
Some scientists consider the waters around Antarctica to be a separate, fifth ocean as well.
Some scientists contend that it is here where life on Earth began.
Some scientists continue mysteries.
Some scientists continue to doubt Venus lightning.
Some scientists contract parasitic illnesses.
Some scientists cover subjects.
Some scientists create blocks.
Some scientists create build blocks.
Some scientists create crops.
Some scientists create diamonds.
Some scientists deal with the money issue by moving in and out of the federal government.
Some scientists debate whether neotropical migratory birds are declining as a group.
Some scientists define culture as a product of language and thus unique to humans.
Some scientists demonstrate synthesis.
Some scientists deny that behavior is genetically influenced.
Some scientists describe amphibian fungi.
Some scientists describe approaches.
Some scientists describe cells as little machines.
Some scientists describe evolution.
Some scientists describe fungi.
Some scientists describe genus.
Some scientists describe importance.
Some scientists describe new genus.
Some scientists describe patterns.
Some scientists describe specimens.
Some scientists describe vertebrate evolution.
Some scientists determine areas.
Some scientists determine consumption.
Some scientists determine impact.
Some scientists determine levels.
Some scientists determine numbers.
Some scientists determine salinity.
Some scientists determine temperature.
Some scientists develop ages.
Some scientists develop bones.
Some scientists develop care.
Some scientists develop cost.
Some scientists develop crops.
Some scientists develop diets.
Some scientists develop electron microscopes.
Some scientists develop fire.
Some scientists develop food.
Some scientists develop keys.
Some scientists develop microscopes.
Some scientists develop mouths.
Some scientists develop new technology.
Some scientists develop primer.
Some scientists develop proper diets.
Some scientists develop specific primer.
Some scientists develop technology.
Some scientists die within weeks.
Some scientists disagree whether the giant panda is a type of bear or raccoon.
Some scientists disagree with the above analysis.
Some scientists disagree, arguing that it took half a million years.
Some scientists disagree.
Some scientists discount any non-natural cause.
Some scientists discover advance hunt techniques.
Some scientists discover advance techniques.
Some scientists discover amounts.
Some scientists discover areas.
Some scientists discover babies.
Some scientists discover cancer.
Some scientists discover causes.
Some scientists discover clear distinction.
Some scientists discover common areas.
Some scientists discover components.
Some scientists discover compounds.
Some scientists discover conductivity.
Some scientists discover distinction.
Some scientists discover disturbances.
Some scientists discover exceptions.
Some scientists discover eye tree frogs.
Some scientists discover fire.
Some scientists discover frogs.
Some scientists discover fungi.
Some scientists discover hot springs.
Some scientists discover hunt techniques.
Some scientists discover individuals.
Some scientists discover inflammation.
Some scientists discover intake.
Some scientists discover kinds.
Some scientists discover krill.
Some scientists discover land snails.
Some scientists discover levels.
Some scientists discover live specimens.
Some scientists discover metal.
Some scientists discover mice.
Some scientists discover monkeys.
Some scientists discover musks.
Some scientists discover octopi.
Some scientists discover okapis.
Some scientists discover pathogenic fungi.
Some scientists discover proof.
Some scientists discover rare snails.
Some scientists discover roles.
Some scientists discover size.
Some scientists discover snails.
Some scientists discover specimens.
Some scientists discover spots.
Some scientists discover springs.
Some scientists discover tapirs.
Some scientists discover techniques.
Some scientists discover testosterone levels.
Some scientists discover theropods.
Some scientists discover thickness.
Some scientists discover thin spots.
Some scientists discover tree frogs.
Some scientists discover tubes.
Some scientists discover vacuum tubes.
Some scientists discover viruses.
Some scientists discover water.
Some scientists discover wave disturbances.
Some scientists dispute global warming fears, but recent polls show the public is persuaded.
Some scientists dispute psychometrics entirely.
Some scientists divide the forest into many more layers.
Some scientists divide the grassland biome into temperate and tropical regions.
Some scientists do the same thing, with the same results.
Some scientists doubt that irrational ideas and faulty logic cause depression.
Some scientists doubt that it is possible to determine the angle of impact, however.
Some scientists doubt the prion theory.
Some scientists doubt they ever really went.
Some scientists drill ice cores to find out about the weather long ago .
Some scientists drill ice cores to find out about the weather long ago.
Some scientists emphasize differences.
Some scientists emphasize that similarity.
Some scientists emphasize the genetic fraternity of humanity.
Some scientists envision great benefits from cloning.
Some scientists establish distinction.
Some scientists establish surfaces.
Some scientists estimate animals.
Some scientists estimate beavers.
Some scientists estimate degrees.
Some scientists estimate numbers.
Some scientists estimate roundworms.
Some scientists estimate that rainforests the size of Pennsylvania are lost each year.
Some scientists estimate that the cure is only five to ten years away.
Some scientists estimate wild animals.
Some scientists estimate years.
Some scientists evaluate distribution.
Some scientists even believe that free radicals cause the aging process in humans.
Some scientists even claim that the lights are the result of swamp gas.
Some scientists even consider aging as a disease, a new perspective of a developmental event.
Some scientists even consider it an aphrodisiac.
Some scientists even feel that it is difficult to formulate certain relevant scientific questions.
Some scientists even see consciousness as a cognitive function.
Some scientists even think it is a cousin to the fish that grew legs and came ashore.
Some scientists examine impact.
Some scientists examine loci.
Some scientists examine possibility.
Some scientists explore slopes.
Some scientists express possibility.
Some scientists express surprise.
Some scientists fake the data.
Some scientists favor research on embryonic stem cells.
Some scientists favor the hypothesis of existing field forms of life.
Some scientists fear extinction.
Some scientists fear that publicized cases are merely the tip of an iceberg.
Some scientists feed animals.
Some scientists feed butterflies.
Some scientists feed cattle.
Some scientists feed coyotes.
Some scientists feed crabs.
Some scientists feed fish.
Some scientists feed horses.
Some scientists feed lions.
Some scientists feed lizards.
Some scientists feed mice.
Some scientists feed monkeys.
Some scientists feed pigs.
Some scientists feed predators.
Some scientists feed rabbits.
Some scientists feed rats.
Some scientists feed sheep.
Some scientists feed snails.
Some scientists feed turtles.
Some scientists feel it's caused by a gene that has been preprogrammed by heredity to cause trouble.
Some scientists feel that the climatic phenomena are becoming more frequent due to global warming.
Some scientists feel that the dilution in water somehow holds a memory of the agent.
Some scientists feel the results are inconclusive, while others have opposing opinions.
Some scientists find activities.
Some scientists find barnacles.
Some scientists find behavior.
Some scientists find biodiversity.
Some scientists find breast cancer.
Some scientists find cancer.
Some scientists find coho salmon.
Some scientists find consumption.
Some scientists find cracks.
Some scientists find depressions.
Some scientists find differences.
Some scientists find dinosaurs.
Some scientists find diversity.
Some scientists find dominance.
Some scientists find duckweeds.
Some scientists find earthquakes.
Some scientists find elements.
Some scientists find elephants.
Some scientists find employment.
Some scientists find fire.
Some scientists find fish.
Some scientists find germination.
Some scientists find growth.
Some scientists find hammerhead sharks.
Some scientists find health.
Some scientists find homes.
Some scientists find honeybee workers.
Some scientists find human activities.
Some scientists find indirect routes.
Some scientists find infertility.
Some scientists find intake.
Some scientists find kelp growth.
Some scientists find killer whales.
Some scientists find length.
Some scientists find marmoset monkeys.
Some scientists find men.
Some scientists find monkeys.
Some scientists find nitrate runoff.
Some scientists find nuns.
Some scientists find oil.
Some scientists find peanut oil.
Some scientists find pikas.
Some scientists find pollen.
Some scientists find quartz.
Some scientists find routes.
Some scientists find runoff.
Some scientists find salmon.
Some scientists find seeds.
Some scientists find severe wildfires.
Some scientists find severity fire.
Some scientists find sharks.
Some scientists find shock quartz.
Some scientists find significant differences.
Some scientists find sources.
Some scientists find speciation.
Some scientists find that it works best to write the results section before the rest of the report.
Some scientists find turtles.
Some scientists find versions.
Some scientists find watermelon seeds.
Some scientists find whales.
Some scientists find wildfires.
Some scientists find wind.
Some scientists find workers.
Some scientists focus on genetics.
Some scientists follow in footstep.
Some scientists follow responses.
Some scientists form consortia.
Some scientists formulate ideas.
Some scientists get results.
Some scientists get same results.
Some scientists give brief presentation.
Some scientists give donkeys.
Some scientists give presentation.
Some scientists give talks about their work.
Some scientists go on to group kingdoms into domains.
Some scientists go to church.
Some scientists have doubts about the ways in which wind chill is used.
Some scientists have isolation.
Some scientists have krill.
Some scientists have right tools.
Some scientists have samples.
Some scientists have tools.
Some scientists have trouble.
Some scientists help disasters.
Some scientists help healthy offspring.
Some scientists help ideas.
Some scientists help offspring.
Some scientists help whales.
Some scientists hold positions.
Some scientists hope to identify genes that increase the risk of autism.
Some scientists identify ages.
Some scientists identify animals.
Some scientists identify characteristics.
Some scientists identify chemical messengers.
Some scientists identify compounds.
Some scientists identify grain.
Some scientists identify infection.
Some scientists identify matter.
Some scientists identify messengers.
Some scientists identify oats.
Some scientists identify size.
Some scientists identify starch grain.
Some scientists identify types.
Some scientists improve photosynthesis.
Some scientists improve weather.
Some scientists infect animals.
Some scientists infect fish.
Some scientists infect geese.
Some scientists infect mice.
Some scientists infect monkeys.
Some scientists infect pigs.
Some scientists infect rats.
Some scientists insist the problem is growing.
Some scientists interview candidates.
Some scientists introduce farmers.
Some scientists invent different methods.
Some scientists invent methods.
Some scientists investigate life.
Some scientists investigate sorts.
Some scientists isolate substances.
Some scientists isolate waxy substances.
Some scientists join forces.
Some scientists keep baboons.
Some scientists keep dogs.
Some scientists kill clams.
Some scientists know fish.
Some scientists know food.
Some scientists know how to have fun under pressure - ocean pressure, that is.
Some scientists know life.
Some scientists know sources.
Some scientists lead authors.
Some scientists learn about birds.
Some scientists learn about chickens.
Some scientists learn about chimpanzees.
Some scientists learn about insects.
Some scientists learn about lobsters.
Some scientists learn about manatees.
Some scientists learn about penguins.
Some scientists learn about porpoises.
Some scientists learn about rabbits.
Some scientists learn about salamanders.
Some scientists learn about sharks.
Some scientists learn about snails.
Some scientists learn about spiders.
Some scientists learn about turtles.
Some scientists learn fire.
Some scientists like to proceed in small, carefully thought-out steps.
Some scientists like to refer to the coconut as a water dispersal fruit and seed.
Some scientists link increasingly extreme weather events with global warming.
Some scientists look at beakers.
Some scientists look at clams.
Some scientists look at diamonds.
Some scientists look at shapes.
Some scientists look for regions.
Some scientists look to satellites to reveal something about the Earth's changing climate.
Some scientists lose opportunity.
Some scientists make breakthroughs.
Some scientists make composites.
Some scientists make contributions.
Some scientists make great strides.
Some scientists make significant contributions.
Some scientists make strides.
Some scientists make waves.
Some scientists measure bones.
Some scientists measure calories.
Some scientists measure energy.
Some scientists measure torque.
Some scientists note the striking parallels between bird and dragonfly migrations.
Some scientists now speculate that males sing to trigger the estrous cycle in females.
Some scientists now use more modern forms of the notebook.
Some scientists object to using it for that reason.
Some scientists observe coatis.
Some scientists observe coyotes.
Some scientists observe decomposition.
Some scientists observe disturbances.
Some scientists observe levels.
Some scientists observe loons.
Some scientists observe magnetic disturbances.
Some scientists observe nest sites.
Some scientists observe sites.
Some scientists observe tadpoles.
Some scientists observe tissue.
Some scientists obtain samples.
Some scientists offer distinction.
Some scientists offer primary distinction.
Some scientists possess chimpanzees.
Some scientists predict existence.
Some scientists predict massive rains for central Australia as a result of global warming.
Some scientists predict radiation.
Some scientists predict results.
Some scientists predict weather.
Some scientists produce diagrams.
Some scientists propose certain gene therapies for the treatment of sickle cell disease.
Some scientists propose the neutron is made up of a proton and electron like particle.
Some scientists propose the neutron is made up of a proton and electron-like particle.
Some scientists propose versions.
Some scientists provide communities.
Some scientists provide proposals.
Some scientists provide scientific communities.
Some scientists publish in journals.
Some scientists publish in scientific journals.
Some scientists pursue humpbacks.
Some scientists put red plastic or tape over their flashlights to fool their eyes.
Some scientists question roles.
Some scientists question that claim, however.
Some scientists question the data that is being studied.
Some scientists question the use of methods like cloning to save animals.
Some scientists reach conclusions.
Some scientists reach similar conclusions.
Some scientists realize ancestors.
Some scientists realize common ancestors.
Some scientists realize effects.
Some scientists realize flaws.
Some scientists recognize it.
Some scientists recognize majorities.
Some scientists refer to homos.
Some scientists refer to it as a living fossil.
Some scientists refer to the dark material as soot, silicates, or tar-like hydrocarbons.
Some scientists refer to the heliopause as the edge of the solar system.
Some scientists refuse to admit that there is a metaphysic imbedded in science.
Some scientists refuse to carefully consider the ethical implications of their new research.
Some scientists regard the Arctic Ocean as a marginal sea of the North Atlantic.
Some scientists reject alternatives.
Some scientists reject ideas.
Some scientists reject reality.
Some scientists release beetles.
Some scientists release insects.
Some scientists release salamanders.
Some scientists rely on radiation.
Some scientists rely on sketches.
Some scientists remain proponents of central control and paternalistic care of northern communities.
Some scientists remain sceptical of the link, however.
Some scientists remain skeptical about whether the issue is one to worry about.
Some scientists remain skeptical.
Some scientists remain unconvinced by the evidence, however.
Some scientists remain unconvinced that current protections are good enough.
Some scientists remove nuclei.
Some scientists report cases.
Some scientists report confinements.
Some scientists report death.
Some scientists report detection.
Some scientists report evidence.
Some scientists report lower efficacy.
Some scientists report magnetic confinements.
Some scientists research components.
Some scientists restrict use of the term to mean the outpouring of molten rock.
Some scientists return to sites.
Some scientists say a collapse is inevitable, possibly even imminent.
Some scientists say birds' bodies are too hot for developing embryos.
Some scientists say bonobos are closer to humans than common chimps.
Some scientists say heat is a factor, too.
Some scientists say it's as much as two or three billion years old.
Some scientists say it's nothing special, nothing new.
Some scientists say it's too early to see such signs of global warming.
Some scientists say man-made global warming is responsible for last week's downpours.
Some scientists say simply, improved nutrition.
Some scientists say something in the environment is causing the outbreak.
Some scientists say that a virus is a type of life form .
Some scientists say that a virus is a type of life form.
Some scientists say that an impact with an asteroid is very likely.
Some scientists say that animals can sense an earthquake before it hits.
Some scientists say that chlorine is the real reason behind blood plaque and most heart attacks.
Some scientists say that climate change alone caused the extinction of the megafauna .
Some scientists say that climate change alone caused the extinction of the megafauna.
Some scientists say that global warming is the ultimate environmental problem .
Some scientists say that men actually die of grief.
Some scientists say that southern China is an ideal breeding place for the flu.
Some scientists say that through knowledge comes the ascent of man.
Some scientists say that tiny diatoms are the source of oil.
Some scientists say that what one observes is changed by the observer.
Some scientists say the black and white fur coat is a warning for animals to back off.
Some scientists say the die-off indicates that the lake's ecosystem is in serious trouble.
Some scientists say the film and footprints are fakes.
Some scientists say the glaciers have been shrinking for decades and other factors are to blame.
Some scientists say the odds of satellite damage are low.
Some scientists say there is evidence of intelligent design in the origin of life.
Some scientists say there is no safe level, while others vehemently disagree.
Some scientists say they are very slow moving liquids.
Some scientists say they re closer to humans than common chimps, though that s debatable.
Some scientists say yes, others disagree.
Some scientists say yes, some say maybe, some say no way.
Some scientists say yes, some say no.
Some scientists say, with evidence, that our universe has hyperbolic geometry.
Some scientists see allergies.
Some scientists see ancient coastlines on Mars.
Some scientists see chimps.
Some scientists see differences.
Some scientists see evolution.
Some scientists see global warming coming, some say maybe.
Some scientists see hibernation.
Some scientists see mysticism as a mental illness.
Some scientists see obesity as America s latest epidemic.
Some scientists see obesity as America's latest epidemic.
Some scientists see particles.
Some scientists see percent reductions.
Some scientists see rays.
Some scientists see reductions.
Some scientists see roles.
Some scientists see seabirds.
Some scientists see that as a dangerous precedent.
Some scientists see the idea of multiple causes as a kind of intellectual cop-out.
Some scientists see the involvement of the observer as the most important feature in quantum theory.
Some scientists see the quantity of oil as a real problem for the young-Earth model.
Some scientists see types.
Some scientists seek animals.
Some scientists seek bats.
Some scientists seek deer.
Some scientists seek dogs.
Some scientists seek fish.
Some scientists seek frogs.
Some scientists seek horses.
Some scientists seek mammals.
Some scientists seek rabbits.
Some scientists seek rings.
Some scientists seek snails.
Some scientists seek stray dogs.
Some scientists seek wasps.
Some scientists select gaurs.
Some scientists show concentration.
Some scientists show drawbacks.
Some scientists shudder at the thought of labeling people potential violent criminals.
Some scientists simply say that an intelligent design hypothesis has no place in science.
Some scientists situate Congo like the humanity birthplace.
Some scientists smell commercial payoffs and are forming companies.
Some scientists solve problems.
Some scientists specialize in instruction.
Some scientists specialize in studying living things.
Some scientists specialize in swim instruction.
Some scientists speculate that endothelial dysfunction is a cause of insulin resistance.
Some scientists speculate that it plays a role in the nucleation of ice from water.
Some scientists speculate that it was spawned by a single spore thousands of years ago.
Some scientists speculate that most galaxies, including our own, harbor a supermassive black hole.
Some scientists speculate that the tuft is meant to confuse a predator.
Some scientists speculate that their coloration provides camouflage during the winter.
Some scientists speculate that there is an ocean of liquid water lying beneath that ice layer.
Some scientists spend many hours watching and studying the behaviour of animals.
Some scientists spend most of their lives learning how to do good experiments .
Some scientists spend most of their lives learning how to do good experiments.
Some scientists spend their lives inventing death.
Some scientists spread pollen.
Some scientists stand in fronts.
Some scientists stand on decks.
Some scientists stand on outer decks.
Some scientists start tests.
Some scientists still dispute that human-induced global warming is happening.
Some scientists still doubt that frogs are actually disappearing worldwide.
Some scientists still doubt the impact human activity has on the world's climate.
Some scientists still think breeding-ground problems are more important.
Some scientists strongly believe genetics play a role.
Some scientists study affect growth.
Some scientists study ages.
Some scientists study air pressure.
Some scientists study amphibians.
Some scientists study animals that freeze over the winter.
Some scientists study animals.
Some scientists study ants.
Some scientists study apes.
Some scientists study bears.
Some scientists study biology.
Some scientists study birds.
Some scientists study butterflies.
Some scientists study carnivores.
Some scientists study cattle.
Some scientists study chickens.
Some scientists study chicks.
Some scientists study chimpanzees.
Some scientists study chipmunks.
Some scientists study community ecology.
Some scientists study crabs.
Some scientists study creatures.
Some scientists study crystal.
Some scientists study dark matter.
Some scientists study descendants.
Some scientists study dinosaurs.
Some scientists study disasters.
Some scientists study dogs.
Some scientists study dolphins.
Some scientists study dragonflies.
Some scientists study ducks.
Some scientists study earth.
Some scientists study ecology.
Some scientists study elephants.
Some scientists study emissions.
Some scientists study events.
Some scientists study evolution.
Some scientists study fate.
Some scientists study fish.
Some scientists study geese.
Some scientists study giant pandas.
Some scientists study goats.
Some scientists study gorillas.
Some scientists study growth.
Some scientists study habitats.
Some scientists study horses.
Some scientists study how insulin works.
Some scientists study intelligence by looking at the brain.
Some scientists study layers.
Some scientists study leafhoppers.
Some scientists study lemurs.
Some scientists study life.
Some scientists study lions.
Some scientists study lizards.
Some scientists study lobsters.
Some scientists study macaques.
Some scientists study mammalian evolution.
Some scientists study mammals.
Some scientists study manatees.
Some scientists study marine habitats.
Some scientists study marine mammals.
Some scientists study matter.
Some scientists study meteorology.
Some scientists study minerals.
Some scientists study molecules, others study the stars.
Some scientists study mollusks.
Some scientists study monarchs.
Some scientists study monkeys.
Some scientists study motion.
Some scientists study narwhals.
Some scientists study owls.
Some scientists study pandas.
Some scientists study panthers.
Some scientists study physiology.
Some scientists study pigs.
Some scientists study plants.
Some scientists study potential.
Some scientists study pressure.
Some scientists study properties.
Some scientists study proteins.
Some scientists study rabbits.
Some scientists study rats.
Some scientists study regeneration.
Some scientists study reptiles.
Some scientists study salamanders.
Some scientists study scars.
Some scientists study sheep.
Some scientists study snakes.
Some scientists study specific events.
Some scientists study spiders.
Some scientists study sunspots.
Some scientists study the needs of human or animal minds and bodies.
Some scientists study toads.
Some scientists study turkeys.
Some scientists study turtles.
Some scientists study vessels.
Some scientists study weather.
Some scientists study whales.
Some scientists study what happened in the past.
Some scientists study zoo pandas to figure out how to save wild pandas from going extinct.
Some scientists suggest amounts.
Some scientists suggest that a small effective population faces a strong likelihood of extinction.
Some scientists suggest that eyewall lightning is associated with intensity changes.
Some scientists suggest that it is seismic activity.
Some scientists suspect a biochemical cause.
Some scientists suspect formaldehyde of being a carcinogen.
Some scientists suspect that certain viruses can cause obesity.
Some scientists suspect that the chemical messenger dopamine is in some way responsible.
Some scientists suspect that they cause or contribute to certain cancers.
Some scientists suspect that widespread use of pesticides also harms bat populations.
Some scientists take homes.
Some scientists take issues.
Some scientists take notice.
Some scientists take pain.
Some scientists take photos.
Some scientists take that one step further.
Some scientists teach at universities and other places and train people to become scientists .
Some scientists teach at universities and other places and train people to become scientists.
Some scientists test mineral water.
Some scientists theorize that length of day is the most important cue.
Some scientists theorize that men pass on mutations to their offspring twice as often as women.
Some scientists theorize that mothers experience a biological impulse to wean during pregnancy.
Some scientists think a multiple mirror concept is the way to go.
Some scientists think animals are capable of primitive emotional life.
Some scientists think it collided with another planet long ago and was knocked over.
Some scientists think it contains fossils showing there was once life on the red planet.
Some scientists think it happened quite suddenly as the result of some earth-shaking catastrophe.
Some scientists think it is a bacterial action rather than a chemical one.
Some scientists think it is endemic.
Some scientists think it is more like a duck or a goose .
Some scientists think it is more like a duck or a goose.
Some scientists think it was started by monkeys in Africa and somehow jumped species.
Some scientists think it was theoretically possible for life to evolve on Mars .
Some scientists think it's just an accidental byproduct of social cognition.
Some scientists think it's still pretty cool.
Some scientists think Mars' north pole looks like a hockey puck.
Some scientists think monarchs moved more north as the milkweed plant moved north.
Some scientists think our results are just due to luck.
Some scientists think so.
Some scientists think stellar winds bring the ingredients necessary for building galaxies.
Some scientists think that chemical compounds in plants protect plants from herbivores.
Some scientists think that continental drift happens in cycles.
Some scientists think that early life on Earth arose in such deep sea hot spots.
Some scientists think that emus recognize rain clouds and respond to the sound of thunder.
Some scientists think that fat is a factor in other diseases as well, such as breast cancer.
Some scientists think that females have larger bodies to store more fat for motherhood.
Some scientists think that global warming is exacerbating the effect of ozone depletion.
Some scientists think that green algae belong in the plant kingdom.
Some scientists think that Jupiter is responsible for making our's an ocean planet.
Some scientists think that narcolepsy is caused by a lack of hypocretin .
Some scientists think that narcolepsy is caused by a lack of hypocretin.
Some scientists think that poltergeists only exist in a person's head as a result of psychokinesis.
Some scientists think that pterosaurs walked on all fours.
Some scientists think that solar flares heat the corona.
Some scientists think that the best bet is what scientists call a genome-wide scan.
Some scientists think that the darker material was caused by the impact of a large asteroid.
Some scientists think that the land relatives of whales are a group of mammals called mesonychians.
Some scientists think that the people used mud slides to build the pyramid.
Some scientists think that the red wolf is really a hybrid, a mixture of wolf and coyote.
Some scientists think that the risk is greater when the parent with diabetes is the mother.
Some scientists think that the sunspots affect our weather.
Some scientists think that there is enough water on the moon to fill an entire lake.
Some scientists think that there is no single factor that controls cell division.
Some scientists think that they exude some type of sedatious drug from their bodies.
Some scientists think that trees can save more water if they lose their leaves.
Some scientists think the atlatl is responsible for the demise of the wooly mammoth.
Some scientists think the hotspots move relative to the earth.
Some scientists think the long neck helps boy giraffes show off to girl giraffes.
Some scientists think the loon s red eyes help it see better underwater.
Some scientists think the northern plains are all that's left of an ancient Martian ocean.
Some scientists think the parallels are even closer.
Some scientists think the world is about due for another ice age.
Some scientists think there is a black hole right in our own galaxy, the Milky Way.
Some scientists think they found a kind of life form called microbes in the rock samples.
Some scientists think they have found another grave threat to amphibians - increasing UV radiation.
Some scientists think they resemble crustaceans more closely.
Some scientists think they saw a dry riverbed on Mars.
Some scientists think they use their rumps to attract females.
Some scientists think they're already seeing evidence of the long-predicted global warming.
Some scientists think water is involved.
Some scientists threaten interest.
Some scientists thus advocate a difference model for understanding psychopathology.
Some scientists totally reject the notion of the supernatural.
Some scientists try to be even more selective in their tests on the extracts.
Some scientists try to determine climatic trends.
Some scientists try to figure out how things work, like the weather.
Some scientists try to juggle two careers.
Some scientists understand effects.
Some scientISTS understand evolution as a mindless, purposeless process.
Some scientists understand important roles.
Some scientists understand nutrition.
Some scientists understand roles.
Some scientists understand weather.
Some scientists undertake postdoctoral research to gain experience in a new field.
Some scientists use bacteria.
Some scientists use bird behaviour to support their theories about dinosaur behaviour.
Some scientists use cameras.
Some scientists use contact.
Some scientists use equipment.
Some scientists use evolution.
Some scientists use genetic manipulation.
Some scientists use genetic variation.
Some scientists use gravity.
Some scientists use health.
Some scientists use heat.
Some scientists use intensity lasers.
Some scientists use Kirlian photography to take pictures of plant auras.
Some scientists use lasers.
Some scientists use magnets.
Some scientists use manipulation.
Some scientists use microbes.
Some scientists use microscopes to take a close look.
Some scientists use microscopes.
Some scientists use pandas.
Some scientists use parameters.
Some scientists use platypuses.
Some scientists use powerful microscopes.
Some scientists use purple bacteria.
Some scientists use satellites.
Some scientists use scenes.
Some scientists use setting.
Some scientists use small magnets.
Some scientists use speed cameras.
Some scientists use test equipment.
Some scientists use types.
Some scientists use variation.
Some scientists use videotaped interviews with human subjects as their data.
Some scientists use waste.
Some scientists use waves.
Some scientists view definition.
Some scientists view petroleum as a naturally occuring mineral of earth.
Some scientists view religious practices with an equal dose of cynicism.
Some scientists volunteer to be online to chat with students.
Some scientists watch bats.
Some scientists watch bees.
Some scientists watch butterflies.
Some scientists watch centipedes.
Some scientists watch geese.
Some scientists watch jellyfish.
Some scientists watch pigs.
Some scientists watch rabbits.
Some scientists watch vertebrates.
Some scientists watch wolves.
Some scientists welcome the attention.
Some scientists wonder if it is the global warming which is responsible.
Some scientists wonder whether clays presented surfaces that helped with biogenesis on earth.
Some scientists wonder whether transgene hysteria is symptomatic of larger issues.
Some scientists work for agencies.
Some scientists work for companies.
Some scientists work for drug companies.
Some scientists work for firms.
Some scientists work for food process firms.
Some scientists work for large companies.
Some scientists work for large drug companies.
Some scientists work in biology.
Some scientists work in offices.
Some scientists work in synthetic biology.
Some scientists work in teams and some work alone, but all communicate extensively with others.
Some scientists work in teams, and some work alone, but all communicate extensively with others.
Some scientists work in teams, others alone, but all communicate with one another.
Some scientists work on technology.
Some scientists work to biology.
Some scientists work to genetics.
Some scientists work to interpretations.
Some scientists work with amphibians.
Some scientists work with animals.
Some scientists work with ants.
Some scientists work with apes.
Some scientists work with bats.
Some scientists work with bees.
Some scientists work with dogs.
Some scientists work with electrical engineers.
Some scientists work with engineers.
Some scientists work with fishermen.
Some scientists work with government.
Some scientists work with honeybees.
Some scientists work with jellyfish.
Some scientists work with lemurs.
Some scientists work with lobsters.
Some scientists work with local fishermen.
Some scientists work with mice.
Some scientists work with modern day animals.
Some scientists work with newts.
Some scientists work with panthers.
Some scientists work with penguins.
Some scientists work with physicians.
Some scientists work with rabbits.
Some scientists work with reptiles.
Some scientists work with specialists.
Some scientists work with spiders.
Some scientists work with turtles.
Some scientists worry of a possible backlash if a cult produces the first human clone.
Some scientists worry, though, that they are missing out on the government s investment.
Some scientists worry, though, that they are missing out on the government's investment.
Scimitar oryxes have foreheads.
Scimitar oryxes have white foreheads.
Most scimitar oryxes have white foreheads.
Scimitar isa blade.
Scimitar isa sword.
Scimitars have (part) hilts.
Scimitars have (part) knife edges.
Scimitars have (part) sections.
Most scimitar oryxes have foreheads.
Some scimitar cats prey on mastodons.
Some scimitars have water.
A scintilla is a particle
Scintilla carries unique lines of hand crafted items made by artists from around the globe.
Scintilla is a free source code editing component.
Scintilla is a long word for describing a tiny thing.
Scintilla is easy and versatile to work with.
Scintilla returns late from the spring .
Scintillas are particles.
Scintillas dac omne quortzum cum chslybe vivacifTitnas.
A scintillation counter is an instrument
Scintillation counters are generally large laboratory instruments.
Scintillation detectors are fragile.
Scintillation detectors are superior for that purpose.
Scintillation detectors provide the best sensitivity for the detection of low-level radiation.
Scintillation is brightness
Scintillation is brilliance.
Scintillation is expressed as the index g on a logarithmic scale.
Scintillation is fluctuations.
Scintillation is greater for bright stars that are low on the horizon.
Scintillation is light.
Scintillation is the flashes of light when the diamond, light, or the observer moves.
Scintillation is the giving off of visible light after interaction with radiation.
Scintillation is the other casualty of a large table.
Scintillation refers to small spatial variations in the refractive index of the atmosphere.
Scintillation tends to be a highly localized effect.
A scion is a descendent
Scion is a bud with a small piece of bark and cambium.
Scion is a shoot cutting with terminal bud.
Scion is marketed to young car buyers .
Scion is marketed to young car buyers.
Scion is the piece of plant at the top of graft.
Scion offers a new alternative to conventional linear flourescent lighting systems.
Scions are brands.
Scions are companies.
Scions are descendants.
Scions are games.
Scions are inserted in the slits and bandaged.
Scions develop crowns that bear nuts of their own variety.
Scions have defences in place through the map and a few at their base.
Scions represent additional, but temporary, roots of persistence for the cluster.
Scions tend to attack scrap pools more than the base, standard gameplay otherwise.
Many scions are selected and shaped at the base to form wedge.
SCIP money is generated by bonds issued by the state.
SCIS membership is available at corporate and individual levels.
SCIS membership is available at individual and corporate levels.
Scissor lock holds screen in place.
Scissors bite is one in which the upper incisors just overlap and touch the lower incisors.
Scitex scanner costs less .
Scituate soils are moderately well drained with a dense substratum.
Scituate soils have a loamy sand substratum.
Scituate soils have a sandy, dense till substratum.
Scituate soils have redoximorphic features in the subsoil.
Scituate soils have sandy substrata.
A sclera is animal tissue
Sclera are yellow-tinged.
Sclera have a blue, purple, or gray tint.
Sclera is of variable hue.
Sclera is used in reconstructive and glaucoma surgery.
Scleras are body parts.
Scleras are part of eyes.
Scleras are solid objects.
Scleractinian corals can win in competition merely by growing over their competitors.
All scleral changes are significant, and usually are indicative of a vision-threatening disease.
Scleral depression fails to collapse the inner retinal layer.
Scleral depression is necessary to identify the location of a retinal tear or hole.
Scleral hemorrhages are common.
Scleral icterus is occasionally present.
Scleral pockets pose a small risk of bleeding, including bleed into the eye.
Scleral surface is thickened and dark red to brown.
Scleral weakness can lead to the rupture of the ocular globe after a minor injury.
A scleredema is a swelling
Scleredema occurs in individuals of all ages.
Sclerenchyma cells are characterized by thickenings in their secondary walls.
Sclerenchyma cells are the principal supporting cells in plant parts that have ceased elongation.
Sclerenchyma cells have thick secondary walls strengthened by lignin.
Sclerenchyma cells provide mechanical support and protection in mature plants.
Sclerenchyma cells support the plant.
Sclerenchyma fibers cap the vascular bundles.
Sclerenchyma sheaths protect the vascular bundles and give strength to the stem.
Sclerenchyma tissue provides support for primary and secondary plant bodies.
Sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world .
Sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world.
Sclerosis describes the damage or scarring of the glomerulus.
Sclerosis describes the hardened tissue in the damaged areas of the brain and spinal cord.
Sclerosis is a curvature of the spine.
Sclerosis is a general medical term that means hardening and scarring.
Sclerosis is a late manifestation of the disease.
Sclerosis is an end stage appearance and is irreversible.
Sclerosis is diseases.
Sclerosis is pathology
Sclerosis is pathology.
Sclerosis isa condition.
Sclerosis leads to difficulty.
Sclerosis means hardening, and the arteries become hardened and blocked.
Sclerosis means scarring.
Most sclerosis leads to difficulty.
Sclerotinia advisories are weather-based warnings of disease onset.
Sclerotinia blight can cause pod rot also.
Sclerotinia blight can cause rapid death in young echinacea plants when it attacks crowns.
Sclerotinia blight causes rapid wilting of adult plants accompanied by drooping of flower heads.
Sclerotinia blight causes serious yield loss in North Carolina.
Sclerotinia blight is caused by the fungus Sclerotinia sclerotiorum .
Sclerotinia head rot.
Sclerotinia minor has a cottony or fluffy appearance on stems under moist conditions.
Sclerotinia wilt can occur any time that sunflower is planted into an infested field.
A sclerotinia is a fungus
Sclerotinia allow the fungus to survive in the soil through the winter months.
Sclerotinia also causes a head rot.
Sclerotinia can cause die-back of branches and eventual death of whole plants in warm, damp weather.
Sclerotinia can function either as soilborne or airborne pathogens.
Sclerotinia can survive as sclerotia in the soil for many years.
Sclerotinia is a common cause of storage rot in Hubbard squash.
Sclerotinia is a fungal disease that causes sunflowers to lose yield.
Sclerotinia is a major foliar disease in canola that causes millions of dollars in damage each year.
Sclerotinia is a serious pest on other crops worldwide, including sunflower and beans.
Sclerotinia is less damaging to alfalfa than to clovers.
Sclerotinia is most prevalent where warm, wet conditions occur.
Sclerotinia is visible is several fields.
Sclerotinia rot at the base of celery stalks.
Sclerotinias are funguses.
A sclerotium is a natural object
Sclerotia are highly resistant structures and survive for long periods in soil.
Sclerotia have a hard, black exterior rind with a white to light beige interior.
Sclerotium lacks fruiting structures and spores.
SCnights future is undecided.
SCNP clients benefit from close links to other emerging home and community care services.
A scoff is derision
Scoff lists every stamp in the world and gives each one a unique number.
A scofflaw is a criminal
Scofflaws face healthy fines plus several points on their licenses for moving violations.
A scold is a person
Scolds are always women.
Scolding smokers is wasted effort.
Scoliosis muscle retraining treatment is a long-term commitment.
A scoliosis is a spinal curvature
Scoliosis affects girls much more frequently than boys.
Scoliosis is more common in girls than in boys.
Scoliosis is more common in patients with missense mutations.
Scoliosis is more than just a curve to the side.
Scoliosis occurs about five times more frequently in girls.
Scoliosis occurs in approx.
Scoliosis occurs in both sexes, but girls are more likely to have more severe curvatures.
Scoliosis occurs in girls at the start of adolescence.
Scoliosis tends to run in families, and it affects many more girls than boys.
Scoliosis tends to run in families.
Scoliosis varies considerably in the extent of the curvature.
Scoliosis worsens most rapidly when growth is most rapid, in the latter stages of puberty.
Scoliosises are diseases.
Scoliosises are illnesses.
Any scoliosis associated with pain needs further work up, starting with a bone scan.
Scolytus galleries are unique.
Scombroid poisoning is caused by poor and inadequate refrigeration of the fish.
Scombroid poisoning occurs wherever the particular marine fish species are eaten.
Scombroid poisoning remains one of the most common forms of fish poisoning in the United States.
A sconce is light
Sconces are also very important.
Sconces are brackets.
Sconces are earthworks.
Sconces are fortresses.
Sconces are light.
Sconces are shelter.
Sconces illuminate the room with soft light.
Sconces make perfect wall hangings or garden gifts.
Sconces make the light play over the cloth curtains and hanging prints of irises.
All sconces are suitable for indoor or outdoor use.
All sconces come with a clear oil candle cup and a funnel for refilling.
A scone is quick bread
Scone can also be a slang word for 'head', 'insane', or 'angry'.
Scone is now a town for old people.
Scone isa bread.
Scones are a delicacy which compliment the British tea time.
Scones are a sweet biscuit which is a favorite of the English at their afternoon tea.
Scones are biscuits to which an egg has been added.
Scones are cakes.
Scones are food.
Scones are heavenly, buttery quick breads that are usually served for breakfast or with tea.
Scones are light, plain cakes, quickly made and containing very little fat.
Scones are quick bread.
Scones are really quick breads.
Scones freeze nicely.
Scones freeze well up to three months.
Scones seem to be a truly British piece of bakery.
Scones taste lovely with an herbed butter or jam.
Scoop shovels are part of backhoes.
A scoop is an amount
Scoop guts until the pumpkin is hollow.
Scoop isa vessel.
Scoops are ladles.
Scoops are part of backhoes.
Scoops are part of dredges.
Scoops are shovels.
Scoops are utensils that measure portions based on the number of scoops it takes to make one quart.
Scoops come in a wide variety of shapes and sizes.
Scoops Cut out ice cream scoop shapes from various different colors of construction paper.
Scoops have (part) brims.
Scoops have (part) handles.
Scoops have (part) sections.
Scoops is a chubby polar bear with thick, burley, textured plush and hand stitched paws.
Scoops pay off, but accuracy suffers as a result.
Scoops remain exclusive for only a matter of seconds.
Scoopable litter is very popular, because of their convenience and ability to contain odors.
Scooped head gives hootchie skirt extra action.
A scooter is a powerboat
Scooter isa container.
Scooters are a dependable, and fun form of transportation.
Scooters are a one person item.
Scooters are also a great way to take in the scenery along the Atlantic sea board.
Scooters are another mobility device for individuals who have difficulty walking.
Scooters are available for hire and the island bus stops regularly outside.
Scooters are available for rent.
Scooters are available from most hotels.
Scooters are back and better than ever.
Scooters are back.
Scooters are clearly one.
Scooters are everywhere and have the transportation gadget of choice for the younger set.
Scooters are great fun and provide a great source of exercise for many children.
Scooters are handy for restaurant deliveries.
Scooters are less stable than bicycles and more difficult to control.
Scooters are like cars.
Scooters are now plentiful in our community.
Scooters are really fun.
Scooters are so easy to use, anybody can get the hang of it in a couple of minutes.
Scooters are the hottest trend in years.
Scooters are the invention of the devil.
Scooters are the latest craze to sweep the nation.
Scooters are the latest fad for kids from coast to coast.
Scooters are the newest rage with the kids.
Scooters can gain speed quite quickly.
Scooters can usually break down into parts for placement in the trunk of a car.
Scooters come in both manual and automatic versions.
Scooters enable social connections.
Scooters have (part) axles.
Scooters have (part) brakes.
Scooters have (part) sections.
Scooters have (part) wheels.
Scooters make a fine mode of transportation.
Scooters share the same risks as bicycles.
Scooters Stand up or sit down.
Scooters use the same type of wheels as in-line skates.
Scooters zip up and down the street, bellowing blue and white smoke from their tailpipes.
All scooters come with the assembly instructions.
All scooters fold for convenient storage and transport.
All scooters meet California emission standards, which are stricter than Washington's.
Most Scooters go one way only.
Most scooters have a variable type speed control.
Some scooters have a motor , some have pedals , and some are pushed with the foot .
Some scooters have a motor, some have pedals, and some are pushed with the foot.
Scope creep is avoided to stay on track, but all ideas for future releases are carefully noted.
Scope creep is where goals, outcomes, and directives change during the course of the project.
Some scope creep is good.
Scope of practice describes the activities included in the professional's practice.
Scope of practice is a fluid concept.
Scope of practice means duties performed and population means the kind of clients served.
Scope considers whether the text covers what it claims to cover.
Scope considers whether the work covers what it claims to cover.
Scope is extent
Scope is extent.
Scope is mouthwashs.
Scope isa magnitude.
Scope mount for any bow.
Scope shifts with the freedom to perceive in comfort.
Scope works well for most simple tables.
Scopes allow for precise shot placement.
Scopes are different.
Scopes are harder to check for alignment, but they too can have problems.
Scopes are helpful.
Scopes are much lighter and more portable than they used to be.
Scopes are nice .
Scopes are orthogonal to default-ness.
Scopes are the rule, and usually of high magnification.
Scopes are too important to be susceptible to crashes or viruses.
Scopes become namespaces for topics.
Scopes can produce histograms on the amplitude scale or on the time scale.
Scopes provide the most accurate and easy sighting on a rifle.
Scopes provide the structure to program's space and time.
Scopes take many forms.
Scopes vary in power and objective diameter.
Every scope can have a 'finally' clause.
Every scope remains a mystery until the very last seam is sewn.
Many scopes just have one or two gain settings and some sort of adjustment is necessary.
Many scopes look good in the ad, but perform terribly out in the field.
Much scope remains for improved knowledge and effectiveness.
Much scope remains to expand the role of the private sector in education service provision.
Some scope enhances light.
Some scope enhances visible light.
Some scopes allow the user to add and remove objects from the chamber.
Some scopes are best for viewing planets, while others are more adept to observing deep sky objects.
Some scopes are simple to build, others are very complex.
Some scopes can show precipitation in color.
Some scopes require power and some folks use their car's battery.
Scopolamine patches are also effective in the relief of motion sickness.
All Scopus employees receive annual share grants.
Scoraig peninsula is wonderfully remote, far away from traffic, accessible only on foot or by boat.
Scorch marks overlay each other realistically, getting darker the more that the spot gets touched.
Scorch marks show the scars of battle.
Scorched land makes some winter grasses green up.
A scorcher is a hit
Scorcher flames it it.
Score cards are also necessary if there are some questions on rules or scores.
Score cards are simple to explain.
Score- reading is an important aspect of the course.
Score sheets are also to be distributed to each participant at the time of registration.
Score sheets are to be turned into the instructor with first and last name at the end of each class.
All score sheets have the total scores filled in for each country.
Score system comes up with a slight error with some scenarios.
A score is a rating
Score contains colored pencil markings throughout.
Score contains handwritten markings throughout.
Score contains handwritten marks in colored pencil.
Score contains handwritten marks in pencil.
Score contains handwritten notes in pencil throughout.
Score contains handwritten notes in pencil.
Score contains handwritten notes.
Score contains markings in colored pencil.
Score contains markings in pencil.
Score contains notes and marks in colored pencil.
Score contains pencil markings.
Score contains several folksongs and is written in a simple style for a small orchestra.
Score helps to determine life-ups and other bonuses.
Score indicates percentage of students who pass the exam.
Score indicates the quality of the match.
Score is available for perusal.
Score is fairly decent here too, and definitely helps build some tension at times.
Score is good, opp's comebacks are limited, and openings do favor our leave.
Score is kept and there is no mercy rule.
Score is kept of how many ears each team got into the box.
Score is kept till the end of the game.
Score is kept.
Score is no indication of the punishment they inflicted upon their opponents.
Score is phoned in to Durango, Colorado, and they determine school's rank in nation and state.
Score Is the sum of strokes a golfer needs to play a hole or the course in total.
Score is total of four bonus.
Score isa assessment.
Score isa music.
Score ranges for a number of samples from major diagnostic groups are shown.
Score sorts from highest to lowest value.
Score uses session numbers in a few special circumstances.
Score walks on the treadmill each day.
Score walks slowly, but steadily.
Scores accumulate to produce one score.
Scores advertise in the press but standards vary widely.
Scores also can determine whether students graduate or are promoted.
Scores also fluctuate depending on credit activity.
Scores also go up as the modeler is more successful with the chosen project and methods.
Scores appear after the first game.
Scores appear at the end of each game and can be printed.
Scores are a function of accuracy and speed.
Scores are a measure of the quality of laboratory testing provided by participating labs.
Scores are a reflection of how students ranked nationally.
Scores are all right-justified.
Scores are also accessible through progress reports in each module.
Scores are also available by e-mail, fax, telephone or general post.
Scores are artificial satellites.
Scores are auto-graded and are available shortly after the end of the test period.
Scores are available about six weeks after the test is taken.
Scores are available approximately two to three weeks after the test administration.
Scores are available by clicking on the logo to the right.
Scores are available for perusal, for no charge, for a two week period.
Scores are available for purchase at rehearsals.
Scores are available for reporting only after they have been added to the computer files.
Scores are available here .
Scores are available immediately after test completion.
Scores are available immediately after testing.
Scores are available on request.
Scores are available on the Sports Page.
Scores are available shortly after the test is finished.
Scores are available the same day the test is taken.
Scores are available to view on screen or for administrators to print immediately.
Scores are available to view on screen or to print immediately.
Scores are available within two to three weeks.
Scores are available.
Scores are close.
Scores are consistently above the national norm.
Scores are consistently higher than both national, state and borough averages.
Scores are cumulative, so it takes all six songs to win.
Scores are cumulative.
Scores are dead and hundreds wounded.
Scores are dead.
Scores are debts.
Scores are dynamic and change when new information is added to the credit file.
Scores are dynamic.
Scores are easy to read while standing at the line, even in well lit areas.
Scores are especially useful when all the applicants have high GPAs.
Scores are facts.
Scores are final.
Scores are for all students, including special education.
Scores are generally valid for a period of five years.
Scores are good for a period of five years.
Scores are good for six months.
Scores are good for two years.
Scores are helpful in curriculum planning and in validating the completion of a level of study.
Scores are higher, and, in general, the games have become much more exciting.
Scores are immediately available for the computer portion of the test.
Scores are in deviation score form.
Scores are in Finale .
Scores are in grade level ability.
Scores are in grade level, percentile and stanine.
Scores are in multiples of one standard deviation.
Scores are in national percentile ranks.
Scores are in terms of mental age.
Scores are incisions.
Scores are input at a separate Web site.
Scores are located in sporting events.
Scores are near-irrelevant.
Scores are now correct.
Scores are numbers.
Scores are often five to twenty percent lower for group papers.
Scores are on the grade sheet.
Scores are one factor among many.
Scores are only online.
Scores are only relative and par is a notional figure.
Scores are primarily vocal scores.
Scores are reason.
Scores are school norms.
Scores are sets.
Scores are sheet music.
Scores are similar league wide, and the statistical categories are also more equal.
Scores are similarly stellar among the sixth through eighth graders.
Scores are stable and high degree of agreement among raters.
Scores are subject to change without notice.
Scores are subject to change.
Scores are subject to review for rules compliance.
Scores are subject to the same circulation policies as other library books.
Scores are success.
Scores are the individual values actually occurring at each time.
Scores are the only objective measurement that can be used in that system.
Scores are to be submitted in the form of the original score sheets.
Scores are undecided.
Scores are usually just one of many factors a lender considers in making a decision.
Scores are valid for five years after the test date, and multiple test scores are averaged together.
Scores are valid for five years.
Scores are valid for one year and can be obtained by bringing a picture ID to our office.
Scores are valid for one year from the date of testing.
Scores are valid for one year from the date the test is scored.
Scores are valid for only five years.
Scores are valid for registering for courses which begin within ONE YEAR after taking the test.
Scores are valid for two academic years only.
Scores are valid for two semesters only.
Scores are valid for two years from test date.
Scores are valid for two years.
Scores are valid for up to five years.
Scores are valid forever, as long as they meet the Mensa requirements.
Scores are very clear and chord symbols are provided.
Scores array a .
Scores arrive in approximately five weeks.
Scores arrive in our office approximately three weeks after the test has been written.
Scores automatically improve as one's overall credit picture gets better.
Scores become part of each manager's performance appraisal.
Scores begin coming over the public address system.
Scores below are totals to that point in the game.
Scores can also include points for sportsmanship and attendance.
Scores can be e-mailed to instructor.
Scores can be holistic or analytical, considering criteria together as a whole or separately.
Scores can be no more than five years old.
Scores can be no more than three years old.
Scores can be uploaded to the Internet.
Scores can change often.
Scores can fall in spite of true academic progress.
Scores can include numbers, grades, symbols and words.
Scores can only occur after a play to a target player.
Scores can sometimes provide evidence of the mental illness improving or worsening over time.
Scores change as new information comes in.
Scores change daily according to both client and service provider input.
Scores circulate for two weeks.
Scores cluster around the middle of the scale and decline as they approached the extreme.
Scores consistently match or exceed their medicine and pediatric counterparts.
Scores contain stage directions and the use of choir and orchestra became more dramatic and rich.
Scores contain stage directions and the use of choirs and orchestras became more dramatic and rich.
Scores continue climb.
Scores continue to improve over time.
Scores convert to rewards and privileges.
Scores correlate with other nationally normed standardized assessments.
Scores depend on distance covered, power used, and whether the age of the equipment qualifies.
Scores die each day from malnutrition and disease including cholera.
Scores die, and hundreds more are injured, in boating accidents.
Scores equal the percentage of respondents who rated a chain above average or excellent.
Scores falling below six require another person for supervision or assistance.
Scores format OCLC- MARC format used to catalog musical scores.
Scores given are the average total on the test, which is divided into math and verbal sections.
Scores given here are average scaled scores.
Scores given to papers range from six down to one.
Scores go down from nine for the next circle out to one for the outermost circle.
Scores go toward total team score.
Scores go up as the modeler attempts more difficult modeling projects and methods.
Scores have (part) staff lines.
Scores have to match the player's ideas of significance.
Scores help businesses make decisions such as whether to accept or decline the application.
Scores help the student and the advisor select the appropriate courses.
Scores help the student and the advisors select the appropriate courses.
Scores highlighed in blue indicate playoff position.
Scores hits based on their probable relevancy to search.
Scores illustrate how Richmond students performed compared to national averages.
Scores improve rapidly.
Scores improve with amazing ease.
Scores including handicap determine all cash positions.
Scores increase dramatically as a person is trained or familiarised with a test.
Scores increase with each round.
Scores indicate correct, early, and late expectations for the instrument as a whole.
Scores indicate the average number of test questions that all county students answered correctly.
Scores indicate the percent of students who missed the question.
Scores indicate whether the child's performances are in the normal or delayed range.
Scores indicate youth are receiving and comprehending educational information about their projects.
Scores is in the middle of the shopping center.
Scores is the incredible music that creates a mood in a movie.
Scores linger in the memory like a good punt hangs in the sky.
Scores listed on an official transcript are acceptable.
Scores load slowly.
Scores merely reflect people's perceptions.
Scores more come in from overseas.
Scores more leave their homeland every week.
Scores more suffer serious injuries, including near drowning, and psychological trauma.
Scores never expire.
Scores only provide a general indication of such compliance during the store's last inspection.
Scores ovals and circles on flat glass and stained glass.
Scores plunge, resources wither, buildings decay.
Scores points for robustness.
Scores posted here are the final, corrected scores.
Scores properly reset for joining specs and late-connectors.
Scores provide opportunities for both rewards and consequences.
Scores provide the links to the individual movements.
Scores range from zero to one hundred points and determine how many E-Stars a structure merits.
Scores reflect both clinician knowledge and patient-doctor communication skills.
Scores reflect credit payment patterns over time with more emphasis on recent information.
Scores reflect resuts of all general and special education students.
Scores reflect the current assessment of a hybrid's brittle snap tendencies.
Scores reflect the relative weight an individual places on each value.
Scores remain in prison and some are still facing execution.
Scores remain in prison as stories of brutality against demonstrators continue to surface.
Scores remain in the good to very good range and have risen somewhat in recent years.
Scores represent a range of leucocyte content rather than an exact count.
Scores represent highest average calculated for each commercial.
Scores represent percent of items marked correct on the exam.
Scores represent time rounded to the nearest second.
Scores resemble the local slo-pitch softball league.
Scores results accurately and immediately.
Scores runs quickly and is a very entertaining and popular member of the club.
Scores seem a little inflated, but the comments are useful.
Scores show how well a student did compared to a national sample.
Scores show that poor and minority children often are the first to fail such tests.
Scores show the percentage of survey respondents who named the hospital over the past three years.
Scores shown in parentheses indicate a losing game score for the eventual match winner.
Scores take approximately six weeks to arrive.
Scores tend start out a bit lower than usual in the first rotation.
Scores tend to be accurately low.
Scores tend to be higher on the back nine, which is longer and tighter than the front.
Scores tend to be highest in the Midwest and lowest in the South.
Scores tend to go up and down all the time as people gain and lose supporters.
Scores then take care of themselves.
Scores thus have no absolute meaning for a particular site.
Scores typically go down when the assessment is completed a second time.
Scores using a combination of both can be very effective and inexpensive to produce.
Scores vary around the subgroup means.
Scores work best when they have action onscreen to play against.
Scores often involve hundreds of runs on each side.
All scores achieved in a given week are contenders for being on the high score list.
All scores are available from the composer.
All scores are average except for an above-average score for satisfaction with overall reliability.
All scores are confidential.
All scores are for nine holes.
All scores are in bytes.
All scores are in pages per minute.
All scores are in seconds.
All scores are non-parametric by definition eg.
All scores are percentages.
All scores are percentile rank scores.
All scores are positive.
All scores are relative to North-South .
All scores are right justified.
All scores are right-justified.
All scores are strictly confidential.
All scores are the average of three runs.
All scores are typeset and printed on high quality paper.
All scores are unofficial.
All scores are valid for two years.
All scores count for the individual title.
All scores count.
All scores here employ a similar tactic and are homogenic in atmosphere.
All scores lie within three standard deviations.
All scores list UVa's score first followed by the opponent's score.
All scores reflect ALL added points.
ALL scores reflect all extra points.
All scores represent a percentile ranking.
All scores shown are two-year averages.
Any score is very specific.
Any Score similarly has classical and other sheet music and some for free.
Any Score similarly has classical and other sheet music including some available for free.
Every score causes explosive lightning and thunder sound effects.
Every score counts.
Every score is accompanied by a maximum of four reason codes.
Every score means something to their respective school.
Every score stays in the exact same position relative to every other score in the distribution.
More scores happen in the last two minutes of the football game than any other time frame.
More scores make the comparison more accurate.
More scores raise more questions.
Most scores circulate for a four week loan period, similar to books.
Most scores cluster around the center with lesser number of scores being higher or lower.
Some scores are available.
Some scores are revolutionary, but they're very few and far in between.
Some scores provide helpful information.
Some scores provide information.
A scoreboard is a board
A scoreboard is a sign
Scoreboard comes standard in black.
Scoreboard goes dark for a moment, then comes back on.
Scoreboard watching among challenging squads is usually in vogue late in a conference season.
Scoreboards are available in chalkboard and dry-erase styles.
Scoreboards are boards.
Scoreboards are located in sporting events.
Scoreboards flash messages to pump up the crowd.
Scoreboards give kids feedback.
Scoreboards scroll through all times with place, lane and time.
A scorecard is a record
Scorecard reports progress and shows problems to practice.
Scorecard shows all comparisons.
Scorecards Click on a thumbnail for a bigger image.
Scorecards Click on one of the course names to the right to see their scorecard.
Scorecards Compare educational achievement by state.
Scorecards look and print just like the ones from the real courses.
Scored grooves can hold crud and help accumulate agglomerates.
Scored jaws hold rings securely.
Scored step provides non-slip footing.
A scorer is a player
Scorer reads move tables and scores various types of games, including rotating individuals.
Scorers are aware at the time of scoring of each stem statement as well as the specific ratings.
Scorers are essential to junior golf tournaments.
Scorers are players.
Scorers are to demonstrate sound knowledge of the game and the ability to record accurately.
Scorers examine students writing samples and give subjective grades.
Scorers know that imitation is the best way to learn.
Scorers pick which games they want, how many, where and when.
Scorers put real effort into playing in their own zone.
Scorers read each paper, then assign each a score from one to six.
Scorers receive two to three days of training.
Scorers work in teams of two.
All scorers employed by the firm have college degrees and undergo special training.
Some scorers mark a run by blacking in the diamond shape in the box.
A scoria is scum
Scoria is commonly in the size range of lapilli to bombs and is black, red, or brown in color.
Scoria is very vesicular, low density basalt.
Scorn is dislike
Scorn pours out and drowns every hope before it can draw breath.
A scorpion fish is a bony fish
Scorpion fish are perch like fish with large, spiny heads and strong, sometimes venomous fin spines.
Scorpion fish like to sit around on the reef pretending to be rocks.
Scorpion fish live mainly in the reefs in the Pacific and Indian oceans.
Scorpion fishes produce a floating, gelatinous mass in which the eggs are embedded.
Most scorpion fishes live on or near the bottom.
Scorpion flies look like winged scorpions but pose no threat to humans.
Scorpion sting causes numbnesses.
Scorpion stings are also relatively common in the southwestern United States.
Scorpion stings are notoriously painful and in Mexico can actually be fatal.
Scorpion stings are painful, and they can be fatal, particularly to children.
Scorpion stings can cause immediate local pain with minimal swelling.
Scorpion stings present the greatest danger to the elderly and infirm, and to the very young.
Some scorpion sting has reaction.
Scorpion venom contains toxins.
Scorpion venom is a neurotoxin used to paralyze prey.
Scorpion venom is a potent stimulator of the autonomic nervous system.
Scorpion venom is among the most potent of animal venoms.
Scorpion venom leads to gastrointestinal ischemia in spite of increased oxygen delivery in pigs.
Scorpion venom leads to gastrointestinal ischemia.
A scorpion is an arachnoid
Scorpion aids in uncovering what is hidden along with a sense of timing and cunning calculation.
Scorpion are one of the better known predators and one of the most feared by humans.
Scorpion burrows can be a meter deep, depending on the dryness of the location.
Scorpion can,hugger,single seat etc.
Scorpion carries two ninja swords.
Scorpion Click the logo to send an e-mail.
Scorpion explores the indexing and cataloging of electronic resources.
Scorpion Explores the indexing and cataloging of electronic resources.
Scorpion fires the creature a second time, but Cage dodges it and it fatally smashes into a tree.
Scorpion flies mating.
Scorpion fly larvae keep themselves buried in the soil, avoiding predation above the soil.
Scorpion has three toilets, two washroom sinks, little elbow room and no place for anyone to hide.
Scorpion introduces a new generation of spray-lining technology.
Scorpion is a popular subject of cosplay among both men and women.
Scorpion is featured therein as an unplayable boss character, appearing twice throughout the game.
Scorpion is finished with a durable black powder coating.
Scorpion is killed with great difficulty after an extensive hand to hand fight session.
Scorpion is perceived by fans as the title's foremost anti-hero.
Scorpion is symbolic of strength, transformation and patience.
Scorpion isa arthropod.
Scorpion Knows own strength and weakness just all to well, but also the ones of others.
Scorpion Knows own strength and weaknesses just all to well, but also the ones of others.
Scorpion never dies.
Scorpion pedipalps are pincers.
Scorpion snowmobiles None philosophy spoke finally, also a attention past any blood force.
Scorpion starts to emerge from southeast east direction.
Scorpion takes it up the ass.
Scorpions abound in tropical and warm temperate countries.
Scorpions absorb fluids through the flesh and organs of their prey.
Scorpions add to the legend of scary arachnids.
Scorpions adore warm, damp, and dark places.
Scorpions also come out from their shelters in the evening.
Scorpions also find daytimehiding places in crawl spaces, attics, and closets.
Scorpions also have a pair of enlarged pinchers at their front, which they use to grab prey.
Scorpions also have eight legs.
Scorpions also hide under rocks, in surface cracks, and in the bark of live or fallen trees.
Scorpions approach scorpions.
Scorpions are a different matter.
Scorpions are a greater problem in the north-western Cape than snakes.
Scorpions are a member of the Arachnida class and are closely related to spiders, ticks , and mites.
Scorpions are able to go up to a year without eating thanks to their specialized metabolisms.
Scorpions are active at night, feeding on insects such as cockroaches or house crickets.
Scorpions are all poisonous to a greater or lesser degree.
Scorpions are also potentially dangerous.
Scorpions are also symbols of Africa, veracity, the earth, dialectic, and logic.
Scorpions are amazing animals, but they can pack a painful sting.
Scorpions are ambush hunters.
Scorpions are among the most feared animals.
Scorpions are among the most resistant animals to the dangerous effects of radiations.
Scorpions are among the oldest arachnids.
Scorpions are an independent species , only relying on their mother until they reach maturity .
Scorpions are an independent species, only relying on their mother until they reach maturity.
Scorpions are another desert hazard.
Scorpions are arachnids sometimes mistaken for insects.
Scorpions are arachnids that possess eight legs.
Scorpions are arachnids.
Scorpions are arthropods with six legs and stingers on the ends of their tails.
Scorpions are at home in the desert.
Scorpions are attracted to dark, moist spaces.
Scorpions are cannibals and often eat each other.
Scorpions are capable of reducing their metabolic rates to very low levels.
Scorpions are capable of sting.
Scorpions are carnivores and feed on crickets.
Scorpions are carnivorous animals and the food consists of small insects and spiders.
Scorpions are carnivorous, feeding mostly on insects and spiders.
Scorpions are classified as arachnids, the same as spiders.
Scorpions are close relatives of ticks, mites, and spiders.
Scorpions are common in desert regions.
Scorpions are common in the arid and semiarid regions.
Scorpions are common in the canyon and stings occur with regularity.
Scorpions are common, and their bites are extremly painful and sometimes fatal.
Scorpions are dangerous and mysterious creatures that when captured many kill themselves.
Scorpions are different from other arachnids.
Scorpions are easy pickings for hungry meerkats.
Scorpions are easy to find.
Scorpions are eight legged venomous arachnids .
Scorpions are entirely carnivorous.
Scorpions are essentially tropical creatures, though a few species are found in the south of Europe.
Scorpions are even worse.
Scorpions are fairly common in hilly regions of India particularly on slopes of hills.
Scorpions are found mostly in the Southern and Western states.
Scorpions are from the family of arachnids along with spiders.
Scorpions are generally large arachnids.
Scorpions are gonochoristic with complex mating behavior resulting in transfer of spermatophores.
Scorpions are inhabitants of warm countries all over the world.
Scorpions are known for having bad eyesight, so they tend to walk along walls.
Scorpions are known for hiding and waiting for their prey.
Scorpions are land-dwelling arthropods.
Scorpions are located in tropical rainforests.
Scorpions are lots of fun to watch.
Scorpions are military units.
Scorpions are more aggressive.
Scorpions are more common, but less deadly.
Scorpions are most abundant and diverse in warmer climates.
Scorpions are most active at night.
Scorpions are night hunters.
Scorpions are nocturnal and feed mainly on insects and spiders.
Scorpions are nocturnal and hide during the day.
Scorpions are nocturnal and prefer warm, dry climates.
Scorpions are nocturnal and typically shelter by day.
Scorpions are nocturnal and very active during the summer months.
Scorpions are nocturnal animals.
Scorpions are nocturnal creatures that resist stinging unless provoked or attacked.
Scorpions are nocturnal feeders that avoid high-intensity light.
Scorpions are nocturnal hunters feeding at night and hiding during the day.
Scorpions are nocturnal hunters so they only come out during the cooler hours of the night.
Scorpions are nocturnal hunters.
Scorpions are nocturnal or diurnal, and are considered predatory animals that feed on other insects.
Scorpions are nocturnal predators feeding primarily on insects and other arthropods.
Scorpions are nocturnal, have eight legs and have a tail that curves upward toward the back.
Scorpions are nocturnal, hiding during the day to conserve moisture.
Scorpions are nocturnal.
Scorpions are non-insect arthropods.
Scorpions are notiously sly and daring.
Scorpions are notorious for hiding in boots.
Scorpions are often misunderstood.
Scorpions are only able to ingest liquids so the solid matter is discarded after feeding.
Scorpions are opportunistic predators of small arthropods and insects.
Scorpions are paramilitaries.
Scorpions are part of the natural environment.
Scorpions are people.
Scorpions are poisonous because otherwise they'd never get respect with that many appendages.
Scorpions are predators.
Scorpions are predatory arthropods.
Scorpions are predatory, using their venom to subdue their prey and for defense.
Scorpions are predatory.
Scorpions are primarily active at night, and they sting when provoked or disturbed.
Scorpions are quiet creatures, only emerging at night to hunt.
Scorpions are relatively inactive during the daylight hours.
Scorpions are roller coasters.
Scorpions are sensitive to light, so they are primarily nocturnal.
Scorpions are sexually dimorphic.
Scorpions are similar to spiders.
Scorpions are solitary creatures and never live in groups.
Scorpions are solitary creatures, interacting only to mate or to prey upon one another.
Scorpions are superb example of a creature adapted for the desert.
Scorpions are the most sexual of the signs in terms of cravings and desires.
Scorpions are the oldest known arthropods that live on land.
Scorpions are typically nocturnal animals, hiding in the day and foraging at night.
Scorpions are unusual among arachnids in having life spans that last more than one season.
Scorpions are venomous animals.
Scorpions are venomous predatory arthropods with highly effective sensory mechanisms.
Scorpions are very aggressive and are quick to sting.
Scorpions are very competitive, practical, shrood, and conservative with money.
Scorpions are very cool.
Scorpions are very distinctive arthropods.
Scorpions are viviparous.
Scorpions are vulnerable because they have the lowest rate of reproduction among arthropods.
Scorpions are, after all, a threatening creature in Egyptian magic as well as real life.
Scorpions are, in a word, great where money is concerned.
Scorpions attack prey.
Scorpions attract scorpions.
Scorpions avoid predation.
Scorpions become nocturnal when they are old enough to hunt and feed.
Scorpions become problems.
Scorpions belong to a phylum of joint-legged animals with external skeletons called arthropods.
Scorpions belong to the few dangerous species.
Scorpions breathe air.
Scorpions breathe through four pairs of book lungs on the underside of their abdomen.
Scorpions burrow into sand.
Scorpions can be as short as an inch long, but their sting is deadly.
Scorpions can be nasty little critters, too.
Scorpions can be sad and glad.
Scorpions can control how much venom is injected in a sting.
Scorpions can control the amount of venom injected.
Scorpions can hide in clothing, luggage and shipping containers.
Scorpions can interpret vibrations transmitted through both the air and the ground.
Scorpions can live for three to seven years.
Scorpions can only digest food in a liquid form, so any solid matter is usually filtered out.
Scorpions carry stingers.
Scorpions cause significant threats to the public health in most of Latin America.
Scorpions come all different sizes.
Scorpions come in a variety of colors - from tan to light brown to black.
Scorpions come in all the painted colors shown in the chart.
Scorpions digest prey.
Scorpions display tendencies.
Scorpions drink water.
Scorpions eat a variety of insects, spiders, other scorpions and lizards.
Scorpions eat a wide variety of food.
Scorpions eat crickets.
Scorpions eat feeder crickets.
Scorpions eat insects and spiders, and are most active at night.
Scorpions eat mainly insects and spiders.
Scorpions eat mainly insects, spiders, centipedes.
Scorpions emerge at nights.
Scorpions engage in activities.
Scorpions enter homes in search of food and moisture.
Scorpions establish colonies.
Scorpions exhibit several antipredator adaptations.
Scorpions feed on insects and other small arthropods , including other scorpions.
Scorpions feed on insects, and their presence is due to insect food in the area.
Scorpions feed on insects, spiders, centipedes, and other scorpions.
Scorpions feed on insects.
Scorpions feed on mainly spiders, centipedes, a variety of other insects, and other scorpions.
Scorpions feed on other bugs.
Scorpions feed on spiders and soft-bodied insects.
Scorpions find in arizona deserts.
Scorpions find in deserts.
Scorpions fluoresce with a greenish colour under long-wave UV light.
Scorpions generally hide during the day and are active at night.
Scorpions glow in the dark.
Scorpions glow in ultraviolet light.
Scorpions goes into shock in cold water and goes limp.
Scorpions grow and shed their entire exoskeleton several times before they are full grown.
Scorpions grow by shedding their hard outer shells.
Scorpions has-part legs.
Scorpions have (part) brains.
Scorpions have (part) carapaces.
Scorpions have (part) cell membranes.
Scorpions have (part) cells.
Scorpions have (part) corpi.
Scorpions have (part) cytoplasm.
Scorpions have (part) ears.
Scorpions have (part) faces.
Scorpions have (part) heads.
Scorpions have (part) nuclei.
Scorpions have (part) plasma membranes.
Scorpions have (part) sections.
Scorpions have (part) shells.
Scorpions have (part) skulls.
Scorpions have (part) thoraxes.
Scorpions have (part) vacuoles.
Scorpions have a bad reputation mostly because of movies.
Scorpions have a primitive nervous system.
Scorpions have a six-segmented abdomen.
Scorpions have a venomous stinger on the tip of their tail.
Scorpions have a worldwide distribution.
Scorpions have an articulated body.
Scorpions have cheliceras.
Scorpions have claws.
Scorpions have color.
Scorpions have distinct color.
Scorpions have eight legs and a pair of lobster-like pinchers and a tail that curves up.
Scorpions have eight legs, two palps, one stinger, and the eyes depend on species.
Scorpions have eight legs.
Scorpions have eyes.
Scorpions have fronts.
Scorpions have great personal magnetism.
Scorpions have hair on their feet for burrowing, and long straight claws to seize and crush prey.
Scorpions have many mating rituals before reproduction.
Scorpions have many ways to survive in the desert .
Scorpions have multiple eyes like other arachnids, but they have poor eyesight.
Scorpions have night habits.
Scorpions have outer shells.
Scorpions have pale color.
Scorpions have pincer claws and a stinger.
Scorpions have pincers, eight legs and a long tail with a stinger at the tip.
Scorpions have poisonous stingers on their tails.
Scorpions have ranges.
Scorpions have shells.
Scorpions have slow development.
Scorpions have small eyes and very poor vision.
Scorpions have soft outer shells.
Scorpions have soft shells.
Scorpions have some of the most light sensitive vision amongst animals.
Scorpions have stingers.
Scorpions have tails.
Scorpions have three parts, adding a tail to the arachnid cephalothorax and abdomen.
Scorpions have two body regions, the cephalothorax and the abdomen.
Scorpions have undersides.
Scorpions have venom.
Scorpions have yellow color.
Scorpions hibernate during the cold months of the year.
Scorpions hide during the day and are active at night.
Scorpions hide in cracks.
Scorpions hunt at nights.
Scorpions hunt their prey.
Scorpions increase in weight until the exoskeleton has become too small to allow further growth.
Scorpions ingest liquids.
Scorpions inhabit it now until the attendants get off break.
Scorpions is an excellent contemporary young adult novel treating the youth violence crisis.
Scorpions kill prey.
Scorpions lead lonesome lives.
Scorpions like to live in cool, damp places like basements, wood piles, and junk piles.
Scorpions live in deserts.
Scorpions live in habitats.
Scorpions live in various habitats.
Scorpions live in very dry climates.
Scorpions live in warm countries in most parts of the world.
Scorpions live in warmer habitats than spiders and can live four or five months without food.
Scorpions live on every continent except Antarctica and are found in almost every kind of habitat.
Scorpions live on insects, but they kill and devour their own species as well.
Scorpions look like a lobster with a sharp stinger on the end of their long, skinny tails.
Scorpions mature faster in warmer weather.
Scorpions molt an average of six times before maturity.
Scorpions naturally glow under UV-light.
Scorpions occur in habitats.
Scorpions only know how to sting and kill.
Scorpions perceive the world through visual, tactile, and chemical sense organs.
Scorpions perform a mating dance by clasping each others pincers and dance around.
Scorpions play on all teams in the league.
Scorpions possess metabolism.
Scorpions possess sting.
Scorpions possess venomous sting.
Scorpions prefer deserts.
Scorpions prefer to be in dark, moist places.
Scorpions prefer warm and relatively dry habitats.
Scorpions prey chiefly upon insects but spiders, millipedes and centipedes are also eaten.
Scorpions prey on grasshoppers.
Scorpions prey on insects, spiders and other invertebrates.
Scorpions pro- duce living young, which stay a week or more upon their mother's back.
Scorpions produce venom.
Scorpions range from the Gulf States to California and north into the dry areas of the west.
Scorpions react to ants, eat crickets, and carry babies on their backs.
Scorpions rely on prey.
Scorpions rely on smell and vibrations to find each other for mating purposes.
Scorpions remain sheltered in the daytime and become active at night.
Scorpions represent a special type of arthropod.
Scorpions reproduce sexually and all species have individual males and females.
Scorpions reproduce sexually.
Scorpions resemble scorpions.
Scorpions resemble small lobsters with raised, jointed tails bearing a stinger in the tip.
Scorpions rest during the day.
Scorpions search for prey.
Scorpions seek shelter in bedclothes.
Scorpions sense in-coming prey by air and ground vibrations.
Scorpions share features.
Scorpions share several features.
Scorpions shed their exoskeleton.
Scorpions show dimorphism.
Scorpions show sexual dimorphism.
Scorpions shows how to defend and attack when needed.
Scorpions smolder with every come-hither look, alluring wink of an eye and mysterious stare.
Scorpions strike terror in many people and have been both hated and admired since ancient times.
Scorpions survive on various insects and small animals, such as rodents.
Scorpions survive several weeks.
Scorpions survive weeks.
Scorpions survive whole years.
Scorpions survive years.
Scorpions take love very seriously and are searching for admiration from a partner.
Scorpions tend to live in hostile environments, and are difficult to distinguish between species.
Scorpions tend to live in the ground but they are also going to be found living in the trees.
Scorpions to conserve venom.
Scorpions typically produce live young instead of laying eggs.
Scorpions use a small, clawlike structure that protrudes from their mouths called chelicerae.
Scorpions use tails.
Scorpions use the pincers to capture and hold prey.
Scorpions use their pincers to capture and crush prey.
Scorpions use their pincers to grab and tear apart smaller prey.
Scorpions often have a great deal of magnetism.
Scorpions often shelter in shoes or clothing.
Scorpions sometimes prey on each other, but their main food is the woodlouse.
Scorpions usually feed on insects and spiders.
Scorpions usually hide during the day and become active at night when they feed and mate.
All scorpion flies go through the same general life cycle.
All scorpions are capable of stinging.
All scorpions are exclusively carnivorous.
All scorpions are nocturnal and generally venture from their shelters at night to forage for prey.
All scorpions are venomous.
All scorpions are viviparous and the females carry the newly-hatched young on their backs.
All scorpions have a certain amount of venom.
All scorpions have a hard skin also called an exo skeleton.
All scorpions have an additional five segments after the initial seven, ending in a sharp sting.
All scorpions have eight legs and two pincers.
All scorpions have venom.
All scorpions kill prey with their pincers.
Any scorpion can cause a fatality under the right conditions.
Every scorpion constructs a burrow and there is only one scorpion per burrow.
Most scorpions approach scorpions.
Most scorpions are harmless.
Most scorpions are loners because of their cannibalistic tendencies.
Most scorpions are nocturnal.
Most scorpions attack prey.
Most scorpions attract scorpions.
Most scorpions avoid predation.
Most scorpions become problems.
Most scorpions breathe air.
Most scorpions burrow into sand.
Most scorpions carry stingers.
Most scorpions digest prey.
Most scorpions display tendencies.
Most scorpions drink water.
Most scorpions eat crickets.
Most scorpions eat feeder crickets.
Most scorpions emerge at nights.
Most scorpions engage in activities.
Most scorpions establish colonies.
Most scorpions feed on insects.
Most scorpions find in arizona deserts.
Most scorpions find in deserts.
Most scorpions has-part legs.
Most scorpions have cheliceras.
Most scorpions have claws.
Most scorpions have color.
Most scorpions have distinct color.
Most scorpions have eyes.
Most scorpions have fronts.
Most scorpions have outer shells.
Most scorpions have ranges.
Most scorpions have shells.
Most scorpions have soft outer shells.
Most scorpions have soft shells.
Most scorpions have stingers.
Most scorpions have tails.
Most scorpions have undersides.
Most scorpions have venom.
Most scorpions have yellow color.
Most scorpions hide in cracks.
Most scorpions hide under logs, rocks, boards and clutter.
Most scorpions ingest liquids.
Most scorpions kill prey.
Most scorpions live in deserts.
Most scorpions live in habitats.
Most scorpions live in various habitats.
Most scorpions occur in habitats.
Most scorpions possess metabolism.
Most scorpions possess sting.
Most scorpions possess venomous sting.
Most scorpions prefer deserts.
Most scorpions prefer warm, dry climates common to Arizona, California and New Mexico.
Most scorpions prey on grasshoppers.
Most scorpions produce venom.
Most scorpions rely on prey.
Most scorpions reproduce sexually.
Most scorpions resemble scorpions.
Most scorpions search for prey.
Most scorpions share features.
Most scorpions share several features.
Most scorpions show dimorphism.
Most scorpions show sexual dimorphism.
Most scorpions shows some sort of homing ability.
Most scorpions survive several weeks.
Most scorpions survive weeks.
Most scorpions survive whole years.
Most scorpions survive years.
Most scorpions use tails.
Some scorpion antivenins to treat scorpion sting.
Some scorpion antivenins to treat severe scorpion sting.
Some scorpion antivenins to treat severe sting.
Some scorpion antivenins to treat sting.
Some scorpions are born with two tails, which is considered a genetic abnormality.
Some scorpions attract mates.
Some scorpions can go for a year without food.
Some scorpions can live their whole live relying only on the moisture in the food.
Some scorpions can survive a whole year with no food.
Some scorpions cause death.
Some scorpions cause injuries.
Some scorpions change over time.
Some scorpions eat cockroaches.
Some scorpions enter seek shelter.
Some scorpions enter shelter.
Some scorpions feed on vertebrates.
Some scorpions follow types.
Some scorpions have ability.
Some scorpions have amaze ability.
Some scorpions have effects.
Some scorpions have exoskeletons.
Some scorpions have huge pinchers.
Some scorpions have levels.
Some scorpions have lifespans.
Some scorpions have plates.
Some scorpions have small stings and others have big stings.
Some scorpions have triangular plates.
Some scorpions have unique ability.
Some scorpions have weapons.
Some scorpions live indefinitely without drinking.
Some scorpions possess glands.
Some scorpions reach adulthood.
Some scorpions reach maturity.
Some scorpions share friendships.
Some scorpions wait at their burrows to ambush their prey.
A scorpionfish is a bony fish
Scorpionfishes are bottom-living predators, lying on rocky and sandy bottoms.
Scorpionfishes have a reddish to brownish color and are mottled.
Scorpionfishes have large, heavily ridged and spined heads.
Scorpionfishes have large, heavily ridged heads and venomous spines on their back and fins.
Some scorpionfishes can change their color to better match their surroundings.
Scorpionic colours are red, black, midnight blue, and emerald green.
Scosche kits are the kit of choice for professional installers and consumers alike.
Scotch ale needs a high pitching rate.
Scotch ales are rich and malty and often accented with a touch of peat-smoked whiskey malt.
Scotch bonnets resemble a tam or bonnet, hence the name.
Scotch broom can reproduce either vegetatively or by seed and is extremely prolific.
Scotch broom contains high levels of tyramine .
Scotch broom enters forests through the edge habitats along roads.
Scotch broom invades disturbed sites such as clearcuts, dredge spoils, and roadside clearings.
Scotch broom is a great foliage.
Scotch broom is high in the chemical tyramine.
Scotch broom prefers sandy soils.
Scotch broth is a barley-thickened soup which was once popular throughout Britain.
Scotch moss stay evergreen in winter and feature small white flowers in late spring.
Scotch pine are especially susceptible, but others can be infected if they are stressed.
Scotch pine cultivates inner strength and perseverance.
Scotch pine is especially vulnerable.
Scotch pine is native to Europe and Asia.
Scotch pine is particularly susceptible.
Scotch pine is pine.
Scotch pine is reproduced from seed.
Scotch pine is susceptible to both ponderosa and lodgepole pine dwarf mistletoe.
Scotch pine is the best selling species in the Midwest.
Scotch pine is the overall American favorite.
Scotch pine makes a prickly, stiff, good space filler in an arrangement.
Scotch pines are least expensive, then spruces.
Scotch pines are on the lower end of the price scale.
Scotch tape is constructed of polymers.
Scotch tape is especially notorious for causing further damage.
Scotch tape is located in cabinets.
Scotch tape is located in desks.
Scotch tape is settled upon as the solution.
Scotch tape removes most splinters painlessly and easily.
Scotch tape removes most splinters splinters painlessly and easily.
Scotch tape repairs any weak spots.
Scotch tape residue.
Scotch tape works but masking tape is best.
Scotch tape works very well for most masking tasks.
Scotch thistle can produce stands so dense they are impenetrable to humans, cattle, and wildlife.
Scotch thistle has very large, coarsely lobed leaves with spines.
Scotch thistle is a spiny biennial.
Scotch thistles invade Australian crop fields.
Scotch whiskey is simply distilled Scottish ale.
Most scotch whiskey has about four times more congeners than does gin.
Scotch whisky is defined as being produced in four areas.
Scotch whisky is made from all natural ingredients, all of which are found in Scotland.
A scotch is a dent
Scotch comes in two varieties, grain and malt .
Scotch sells on image and product.
Scotchgard protection adds life to all leather, from all-terrain boots to bomber jackets.
Scotchgard protection keeps treated items looking good longer and provides ease of care.
Scotchgarded material makes cleaning easy.
Scotchgaurd protection provides water repellent finish for tent walls and rainfly.
Scotchguard protection makes clean-up easier and keeps the rugs looking beautiful longer.
A scoter is a sea duck
Scoters are birds.
Scoters are common wintering birds off several estuaries.
Scoters are sea ducks that raft on the water and dive for food such as mullusks and crustaceans.
Scoters are sea ducks.
Scoters breed in Canada and Alaska.
Scoters feed on mullusks, crabs, and some fish and very little vegetation.
Scotland has (part) Caledonia.
Scotland has (part) Cumbria.
Scotland isa thing.
Scotopic vision is rod vision.
Scotopic vision is vision
Scottish ale is served along with a personally selected range of the finest malt whiskies.
Some Scottish archives keep lists of record agents and researchers in their areas.
Scottish banks are independant companies.
All Scottish banks have the right to print their own notes.
Scottish bishops assert independence of the jurisdiction of York, England.
Scottish businesses benefit from stability in the domestic economy.
Scottish capital is no less imperialist than British capital.
Scottish castles are no exception.
Many Scottish castles are really fortified houses with the main living rooms on the upper floors.
Scottish championships winner.
Scottish cheddar is a good buy, but watch for specials on other cheeses.
Scottish churches predict future union.
Scottish company offers translations in all languages.
Some Scottish country dances in html and pdf formats.
Scottish cows complain of farmers with cold hands.
Scottish dance is another tradition passed down through generations.
Scottish Deerhounds are quiet and dignified, though keen and alert.
Scottish detective runs amok.
Some Scottish earldoms pass through the female line.
Scottish eccentrics are always welcome company.
Scottish education enjoys a coveted reputation for unsurpassed quality throughout the world.
Scottish family run jewellery store selling exquisite jewellery to USA, Canada and Australia.
Scottish family run jewellery store selling exquisite jewellery.
Scottish fans are mild-mannered underneath it all.
Scottish fiddlers keep up the village traditions.
Scottish fishermen are the only once using the area.
Scottish folds can have either straight or folded ears.
Scottish football is under-rated and the quality is very good indeed.
Scottish gold is of a generally high grade, that is to say, fairly pure.
Scottish gold is very rare and is available in only in small quantities.
Scottish golf is Scottish golf and American golf is American golf.
Scottish haggis is available in tins.
Scottish heritage is very much alive in Baton Rouge.
Scottish History has articles about diverse topics pertaining to the nation's history.
Scottish History is very much a research centre as well as a teaching department.
Scottish hospitality is world-renowned, but it does pay to plan ahead.
Scottish independence is like that.
Scottish law applies.
Scottish law is as different from English law as it is from French law.
Scottish law requires banns to be posted outside the local church within two weeks of a wedding.
Scottish literature is a special feature, along with a wide range of titles with a Scottish theme.
Scottish lochs are valuable both in water resource and conservation terms.
Scottish manuscripts corroborate the Irish documents.
Scottish mill provides handwoven fabric in any clan.
Scottish ministers act on independent advice, English ministers can do the same.
Scottish music comes in many forms.
Scottish music is noted for the wide use of a five-tone, or pentatonic, scale.
Scottish names are all over the early history of British India too.
Scottish names are always troublesome, sometimes in pronunciation and their origin.
Scottish nature can never become serious British nature.
Scottish nights vary from pleasantly cool to wellbelow freezing.
All Scottish notes are redeemable irrespective of age.
Scottish officers take the salute in Bremerhaven.
Scottish passengers deserve no less.
Scottish pensioners are now among the worst-off in Europe.
Scottish people are a lot cooler.
Scottish people are fun-loving, friendly, and devoted to their national culture.
Scottish people are tight with money.
Many Scottish people have a thistle carved on their headstone.
Scottish performances are nightly in the summer season .
Scottish police visit Malta to trace the origin of clothing recovered from the bomb suitcase.
Scottish practitioners showcase their current research.
Scottish products london gifts giftware.
Scottish recruits attend intensive training weekends on both sides of the Border.
Scottish regiments serve in Northern Ireland.
Scottish residents remain an important market for Scotland.
Some Scottish rivers limit catches to one fish per rod a week.
Scottish saints index an index of Saints either from Scotland or who had a large following there.
Scottish scientists clone identical lambs from early embryonic sheep.
Scottish scientists create molecular-scale tractor beam.
Scottish seal sounds glossy.
Some Scottish sheep are black.
Scottish sides face off in the game of the millenium.
Scottish summers are quite warm and dry while winters are cool, wet and windy with some snow.
Scottish teachers can only obtain the packs by attending an inservice course.
Scottish teachers do action research.
Scottish teachers face their public in their classes every day.
Scottish trials are based on an adversarial approach.
Scottish TV have a weekly prize draw.
Scottish weather is totally unpredictable.
Scottish weddings are a specialty.
Scottish woods resort, luxury log cabin mountain views, accommodation north carolina.
Scottish workers remain part of British-wide trade unions.
Scottsboro trial begins, exposing depth of Southern racism.
Scottsdale candidates refrain from posting campaign signs.
Scottsdale citizens are more cautious in their outlook about the economy next year.
A scoundrel is a person
Scoundrel handles custom networks through one unique entry point.
Scoundrels are clean and decent men.
Scoundrels know how the world works and they can do their evil on the good and virtuous.
Scoundrels travel out to Aboriginal communities and buy paintings for less than they are worth.
Scoundrels trick drunks into signing away apartments.
A scour is a place
Scour isa place.
Scours are animal diseases.
Scours are gouges or trenches plowed up by iceberg bases dragging on the bottom.
Scours causes severe production losses as well as substantial death losses.
Scours is a bacterial disease of newborn animals that causes diarrhea.
Scours is a symptom, possibly indicating the presence of harmful bacteria, viruses, and protozoa.
Scours tend to be more severe in newly established herds than inclosed herds.
Scoured fabrics are compatible with all resin systems.
Scoured fibre is dried and conventionally baled.
Scoured mohair appears smooth and white.
Scoured wool is washed in hot water with detergent to remove the impurities.
A scourge is a whip
Scourge can strike Valkyries before they have a chance to unleash their missile volleys.
Scouring are searchs.
Scout camps tend to be more rugged, with campers and counselors often living in tents outdoors.
Scout lake is closed to camping.
Scout leaders are all too often inconsiderate of other campers.
Scout leaders are always in demand.
Scout leaders are welcome.
Scout leaders can be positive role models for the members of the troop.
Scout leaders can encourage writing as a pleasurable activity.
Scout leaders hope to make up the loss by finding more corporate sponsors and major donors.
Scout leaders inquire about our rate and new patch design.
Many scout leaders are also members of the congregation, as are some of the scouts.
Scout movements are independent of governments .
Scout movements are independent of governments.
Some scout teams consist of scientists.
A scout troop is an unit
Scout troops are often in attendance and are also encouraged and welcome.
Scout troops meet weekly for most age groups.
Every scout troop has a number of forms that they use from time to time.
Scout vehicles confirm the detections and relay the information to the command post.
A scout is a watchman
Scout areas about two weeks after moth flight activity subsides and treat as needed.
Scout crops on a regular basis.
Scout fields as soon as yellow ray petals begin to appear.
Scout fields at least weekly in the spring.
Scout fields closely and be ready to apply an appropriate insecticide if necessary.
Scout fields early as the weed is most sensitive to herbicides in early stages.
Scout fields every two weeks in the fall.
Scout fields for herbicide tolerant-volunteer canola.
Scout fields for potential pest problems throughout the growing season.
Scout fields for presence of thrips and spray when infestations occur.
Scout fields for the first occurrence of virus disease.
Scout fields for winter annual weeds in the fall.
Scout fields in late fall or early spring to determine if populations warrant treatment.
Scout fields in the early morning or late afternoon.
Scout fields now and get combines set up to remove as many infected kernels as possible.
Scout fields on a weekly basic to determine the percentage of leaves with pinhole feeding.
Scout fields regularly and control escaping weeds as needed.
Scout fields regularly and identify weeds present.
Scout fields regularly and identify weeds that escape herbicide treatments.
Scout fields regularly and monitor for corn leaf aphid, corn rootworm beetles, and Japanese beetles.
Scout fields regularly and record the types and locations of weeds present.
Scout fields regularly concentrating in areas that remain wet for extended time periods.
Scout fields regularly for insect damage.
Scout fields regularly for potential pest problems.
Scout fields regularly for potential pests.
Scout fields regularly for weeds .
Scout fields regularly, identify weeds and respond quickly.
Scout fields regularly.
Scout fields separately according to hybrid, tillage and rotation history, and planting date.
Scout fields to identify hot spots and other courses of disease.
Scout fields to identify pests, their population levels, and extent of damage.
Scout fields weekly beginning at transplanting or before first bloom.
Scout fields weekly beginning at transplanting or before firstbloom.
Scout fields weekly for symptoms of the disease.
Scout fields weekly in spring to determine the extent of disease development.
Scout hears snippets of conversation and pieces together information to narrate the story.
Scout installs and configures software that is compatible with the campus network.
Scout landscapes now for scale - particularly on Euonymus varieties.
Scout lays four eggs in nest box.
Scout learns several other lessons.
Scout locations for events.
Scout loves people, children, and cats.
Scout owners with body lifts usually have more of an angle than stock.
Scout pictures for download.
Scout plants as above, look for feeding damage on the leaves and in the developing tassels.
Scout plants in early spring.
Scout plants weekly to detect disease in early stages.
Scout sash with earned merit badges.
Scout stamps from around the world.
Scouts actually hope they see a prospect make a mistake in a game situation.
Scouts also have to advance one merit badge every two months.
Scouts also learn about safety gear, saddles and bridles.
Scouts also like size and determination to continue improving.
Scouts also like smooth arm motion and maturity on mound.
Scouts also notice whether a player works hard, hustles, enjoys playing, etc.
Scouts also provide guidance in preparing for entering college athletic programs.
Scouts also sell lawn fertilizer in the fall.
Scouts also serve as librarian, quartermaster, chaplain, and webmaster.
Scouts also take notes on how players hit, field, run and throw.
Scouts are a great thing.
Scouts are a lot like writers in that they go out looking for the gold.
Scouts are action-oriented.
Scouts are active in the Cedar Valley.
Scouts are also adventurous.
Scouts are also an excellent resource against bombers.
Scouts are also superb trackers and foragers, though most never learn much of the ways of beasts.
Scouts are also the only ships that can explore new systems.
Scouts are also very very useful in other more subtle ways.
Scouts are battery-operated, cylindrical machines weighing only a few ounces.
Scouts are clubs.
Scouts are conservative by nature.
Scouts are easy to take out as they only take one to two good hits to kill.
Scouts are experts.
Scouts are fast single-seaters armed with rockets.
Scouts are female children.
Scouts are free to choose a patrol once they have earned Tenderfoot.
Scouts are from eleven to fourteen years old, usually in grade six, seven, eight, or nine.
Scouts are great.
Scouts are interesting. .
Scouts are male children.
Scouts are more for players interested in speed and subterfuge.
Scouts are nifty.
Scouts are organisation.
Scouts are people.
Scouts are politely skeptical.
Scouts are really fast and nearly indispensable in the early stages of the game.
Scouts are recruiters.
Scouts are respectful and polite to all.
Scouts are responsible for keeping their calendar up to date.
Scouts are responsible for their own gear.
Scouts are sure that every field problem and condition is found and that none are missed.
Scouts are that way.
Scouts are there.
Scouts are usually joiners, involved in more than one activity.
Scouts are very useful towards the end of the game, once the board is more clear.
Scouts are welcome.
Scouts are wicked.
Scouts are workers.
Scouts assist youth in games an other activities.
Scouts attend a variety of schools and churches in the area.
Scouts attend games and practices to watch potential draftees play.
Scouts attend meetings regularly.
Scouts attending the campfire, please take note.
Scouts await their turn for the radio contact.
Scouts call all the time.
Scouts can accomplish much here if they give a couple hours a day.
Scouts can also put salt on the road of life.
Scouts can also take a crack at being a DJ on a live broadcast.
Scouts can always deposit additional money into their account.
Scouts can attend for one, two, or three weeks.
Scouts can be one of the most useful ships in the game.
Scouts can choose the week they prefer, or both.
Scouts can construct the cook ring from any stiff wire.
Scouts can earn merit badges here, too.
Scouts can earn patches by hiking the trails or conducting a service project.
Scouts can earn their badge.
Scouts can enjoy a wide variety of activities including shotgun, cycling, and small-boat sailing.
Scouts can equip repair guns.
Scouts can even take steps toward completing science badge requirements.
Scouts can experience a full day of excitement while learning about America s space program.
Scouts can fish for black crappie, red breast, bass and catfish.
Scouts can fish for spot, flounder, sheepshead and striped bass.
Scouts can gain a wide range of badges and awards.
Scouts can input or access data from the road.
Scouts can make mistakes.
Scouts can now write detailed reports on teams as well.
Scouts can see and evaluate many kids at such camps, but they are hard to set up and run.
Scouts can sign up as a den or individually.
Scouts can sign up at the radio station and receive training before going on the air.
Scouts can spend the night sleeping on boats in a relatively safe environment and location.
Scouts can take the badges shown below, but also can come for free swim and for troop swim times.
Scouts can use the barrels as jousting pedestals.
Scouts can use the stylus pen to write notes on the machine.
Scouts can work towards a merit badge.
Scouts check the traps every two weeks.
Scouts choose their hours and neighborhoods.
Scouts collect pledges on the number of pins bowled, then collect the money pledged after bowling.
Scouts do at least one charitable act a day.
Scouts do that.
Scouts earn medals.
Scouts enjoy a pizza dinner and an introduction to nocturnal neighbors.
Scouts enjoy the silliness and fun songs that staff share during the meal experience.
Scouts enjoy varied activities including weekend outings, summer camps, and service projects.
Scouts estimate the height of a hill.
Scouts evaluate the skills of both amateur and professional athletes.
Scouts find an exceptional location with atmosphere to suit the action.
Scouts get tips on how to serve on a staff.
Scouts get to hear and talk to people from all over the world on ham radio.
Scouts get to play games and have fun while the dens are inspected.
Scouts go camping and learn all sorts of tips and tricks.
Scouts go out to recce new homes then recruit others to the site.
Scouts go to high schools and other college games to examine the potential talent pool.
Scouts go to the various stations and earn points if they are able to perform a skill.
Scouts go with the internet like peanut butter goes with jelly.
Scouts guide themselves through the exhibits, aided only by a map and a set of clues.
Scouts haunt game rooms, visit tournaments, watch the rankings and gossip with league personnel.
Scouts have a penalty in weapons and shields for the advantage of a substantial gain in range.
Scouts have a way of attracting ghosts.
Scouts have a winning identity.
Scouts have great visual range and can help on the command screen.
Scouts have the chance to earn money to apply towards the costs of events.
Scouts have the option of establishing an individual account.
Scouts have to find leaders and obtain password.
Scouts help each other, regardless of the differences in status or social class.
Scouts here are boys and girls between the ages of six and sixteen.
Scouts incog .
Scouts join Scouting to do Scouting things.
Scouts lead the Pledge of Allegiance.
Scouts learn about navigation at sea.
Scouts learn best from example.
Scouts learn by doing, and what they do is lead their patrols and their troop .
Scouts learn creativity, fairness, generosity, the joy of achievement and the value of hard work.
Scouts learn from what they see more than what they hear.
Scouts learn leadership, teamwork, self-esteem and service to others.
Scouts learn lessons about life, and the value of being a person of character and integrity.
Scouts learn the consequences of their actions and the moral worth of teamwork.
Scouts learn to live the borders of the mundane and the normal.
Scouts learn to work together through fund raisers and service projects.
Scouts learn tough love early.
Scouts leave the colony and search until they find a food source.
Scouts like to monkey around.
Scouts like to watch practice so they can read a player' s body language.
Scouts look at the score sheets.
Scouts look for raw talent.
Scouts love every player they take on draft day.
Scouts make and take home a bench hook.
Scouts make contact with an enemy force.
Scouts meet in a group called a troop.
Scouts naturally become attached to outstanding players in their area.
Scouts now find their catchers where they can.
Scouts occasionally tend the cemetery, and place white crosses on the graves.
Scouts participate in a number of service and fellowship activities.
Scouts participate in a range of activities, including retreats and camping trips.
Scouts participate in opening ceremonies.
Scouts participate in the parade.
Scouts participating in fund raisers earn money in their scout accounts.
Scouts place themselves strategically in their quadrant to protect their assigned leader.
Scouts point to two things.
Scouts promise fame and money.
Scouts read a map.
Scouts receive their approved blue cards in the mail and their merit badge through their own troop.
Scouts receive their merit badges and ranks.
Scouts reconnoiter terrain to determine movement and maneuver conditions.
Scouts regularly die from diseases such as Malaria.
Scouts require support from home to succeed in the program.
Scouts say it.
Scouts scour the playgrounds of America looking for preteen talent.
Scouts search for five tools.
Scouts seek individual achievement in specific areas of interest pursued outside of meeting times.
Scouts seem to report back on the double.
Scouts sell both packages of microwavable and regular popping corn.
Scouts serve as official timers and observe players during position drills.
Scouts serve their country in wartime, too.
Scouts sign up individually for morning merit badges classes and activities.
Scouts simply canvass a neighborhood, hanging the bags on doors - no door knocking is necessary.
Scouts sit on chairs evenly distributed around the walls of the hall.
Scouts sleep on cots.
Scouts spend their time outdoors , whenever possible .
Scouts spend their time outdoors, whenever possible.
Scouts start talking, goofing off.
Scouts still pursue traditional badges, such as first aid and archery.
Scouts take in many of the historical and cultural sites as well as enjoying the natural wonders.
Scouts talk about prospects in terms of tools.
Scouts talk about tools.
Scouts target specific insects and select search techniques accordingly.
Scouts teach the value of teamwork and recognizes individual achievement.
Scouts test their skills and have fun in competitions related to the theme for the summer.
Scouts think that they have to prepare it like a pie.
Scouts travel through a series of tires suspended at different levels from stout rope.
Scouts travel up and down back alleys, and local residents donate bottles and cans.
Scouts visit a helicopter and officers as a part of our military showcase.
Scouts wait at the finish line.
Scouts watch film too.
Scouts wear a full uniform .
Scouts win big.
Scouts work at a real forge, shoot black powder rifles.
Scouts work in patrols requiring cooperation, team work and organization.
Scouts work in patrols requiring cooperation, team work, and organization.
Scouts work on advancement on the second and fourth meeting of every month.
Scouts work on exhibit-related badge requirements during the evening.
Scouts work on requirements with their families.
Scouts work together as a patrol in activities and competitions, and to overcome challenges.
Scouts work towards earning a badge or credits while getting close to nature.
Scouts work with others in the community to achieve mutual objectives.
Scouts work with polar researchers in a variety of settings.
Scouts always support what is right and good.
Scouts usually earn between three and six merit badges in a week at camp.
All scouts are eligible.
All scouts are welcome to any home athletic event.
All scouts strive to reach the coveted rank of eagle.
Every scout has a responsibility within the patrol.
Every scout is an optimist.
Every scout rates every player.
More scouts make for better outings.
Most scouts agree.
Most scouts arrive for batting practice.
Most scouts use hand counters or a note pad to keep track of the counts.
Some scouts are behind on their dues.
Some scouts believe so.
Some scouts decide to get a degree in business, marketing, sales, or sports management.
Some scouts see that, some scouts downplay that.
A scouter is a Boy Scout
Scouters are interested in a lot of different things.
Scouters tend to think of the outdoors in very narrow terms.
Scouting rapids is routine, and led by the trip guide.
Scoutings are reconnaissance.
A scoutmaster is a leader
Scoutmasters are leaders.
Scoutmasters are teachers, and Scouting is a classroom.
Scoutmasters are welcome to join.
Scoutmasters inevitably serve as role models as well as leaders of their troops.
A scow is a barge
Scows are for dredging only.
Many Scrabble players are reluctant to exercise their right to discard unwanted letters.
Scrabble rules apply to word choice.
Scrabble Rules Apply.
Scrabble allows customized dictionaries to be incorporated, as well.
Scrabble is a drawing
Scramble bands do use traditional instrumentation for their music, trumpets, drums, saxes etc.
Scramble nets are available with a variety of fixing methods.
A scramble is a struggle
Scrambles are popular with soloists too.
Scrambles are struggles.
Scrambles are video games.
Scrambles promote camaraderie in the foursome and produce low scores.
Scrambles transmit data stream.
A scrambler is a mover
Scramblers usually rotate in different directions.
Scrap book is quite interesting.
Scrap dealers deploy some of their top talent in the buying and selling operations.
Some scrap dealers refuse all refrigeration equipment.
A scrap iron is an iron
A scrap iron is scrap metal
Scrap iron is ferrous material, and it is plentiful.
Scrap metal becomes original wall clocks and garden art.
Scrap metal has no use there, it is used in steel furnaces and reclamation plants.
Scrap metal is collected from various locations around campus.
Scrap metal is collected in lug boxes located at five major generation sites around campus.
Scrap metal is delivered to a scrap processor five miles from campus.
Scrap metal is free if separated.
Scrap metal is industrial waste.
Scrap metal is metal.
Scrap metal is money.
Scrap metal is recyclable, too.
Scrap metal is recycled into products such as appliances, automobile parts and containers.
Scrap metal is recycled.
Scrap metal is released, crashing onto the watchman.
Scrap metal is rubbish
Scrap metal is stored on open concrete areas and in covered buildings.
Scrap metal refers to ferrous metal only.
Scrap metal serves as an instrument of decapitation.
Some scrap metal constructs at the old Albany landfill.
Scrap paper comes from both commercial and residential sources.
Scrap paper is also available in the library office or at the main entrance.
Scrap paper is also freely available to take notes.
Scrap paper is good too.
Scrap paper is located in desks.
Scrap paper is provided.
Scrap paper is used to print fax messages and to make message pads.
Scrap paper works well for phone messages or routing slips.
Scrap steel is one of the necessary raw materials needed in the manufacture of steel.
Scrap tires are under serious study as the new and best alternative energy source available.
Scrap tires continue to be the poorest commodity on the recycling market.
Scrap tires create serious health hazards, such as mosquito infestations and fires.
Scrap tires do a good job of holding stagnant rainwater in a protective environment.
Scrap tires hold stagnant rainwater in a protective environment.
Scrap tires make excellent breeding grounds.
Scrap tires present a unique environmental and public health challenge.
Scrap tires present a unique environmental challenge.
Some scrap yards accept asbestos free heating systems.
Scrap checks out the young female rabbit from a different angle.
Scrap is a fragment
Scrap is irons.
Scrap is old steel from cans, cars, appliances, construction materials, and other steel products.
Scrap is pieces.
Scrap is recycled with no detrimental effect on performance or appearance.
Scrap is up.
Scrap isa fragment.
Scrap knows the scrap business.
Scrap Link All frames version of just about every scrapbook link.
Scrap resulting from machining often weighs more than the finished work.
Scrap wastes labor and materials.
Scraps are cut-out remnants of the hide.
Scraps are, however, colorful and textured.
Scraps help make the dog's diet more complete.
Scraps make great tarps that last for years.
Any scrap is collected and put back into the vat to create another beam.
Most scrap arrives by truck from urban areas in Texas.
Most scrap comes from photographic materials, jewelry, and silverware.
Some scraps travel full-circle.
A scrapbook is an album
Scrapbook contains all past features.
Scrapbooks are a great way for families to come together and to reflect on children's schoolwork.
Scrapbooks are albums.
Scrapbooks are an easy way to get even the most reluctant of writers to do journaling.
Scrapbooks are books.
Scrapbooks are common.
Scrapbooks are great for certificates, awards, and ribbons.
Scrapbooks are necessary.
Scrapbooks are works in progress.
Scrapbooks can provide creative documentation of the chapter.
Scrapbooks contain drawings, photographs, and clippings.
Scrapbooks contain news clippings, articles, and family genealogy.
Scrapbooks contain newspaper clippings on various Auxiliary activities.
Scrapbooks contain newspaper clippings, programs, and photographs of activities.
Scrapbooks contain obituaries, poems and articles cut out of magazines.
Scrapbooks contain photos, records, and memorabilia collected and compiled by alumni.
Scrapbooks document the fantastic outreach of students in their school districts and communities.
Scrapbooks look more sophisticated now, thanks to special tools.
Scrapbooks offer unique glimpses into a subject, or into the interests of a compiler.
Scrapbooks regarding Salt Lake City theater activities, ca.
All scrapbooks are originals, unless otherwise noted.
Some scrapbooks also contain athletes' statistics and records.
Scrape alleys once a day, or certainly no less than three times a week.
Scrape batter into buttered pan.
Scrape batter into cake pan and spread top smooth.
Scrape batter into pan and spread evenly.
Scrape batter into pan.
Scrape batter into prepared cake pan, and smooth the top.
Scrape batter into prepared pan and level top if necessary.
Scrape batter into prepared pan and place on centre rack in preheated oven.
Scrape batter into prepared pan and smooth gently.
Scrape batter into prepared pan and smooth the surface.
Scrape batter into prepared pan and smooth top.
Scrape batter into prepared pan, smoothing surface with spatula.
Scrape batter into prepared pan, spreading evenly.
Scrape batter into prepared pan.
Scrape batter into prepared pans, filling about halfway, and smooth with a spatula.
Scrape batter into the pan and spread evenly.
Scrape batter into the prepared pan.
Scrape batter onto well floured surface and knead lightly.
Scrape batter out into a mixing bowl.
Scrape bowl again and fold in baking powder and vanilla.
Scrape bowl at least once.
Scrape bowl constantly.
Scrape bowl each time.
Scrape bowl frequently.
Scrape bowl occasionally with rubber spatula.
Scrape bowl occasionally.
Scrape bowl to get all the flour mixed in with the eggs.
Scrape bowl well.
Scrape bowl with rubber spatula.
Scrape butter off top for future use.
Scrape chalky and flaking paint with sandpaper, wire brushes, or scrappers.
Scrape chocolate with a vegetable peeler to get curls.
Scrape dirt away from the root ball of the plant or shrub with a shovel or trowel.
Scrape dishes off.
Scrape dough out onto well floured board Handle it with floured hands while shaping into a long log.
Scrape feed area regularly.
Scrape is bows.
Scrape is noise
Scrape is noise.
Scrape juice out of corn cob into the corn.
Scrape juice out of corncob into the corn.
Scrape paint containers with a spatula to make sure they are completely empty.
Scrape paint over the crayon rubbing to seal the colors.
Scrape pan so nothing sticks.
Scrape pan thoroughly and mash mixture with mortar and pestle.
Scrape particles into food debris bags.
Scrape paste into small bowl.
Scrape puree into a bowl and stir in the sugar.
Scrape puree into small bowl and set aside.
Scrape residue using wet method.
Scrape round the edges of the bucket to remove any lingering lumps.
Scrape sauce from meat and add to broth.
Scrape sauce from meat into pan.
Scrape scraps into the trashcans.
Scrape seeds out from the inside.
Scrape seeds out of vanilla bean.
Scrape shells clean and chill.
Scrape shells clean with spoon.
Scrape sides occasionally.
Scrape sides with a rubber spatula as needed.
Scrape smooth any sharp edges which have been rounded by the heat.
Scrape soil from inside the hole to form a small bump or hill.
Scrape squash from rind.
Scrape stingers the skin with a blunt instrument or plastic card.
Scrape stripper off a large flat surface with a metal or plastic putty knife.
Scrape surface to remove any lumps and broom or blow off all loose matter.
Scrape topsoil before grading or excavating and reuse it for planting.
Scrapes also are signposts made by bucks.
Scrapes are a source of advertising within the whitetail world.
Scrapes are built by many plovers, terns, skimmers, and penguins.
Scrapes are circular, pawed areas on the ground made during fall and winter.
Scrapes are complex signposts that attract all deer.
Scrapes are typically deeper, represent greater damage, and often involve cutting the paint.
Scrapes are usually painful due to the exposure of nerve endings located just under the skin.
Scrapes can be painful after the injury.
Scrapes mark territory and tell other males to keep out.
Scrapes residue from screens with hand rake.
Scrapes serve much the same function between bucks.
Scrapes serve much the same function to deer as a fire hydrant or mail box does in the dog world.
Scrapes Use warm water and mild soap to gently clean scrapped skin.
All scrapes have an over hanging branch that has been broken off.
Most scrapes are circular or oval areas, two to three feet in diameter.
Scraped material is hauled out and disposed of in approved facilities.
A scraper is a hand tool
Scraper is made of forged steel for rugged service and has a comfort-grip handle.
Scraper isa tool.
Scrapers are expensive, too, but have the potential to allow for the collection of fairly dry waste.
Scrapers are hand tools.
Scrapers are most abundant in sunlit sections of the streams.
Scrapers are much stiffer.
Scrapers are optional for both the staggered and opposed disk bedder configurations.
Scrapers are standard equipment on both front and rear disc gangs.
Scrapers are standard on all models.
Scrapers collect more solid matter and any grease remaining at the top of the water.
Scrapers have (part) handles.
Scrapers have (part) sections.
Scrapers predominate, followed by points, borers, handaxes, etc.
Scrapers remove topsoil and redistribute it on the area being reclaimed.
A scrapie is an animal disease
Scrapies is a fairly common sheep variant of the disease in existance for ages.
Scrapings is fragments.
A scrapper is a person
Scrapper lets it linger there.
Scrapper snorts back at Snarl.
Scrapper takes a few experimental steps with it.
Scrappers are heroes.
Many scrappers bring completed albums to share.
Some scrappers impress only stamp outlines then use pencils to fill in the details.
Scrappy competitor seems to peak for Texas tournaments.
Scrappy pol plays hard to get.
Scrapyard cranes pick up bits of metal junk by switching the magnet on.
Every scratch card is an instant winner with great discounts and free merchandise.
Scratch cooking is in decline.
Scratch disk is available for large temporary storage.
Scratch disks are available from the lab assistant.
Scratch disks are the next level down from home disks in priority.
Scratch golfers know about humility.
A scratch pad is a notepad
Scratch pads are available for no charge.
Scratch paper is a notepad
Scratch paper is given to candidates only on request.
Scratch paper is often an effective tool in finding the correct answer.
Scratch paper is provided at the testing site.
Scratch paper is provided by the lab.
Scratch paper is provided.
Scratch paper is really useful, as is a copy of the worksheet or whatever.
Scratch paper is supplied on test day.
All scratch paper is collected and destroyed by testing center personnel at the end of the exam.
Scratch resistance is good.
A scratch sheet is a tip sheet
Scratch sheets are available upon request.
Scratch space is available.
Scratch work is messy and so can be confusing.
Scratch work is to be done in the test booklet.
Scratch is available to all users.
Scratch is better.
Scratch isa shape.
Scratch isa wound.
Scratch looks pensive.
Scratch runs away and the kids are sad.
Scratch spends a little too much time under the open sky without sunscreen.
Scratches also show very easily.
Scratches are another story.
Scratches are cool.
Scratches are least noticeable when they run with the grain of a wood.
Scratches are much worse with servals.
Scratches are nearly impossible to remedy.
Scratches are permanent.
Scratches are to be made at the field event by the athlete.
Scratches are visible over the entire surface.
Scratches arid deep cuts proliferate.
Scratches can also occur in the platter ring.
Scratches can be bloody and bites can be severe.
Scratches can be expensive.
Scratches can block or reflect the laser beam from the intended path, making the disc unreadable.
Scratches cause early failure.
Scratches cause problems.
Scratches cause the laser in the read head to refract, causing a read failure.
Scratches don t make too much difference since the material is the same color throughout the slat.
Scratches don t mar screenings after the second week.
Scratches impair vision and can weaken lenses.
Scratches make the denture more susceptible to collecting debris, plaque and stain.
Scratches Scratches on a print running parallel to the edge of the strip of film.
Scratches send shivers of fear throughout the most stoic of horsemen.
Scratches stubbly chin.
Scratchs are blemishs.
Scratchs are handicaps.
Scratchs are motivated by the goal of itch.
Scratchs are programming language.
Scratchs are rivals.
Scratches usually appear as marks which extend around the circumference of the barrel.
Scratched records sound terrible .
A scratcher is a device
Scratchers There are lots of games to play and lots of money to win.
Scratchies feature multiple ways to win prizes.
A scratching is noise
Scratching also can aid the spread of lice.
Scratching also dislodges the eggs providing a potential source of infection to sibling and parents.
Scratching also results in premature shedding of patches of winter coat.
Scratching also serves as a territorial marker.
Scratching can actually trigger eczematous rashes.
Scratching can become a habit, as can licking the feet.
Scratching can break the skin open and increase the chance of infection.
Scratching can break the skin.
Scratching can cause bacteria to enter the bloodstream, so treat itching aggressively.
Scratching can cause bleeding and infection of open sores.
Scratching can cause crusting and scaling on the scalp.
Scratching can cause damage to the skin.
Scratching can cause further trauma to the lesion and spread spores.
Scratching can cause more irritation and can spread the infection.
Scratching can cause more irritation and spread the infection.
Scratching can cause secondary infection of the scabs.
Scratching can cause the rash to become infected and can cause scarring.
Scratching can create wounds, and the skin can become thick and dark, with marked folds, over time.
Scratching can further irritate the skin and lead to infection.
Scratching can lead to bacterial or further fungal infection of the lesions.
Scratching can lead to secondary infection.
Scratching can lead to secondary infections when bacteria are scratched into the skin.
Scratching can lead to secondary infections, leaving children feeling achy, feverish, or lethargic.
Scratching can lead to secondary infections.
Scratching can lead to skin sores and infection.
Scratching can lead to skin sores and skin infections.
Scratching can make the itching worse, and applying heat brings relief.
Scratching can prolong the healing for several weeks.
Scratching can result in reinfestation with mites from the paw or tail.
Scratching can severely damage an animal's skin, causing hot spots.
Scratching can spread the infection as well and leave the blistered area open to other infections.
Scratching can spread the lice to other parts of the body.
Scratching can spread the rash and cause infection.
Scratching causes bleeding and secondary infection.
Scratching causes breaks in the skin allowing the bacteria to get in and upset the skin.
Scratching causes further irritation, injures the skin, and increases itchiness.
Scratching causes the reddish area to spread rapidly.
Scratching cleans the nails up, removing the scaling outer shell.
Scratching gives temporary relief, but the itch invariably returns.
Scratching has a soothing, comforting effect that creates a tranquil disposition.
Scratching helps relieve kitty tension and provides necessary daily exercise.
Scratching increases the scaling.
Scratching is a behaviour very natural to cats.
Scratching Is a controversial issue for cat owners.
Scratching is a natural behavior for cats and can be directed to appropriate items.
Scratching is a natural behavior for felines.
Scratching is a natural behavior necessary to remove old claw coverings.
Scratching is a natural behavior.
Scratching is a natural behaviour for cats.
Scratching is a natural, and needed function of cats.
Scratching is a natural, normal instinct that shouldn t be disregarded.
Scratching is a normal characteristic of a healthy car.
Scratching is a normal characteristic of a healthy cat.
Scratching is a normal exercise for cats.
Scratching is a perfectly normal feline behavior.
Scratching is a real problem.
Scratching is a way for cats to maintain their claws.
Scratching is acceptable on the various scratching posts in the home.
Scratching is also a way of keeping their claws healthy and sharp.
Scratching is also necessary to help eliminate the clear sheath that covers the claws.
Scratching is an important behavior for a cat.
Scratching is discouraged and the fingernails kept short to limit excoriation.
Scratching is done in a similar manner.
Scratching is modulated at the corticothalamic center and is a spinal reflex.
Scratching is more apt to prompt titters than tears from friends and even doctors.
Scratching is natural behavior for cats.
Scratching is natural for cats, but it can be both annoying and destructive.
Scratching is natural to cats.
Scratching is one behaviour that causes many cat owners some grief.
Scratching is one of the definitive feline behaviors.
Scratching is one way of marking territory.
Scratching is the very essence of a cat being a cat.
Scratching is very strong, it can result in bacterial infection.
Scratching keeps their nails in healthy, tip-top shape.
Scratching leads to infection, and the blisters can leave scars.
Scratching leads to skin changes with thickening and an eczematoid appearance.
Scratching leads to skin infection.
Scratching makes the condition worse by releasing more and more cytokines and antibodies.
Scratching makes the symptoms worse.
Scratching plays an important role in the development of cutaneous lesions in atopic dermatitis.
Scratching seems irresistible, but disrupts and irritates the skin.
Scratching seems like a very odd way to get crystals to form, but it works.
Scratching seems to make the itching worse.
Scratching spreads the infection and more growths begin to appear elsewhere on the body.
Scratchings are clawings.
Scratching often causes sores and blisters.
Scratching often leads to secondary bacterial infections.
Scratching often results in excoriation of the lesions and secondary infection.
A scratchpad is memory
Scratchpads are a place to write in descriptions, or to do computations.
Some scratchy blankets cover back seats.
Some scratchy blankets cover seats.
A scream is a cry
Screams are artwork.
Screams are cries.
Screams are films.
Screams are roller coasters.
Screams come from another country.
Screams coming across the hall are one thing.
Screams die down.
Screams echo off the barrack walls.
A screamer is a hit
Screamer also makes a more fun, if less functional, line of headgear.
Screamer consists of two levels.
Screamer is an extension of Common Lisp that adds support for nondeterministic programming.
Screamers are birds.
Screamers are headlines.
Screamers are just one more example of that.
Screamers are waterfowls.
Screamers go munch munch, but the message gets through.
Screamers is a masterpiece.
Screamers Live free nude celeb pictures offering phone sex fantasies.
Screamers oozes atmosphere.
A screech owl is an owl
Screech owls are birds.
Screech owls are cavity nesters, often utilizing the same cavity for several years.
Screech owls are owls.
Screech owls are primarily solitary birds except during breeding season.
Screech owls are probably the most common owls in North America.
Screech owls are relatively small owls that adapt well to small forests.
Screech owls are very interesting.
Screech owls begin nesting in late winter.
Screech owls eat mostly large insects.
Screech owls feed mainly on insects, mice and other small rodents.
Screech owls feed on a variety of prey.
Screech owls have a variety of vocalizations, each with a purpose.
Screech owls make their lowey calls into the night.
Screech owls prefer abandoned woodpecker holes at the edge of a field or neglected orchard.
Most Screech owls have from four to six young.
A screech is noise
Screech stands shakily.
Screech walks south into the garden.
Screeching isa noise.
Screen brightness cans have impact.
Screen bugs happen due to the screen centering.
Screen capture is generally the best method when available.
Screen captures appear in black boxes to aid the description.
Screen captures are available to preview the displays before downloading.
Screen captures are easy for laymen to generate.
Screen captures are great fun to work with.
Screen captures are useful for illustrating computer processes - showing menus and buttons.
Screen captures help explain many concepts.
All screen captures used are the property of said production companies.
Screen culture is a world of constant flux, of endless sound bites, quick cuts and half-baked ideas.
A screen door is a door
Screen door is standard.
Screen doors are a cost-effective way to help cut cooling expenses.
Screen doors are doors.
Screen doors can also be a problem.
Screen doors filter breezes off the lake.
Screen dumps are available for viewing.
Screen dumps are especially useful in reviews.
Screen dumps are fine to show user interface characteristics.
Screen filter helps reduce contaminants.
Screen filters are best for sand and grit type material.
Screen filters are excellent for removing hard particulates from water, such as sand.
Screen filters are generally the least expensive.
Screen filters can virtually eliminate glare without loss of color intensity or brightness.
Screen filters come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
A screen font is a case
Screen font is used for examples of information that is displayed on the screen.
Screen fonts are fonts.
Screen fonts are incredibly complex to make well.
Screen fonts are models for the letters seen on the screen.
Screen fonts show a true representation of the type on a computer screen.
Screen fonts show true representation of the type on a computer screen.
Screen glare is another problem when rooms have windows and inadequate window coverings.
Screen glare is caused by both natural and artificial lighting reflecting off the screen surface.
Screen glare tends to obscure some of the details of the photos posted.
Some screen grabs are still available and interesting to look at.
Most screen mates are funny little cartoon characters.
Screen mode is used for highlighting, and making the layer appear lighter.
Screen mode takes the base color and adds light to it.
Screen name is kyles-mom.
Screen names Choose a screen name that's in good taste.
Screen names play an important role when looking for an adequate chat partner.
Screen names serve as aliases.
A screen pass is an aerial
Screen passes are the safest bet, as are wide receiver crossing patters over the middle.
Screen porch is on the left.
Screen print is distressed style.
Screen prints provide users with hard-copy output.
Screen printers represent a multibillion-dollar industry, according to the association.
Every screen printer knows that the printing operation is just part of the whole production process.
Screen printing can be costly for small runs.
Screen printing can have a hard edged quality caused by the crisp edges of the stencil.
Screen printing involves stretching a porous mesh material over a frame to form a screen.
Screen printing is a versatile and relatively cheap method of creating designs on suitable garments.
Screen printing is also available.
Screen printing is another one of our main areas of specialization.
Screen printing is especially economical for one color decoration and small runs.
Screen printing is ideal for events including teams, work, family, etc.
Screen printing is ideal for large events and group activities.
Screen printing is like ski jumping.
Screen printing is low in initial cost and offers versatility of decorating effects.
Screen printing is progressed by a team of students making a multicolor screen print.
Screen printing is the fifth of all the processes.
Screen printing is the ideal process for producing items for clubs and groups.
Screen printing is the most adaptable and versatile printing medium.
Screen printing makes it possible to print on the substrates with various shapes and sizes.
Screen printing offers creative opportunities never before available to the artist.
Screen printing offers superior chemical and mechanical resistance, as well.
Screen printing requires some overlap of adjoining images.
Screen readers allow users to hear text on the computer monitor through speech output.
Screen readers are for people who are blind.
Screen readers are incapable of understanding images, sound files or color.
Screen readers are programs that audibly read the text on the screen.
Screen readers are software programs which convert the text on the screen to synthesized speech.
Screen readers are the programs which blind people use to view the screen.
Screen readers are unable to know in advance the pronunciation of all words.
Screen readers are unable to read moving text.
Screen readers are voice synthesis systems that convert words on the screen into audio output.
Screen readers can and do read the alt text.
Screen readers can be one way to provide that input.
Screen readers can work with many types of programs.
Screen readers get their information from text and html tags on a web page.
Screen readers go beyond browsers.
Screen readers have an option to jump from link to link within a given document.
Screen readers have difficulty with framesets.
Screen readers have the ability to jump between hyperlinks.
Screen readers highlight words as they are read by the computer.
Screen readers ignore all bit-map text.
Screen readers ignore bit-map text.
Screen readers make it easier to navigate documents that are highly structured.
Screen readers pause when they detect periods, question marks, and exclamation points.
Screen readers present aurally, information which is visually presented on the computer screen.
Screen readers rely on the field help to tell users about the edit field.
Screen readers require a whole new mindset in respect to using tables for presenting content.
Screen readers sound awfully funny when they are reading German text with English phonics rules.
Screen readers tend to treat each frame as a separate window.
Screen readers translate text evenly without pauses or breaks unless open space is provided.
All screen readers work in a linear fashion.
Many screen readers allow the user to listen to the links out of context.
Many screen readers have a difficult time telling the user that the horizontal line is there.
Many screen readers provide a function to list the frames on the frameset.
More screen readers have enlargers.
Most screen readers are sensitive to highlight colors.
Some screen readers allow users to select how Web links are read.
Some screen readers are sensitive to the highlight colors.
Some screen readers can only interpret client-side maps.
Some screen readers have difficulties reading tables.
Some screen readers have options that have to be turned on.
Some screen readers skip over fields which are blank.
Some screen readers work better with certain word processors.
Screen reading can cause eyestrain.
Screen reading is also a feature for people who have difficulty reading text from other programs.
Screen resolution is a major Web design issue.
Screen resolution is a measure of how much information is displayed on the screen at one time.
Screen resolution is another potential minefield.
Screen resolution is fine for internet use.
Screen resolution is fully customizable.
Screen resolution is important when viewing websites for example.
Screen resolution is measured in pixel across, pixels down, and number of colors.
Screen resolution is measured in pixels across, pixels down, and number of colors.
Screen resolution is no small Web design issue.
Screen resolution is one key factor that determines the look of a web page.
Screen resolution is really how many dots or pixels can be displayed on the screen.
Screen resolution is set too low.
Screen resolution refers to the dimensions of the pixels displayed on a monitor.
Screen resolution represents the number of pixels that are displayed on a computer screen.
Screen resolutions indicate a specific technology and are therefore fixed points on a scale.
All screen resolutions welcome.
Any screen resolution is fine, as it is totally resizable.
A screen saver is a pattern
Screen Saver Bug.
Screen saver can operate in manual slideshow mode.
Screen saver contains images and transitional effects as well as customizable options.
Screen Saver Go to the disc's main menu and select the treasure chest on the right hand side.
Screen saver is a self-extracting executable file, with an uninstall feature.
Screen saver is based on picture message format.
Screen saver is lame.
Screen Saver Play a fun educational game while protecting the screen.
Screen saver reviews.
Screen saver switch.
Screen savers are a waste of money.
Screen savers are also a tip off to an A or B personality trait.
Screen savers are also easy to send over the Internet to distant relatives.
Screen savers are an excellent feature for businesses to use to help sell their computers.
Screen savers are another major culprit.
Screen savers are completely configurable.
Screen savers are designs.
Screen savers are for PCs.
Screen savers are fun.
Screen savers are incredible markeing devices.
Screen savers are local programs.
Screen savers are now a novelty, a distraction from a boreing screen.
Screen savers are only high quality scanned pictures.
Screen savers are probably the most popular programs around.
Screen savers are really a left-over from the bygone days of yesteryear.
Screen savers are shareware with a trial period.
Screen savers are superfluous on modern monitors, they are just for fun.
Screen savers are unnecessary on color monitors anyway.
Screen savers can be interactive.
Screen savers can be password protected.
Screen savers can be very interesting and beautiful but they have some faults too.
Screen savers can consume a lot of system resources.
Screen savers can sometimes cause overrun problems by kicking in at the wrong time.
Screen savers created with our toolkits come complete with images, sounds, music, and animations.
Screen savers enhance a desk top and are popular.
Screen savers last even longer.
Screen savers offer some security in the form of passwords.
Screen savers require system resources and memory to run.
Screen savers save souls.
Screen savers submitted are the property of the developer.
All screen savers are free for download.
All screen savers are freeware or free demos with thumbnail previews and descriptions.
All screen savers can be output to .scr format with no .exe option.
All screen savers come complete with sound, are totally functional and they're totally free.
All screen savers have thumbnail previews and descriptions.
Many screen savers use mathematics to good effect.
Most screen savers are self-installing programs.
Most screen savers listed are in compressed form.
Some screen savers can degrade system performance and waste valuable PC resources.
Some screen savers come with their own directions.
Some screen savers offer another control mechanism.
Screen shot is imagery.
Screen shots abound, the FAQ section is superb and everything is very detailed.
Screen shots are also available on the web site.
Screen shots are also valuable when troubleshooting.
Screen shots are also very helpful in a description of software.
Screen Shots are available at the home site .
Screen shots are available on the main site.
Screen shots are available on the site.
Screen shots are available to preview work.
Screen shots are available.
Screen Shots are available.
Screen shots are currently available on their web site.
Screen shots are from our baseball planner but are the same for all planner programs.
Screen shots are here.
Screen shots are judicious and illuminating, rather than gratuitously space-filling.
Screen shots are now available here .
Screen shots are now available on a separate pictures page.
Screen shots are very useful.
Screen shots can also help track down bugs.
Screen shots can steal images from websites.
Screen Shots Click any of the images below for a full-size view.
Screen Shots Click the images to enlarge.
Screen Shots Click the thumbnails for larger views.
Screen Shots Click to view.
Screen shots have other uses, as well.
Screen shots provide a graphic, easy to read explanation.
Screen Shots Provide a reasonable pictorial and overview of the products.
Screen shots remain the same.
Screen Shots See how Tix widgets look like.
Screen Shots See some areas of Crossfire, as they are viewed from a character.
Screen Shots See some ingame Screen Shots of the game in action.
Screen Shots See various screen shots of the program.
All screen shots are from an early Beta version.
Some screen shots are available.
Screen size can be smaller than a page of printed material.
Screen size has nothing to do with it.
Screen size is another consideration.
Screen size is measured in pixels.
Screen size makes a big difference in the appearance of documents.
Screen size makes a big difference, too.
Screen size ranges from the smallest to the biggest around.
Screen size seems to be the other big issue.
Screen size varies according to the film's specs, so no objects are cropped out of a shot.
Screen sizes are proportionate to the theater size.
Screen sizes are small, and download times are long.
Screen sizes vary, causing a page's margins to be different from one user to the next.
Screen snapshots are available.
Screen space becomes cluttered and then runs out almost instantly.
Screen space can be expensive.
Screen space is at a premium in the schools.
Screen space is limited, and images appear in small portions of the full screen.
Screen space is limited.
Screen space is much cheaper than paper.
Screen space is precious.
Screen test is absolutely brilliant.
Screen tests are a filmed audition of part of the script.
Screen tests are auditions.
Screen tests include tests.
Screen tests show levels.
Screen tests use measurements.
Most screen tests use measurements.
Some screen tests help breast cancer.
Some screen tests help cancer.
Screen time is still screen time.
Screen walls display dragons in brilliant colors.
Screen walls provide ample protection from summer afternoon western sun exposure.
Screen wipes are also available which are also great for the keyboard and general cleaning.
A screen is a surface
Screen adds another.
Screen appears to freeze after a keystroke.
Screen attribute for cleared area.
Screen attributes such as colour are fully mappable and adjustable.
Screen becomes black.
Screen begins to fade out.
Screen blanks out.
Screen build without the new balance hiking boots.
Screen calls and take messages.
Screen calls concerning admission and referral procedures.
Screen calls for officers as needed.
Screen calls involving medical and psychiatric emergencies, including potential suicides.
Screen calls smoothly and politely.
Screen calls tactfully.
Screen calls with a cassette-tape answering machine, and save harassing messages.
Screen calls with an answering device.
Screen calls with an answering machine.
Screen calls with voice-mail or a machine if possible, or ask a colleague to screen calls.
Screen captures all produce raster images.
Screen captures from the show.
Screen captures only the active window.
Screen captures the entire computer desktop area.
Screen changes size and CD-ROM hangs.
Screen charges None.
Screen comes with most distributions.
Screen digitize the countries.
Screen displays the alphabet, pictures and keyboard.
Screen drains, and overflow pipes.
Screen dumps from a browser, if convenient.
Screen Dumps How to transfer an image from screen to a paper or an online document.
Screen ensures that no artifact is lost.
Screen Enter a X next to all that apply.
Screen Focusing screen is supplied singly and it comes with a tweezers.
Screen Generate random numbers.
Screen gets the terminal size wrong and messes up.
Screen goes black and mesmerizing displays appear on the monitor.
Screen goes black, loss of typing ability.
Screen goes black, then dazzling white, then normal as lights go on.
Screen goes black.
Screen goes blank periodically.
Screen goes blank, pinball comes up z for left flipper.
Screen goes blue, story's run.
Screen goes with the flow.
Screen habitats to keep insects off parrot food and water.
Screen has awesome visibility.
Screen has gaps designed so people can be seen.
Screen includes an informational banner that displays messages of interest to customers.
Screen Includes news and feature about films, music, and television.
Screen is a client-side object that stores the size, color, and resolution of the display screen.
Screen is a full keyboard.
Screen is a high resolution LCD with backlight.
Screen is a lightener.
Screen is a little small.
Screen is a means for keeping processes alive.
Screen is a test available to all women early in pregnancy.
Screen is a utility that allows a user to have multiple logins on one physical terminal.
Screen is a window manager for non-graphic terminals.
Screen is an academic journal in the field of film and television.
Screen is an application that is part of the default distribution of many types of Linux.
Screen is an on-screen keyboard that provides access to all keyboard and mouse functions.
Screen is back-lit and capable of spectrum, bargraph, and digital display.
Screen is below the level of the front desk and nobody can read it.
Screen is black except for narrow white horizontal band at bottom of screen.
Screen is blank.
Screen is capable of displaying Japanese, Korean or English characters.
Screen is cluttered and disorganized.
Screen is excellent very eye soothing.
Screen is hauled onto the frame and left to hang to get out the wrinkles.
Screen is housed in a one-piece steel case finished in grey as standard.
Screen is in excellent condition with no visible scratches.
Screen is lower, at a more comfortable height for reading.
Screen is more difficult to read with backlighting off.
Screen is mounted on a faux marble base.
Screen is now blank.
Screen is now resizable, and size changes are saved between invocations of the program.
Screen is one of the essential film journals for lovers of scholarly criticism.
Screen is only effective when standing behind screen.
Screen is operated with three position in-line switch which is included.
Screen is perfectly flat and very crisp.
Screen is pre-set to open and close to correct position.
Screen is real nice in daytime.
Screen is reflective.
Screen is removable from the inside to make cleaning the outside glass easier.
Screen is removable.
Screen is scanned and a digital image file is created.
Screen is shown below.
Screen is stretched and fixed to the frame.
Screen is suggested for printing sections of long lists or parts of long citations.
Screen is the largest vertebrate genetic screening project ever conducted.
Screen is the paper, keyboard is the pen and mouse on a scroll bar is the wet finger.
Screen is torn from the frame.
Screen is unrolled onto theater seats.
Screen is used to access original budgeted amount for a particular fund.
Screen is weakened from rust.
Screen isa surface.
Screen jumps after page loads .
Screen just keeps dumping blank lines.
Screen lacks contrast.
Screen locks up.
Screen looks as though notetaker has stopped typing, then a large block of text appears at one time.
Screen looks slightly different from the PC screen, but NO changes are needed to the default screen.
Screen looks very pixelated.
Screen looks very similar to the PC screen.
Screen lowers only when projector is activated .
Screen mesh bottom tray with two drain pans, one for feed and water waste and one for animal waste.
Screen now has a very large 'configure' script.
Screen now performs validation checks on the polling times.
Screen offers improved resolution for easier reading and programming.
Screen offers pictures, word banks and a full keyboard so students can enter text.
Screen offers students limitless opportunities to learn, read and write.
Screen opens in a t-shape and then displays a background of colours with circles coming and going.
Screen opens on top left position.
Screen pops up for easy viewing.
Screen porches with lake and beach views.
Screen printed signs are also a very effective option when color matching is important.
Screen printing the images on the shirts is much more economical, and consistent.
Screen printing The master is perforated with a pattern of holes.
Screen prints from a dialog box or anywhere.
Screen prints to use for instructions .
Screen pulls up from the bottom.
Screen quits automatically when there is no more window to be managed.
Screen reading software also allows students to explore and navigate the text on screen.
Screen reading software can convert the text or graphics display on a PC into verbal output.
Screen reading software is usually memory resident.
Screen reading software often ignores or stumbles across punctuation.
Screen reading software packages encounter several problems while reading web pages.
Screen reading software uses synthesized speech to read selected portions of a web page.
Screen redraws faster when the document is being scrolled.
Screen refreshes take time.
Screen remain underneath that bow because furnish lingerie stores.
Screen remains blank after power is restored.
Screen rendering is somewhat clumsy.
Screen repairs a speciality.
Screen reports by different criteria like performance objective, expense ratio and other factors.
Screen request down several yard before suggest cycle parts.
Screen requires monthly cleaning.
Screen resumes and sends appropriate correspondence acknowledging receipt of the resumes.
Screen resumes to assure job experience matches job description.
Screen rotates for right and left-handed operation.
Screen Safely removes dust, dirt and fingerprints from glass and plastic surfaces.
Screen save format under X windows.
Screen saver depicting the movie Die Hard with a Vengence.
Screen Saver Get an up-close glimpse at big cats.
Screen saver now scans entire disk for images by default.
Screen saver to play albums when PC is unattended.
Screen scaling Screen sizes can now be 'much' larger.
Screen scraping presents an interesting paradox.
Screen shots A list of available screen shot images.
Screen shots available of some programs.
Screen Shots Back to the main page .
Screen shots Current release, sources and binaries.
Screen shots from a future case are available below.
Screen Shots hard to find.
Screen shots on-line.
Screen shots Take a look at the actual visuals from the production.
Screen Shots the screen shots are the German ones.
Screen shots Two screen shots.
Screen Shots with explanations of the features in the members area. .
Screen shots with logs and also conference organizers website .
Screen shows complete words and phrases for constructing sentences.
Screen shows song, artist, title, time, clock, and album jackets.
Screen sizes differing both in pixels and aspect ratio.
Screen stays black.
Screen stops automatically.
Screen surrounds for the operating half of the window are available in five standard colors.
Screen switches from horizontal to vertical orientation with the press of a button.
Screen testing a bridge are one thing, but makeup testing a bridge is a real pain.
Screen times out too fast.
Screen viewing angle is adjustable.
Screen views front of mat even though cutting from the back.
Screen weigh Million until none content upon several explanation.
Screen Works the opposite way of Multiply.
Screens adjust to increased size with minimal distortion and capture was a breeze.
Screens allow the funds to enter information via PCs.
Screens also display available function keys.
Screens appear on the client side as a table.
Screens are a bit complex for inexperienced users.
Screens are a good example.
Screens are a start.
Screens are a very important part of production.
Screens are about two feet high and reach across the width of the spillway.
Screens are also available in white.
Screens are also available separately.
Screens are an important consideration.
Screens are available in any type or variety.
Screens are available to avoid distraction.
Screens are backlit and usually about the size of a large paperback book.
Screens are backlit and usually about the size of a paperback book.
Screens are bigger and better.
Screens are busy with ads and service announcements.
Screens are clear and bold in their presentation.
Screens are clear and uncluttered, and learners can move easily through the activities in any order.
Screens are clear, well-organised and readily identified.
Screens are cluttered OR bare.
Screens are covering.
Screens are custom designed to display a specific building's lighting control system.
Screens are difficult to navigate, but some buttons and navigational tools work.
Screens are difficult to navigate.
Screens are displays.
Screens are easy to read and well-designed.
Screens are either stark or cluttered and confusing.
Screens are essential for windows and doors.
Screens are expensive and are used over and over again.
Screens are fast, colorful and entertaining.
Screens are filters.
Screens are for looking.
Screens are fragile and expensive to replace.
Screens are good enough.
Screens are great barriers to free air flow and are little better than closed windows.
Screens are great for giving a rustic or naturalistic feel to a garden.
Screens are groupings of plants used to hide or cover unwanted views or objects.
Screens are hard to build for French doors with shutters.
Screens are harder to read than words on paper.
Screens are harder to read than words onpaper.
Screens are important in any offense.
Screens are just too small.
Screens are less readable than paper, because of their lower resolution.
Screens are less readable than paper.
Screens are like resume reviews.
Screens are located in laptops.
Screens are located in monitors.
Screens are located in movies.
Screens are located in theatres.
Screens are of stainless steel with opening sizes as listed in table.
Screens are often simply mind-numbing.
Screens are only for keeping bugs out.
Screens are part of monitors.
Screens are part of screen doors.
Screens are part of tv.
Screens are partitions.
Screens are point and click, with choices provided.
Screens are protective covering.
Screens are removable from inside the home.
Screens are simple and free of clutter.
Screens are simple and use non-accounting format.
Screens are simple black and white, with only splashes of color.
Screens are small and battery power is at a premium.
Screens are sometimes incorrect.
Screens are straightforward.ogram functions and options are organized in common-sense order.
Screens are surfaces.
Screens are then copied to the storyboard.
Screens are to be kept in windows at all times.
Screens are to be left in place.
Screens are to remain fastened.
Screens are uncluttered, and still pictures are sharp even when enlarged.
Screens are very practical multi-functional pieces.
Screens are very user friendly.
Screens are well organized and easily found and utilized.
Screens are well-formatted, with appropriate use of sound and graphics.
Screens are well-laid out and easy to read.
Screens are white or grey so that the movie shows up nicely on the screen.
Screens are wide enough.
Screens Below are examples of screens from the program in a reduced format.
Screens calls for the most effective patient care.
Screens calls in reference to child abuse and neglect.
Screens can also be away from ball.
Screens can also keep rats, mice and other pests out of earthworm beds.
Screens can be difficult to see if lighting fixtures produce a high level of glare.
Screens can be hard to read, and even lightweight displays are heavier than paper.
Screens can be stationary, rotating, or vibrating.
Screens can be touch sensitave or keypad and are water proof.
Screens can become plugged and cause low-pressure problems.
Screens can easily get out of plane.
Screens can include fields, menus and buttons and can link to other screens.
Screens can vary, too.
Screens carry a one year warranty against manufacturing defects.
Screens collapse easily.
Screens collect trash as water passes.
Screens contain adequate navigational tools and buttons.
Screens contain all instructions needed.
Screens contain all necessary navigational tools and buttons.
Screens contribute to the removal of larger debris from the flow.
Screens descend from the ceiling.
Screens display images.
Screens display pictures.
Screens divide the attractants from the insects.
Screens divide the space as needed.
Screens drain batteries too quickly.
Screens eliminate passion, but they also eliminate judgment.
Screens embed dust particles in the wet and tacky face of the print.
Screens exclude the fliers, and defense by bed netting close around sleepers is even less expensive.
Screens feature images.
Screens freeze up frequently and for extended periods of time.
Screens grow more difficult as children proceed through the activities.
Screens have (part) sections.
Screens have dramatic effects.
Screens have effects.
Screens have excellent potential as a primary ballast water treatment.
Screens have less visible redraw, apps switch quickly from one to the other.
Screens have sharp contrast, simple animation.
Screens have use.
Screens insure consistent particle size.
Screens make conventional pre-press halftones from continuous tone photographs.
Screens make the most efficient use of limited storage space.
Screens minimize accidental migration of the sieve material.
Screens move quickly and follow a logical process.
Screens needs for churches as to nature, extent and legitimacy.
Screens now have a tendency to change size and bit depth when the user wants it.
Screens now separate blue light ambulance arrivals from the waiting room.
Screens only care about pixels.
Screens pop up everywhere, and it's very cluttered.
Screens prevent intruders from entering open-sided garages at street level.
Screens prostate for cancer.
Screens provide adequate ventilation.
Screens provide ventilation.
Screens range in many sizes, subject matter, and price.
Screens remove large material, weed seeds and undersized or broken grain.
Screens represent hard automation for the printing industry.
Screens require setting the power to zero.
Screens resumes and conducts reference checks.
Screens resumes and matches applicants with existing job vacancies.
Screens show images.
Screens show people, whiteboards, presentation materials, or a view of a node screen.
Screens show pixels.
Screens There are several screening methods.
Screens update automatically every two minutes.
Screens vary in price, depending on size and style.
Screens work by blocking light, so they're out of the question.
Screens work only with pixels, there are no inches and there are no dpi on the screen video system.
Screens work to determine acceptance.
Screens often display too many words or too few words.
All screen printed materials are resistant to moisture.
All screen shapes start at the same point and within a few iterations, all the forms are different.
All screens are available in English and German.
All screens are custom made to fit the ditch.
All screens are custom manufactured and non-refundable.
All screens are elaborate, yet uncluttered and neat.
All screens are extensively cross-referenced, for quickly moving between images and structures.
All screens are in English and there is no way to change the written instructions.
All screens are on the ground floor.
All screens are rubber-lined or urethane.
All screens can develop vibration which is transmitted to the supporting structure.
All screens come with black masking borders as standard.
All screens display a flashing number in the upper left-hand corner of the screen.
All screens have natural grain finished back and are made of cabinet grade birch.
All screens look the same containing the same common links.
All screens offer accessible seating in the last row of the theater.
All screens offer information in a choice of English, French, German, Italian and Spanish.
All screens project nicely with a projection panel or scan converter.
All screens provide full editing capabilities.
All screens refresh upon data change from menu.
All screens show operational status of both targets.
All screens timeout to a random series of Chicago fun photos.
Every screen carries two navigation bars.
Every screen features links to the cameras placed around the home.
Every screen has a control bar in the bottom right.
Every screen has a help button at the top.
Every screen has a help button to provide context-sensitive help.
Every screen has the following conventions.
Every screen is called a card.
Every screen is easy to read, easy to find, and unbiased.
Every screen is enabled for printing capabilities.
Every screen is enhanced by graphics and visual aids.
Every screen looks slightly different.
Every screen uses a consistent layout to distinguish content, navigation, and controls.
Many screens have drive-down menus that allow the student to delve into greater detail.
Many screens have French and English versions.
Many screens look cluttered due to excessive use of buttons and check boxes.
More screens are now up.
More screens mean even more money.
Most screen saver software programs can handle images in .bmp, .gif, and .jpg file formats.
Most screens are candidates for uploading.
Most screens are now sizeable and maximizable to the full size of the computer screen.
Most screens are readable and pleasing to look at.
Most screens are self explanatory.
Most screens are still pictures.
Most screens are too tiny to hold more than a few Chinese characters.
Most screens display the current term.
Most screens have a help button that links the user to details about that screen.
Most screens have a navigation bar on the left and the appropriate button on the particular page.
Most screens have another button that reveals additional information related to the screen topic.
Most screens have detailed instructions at the top of the screen.
Most screens have dramatic effects.
Most screens have effects.
Most screens have either a help file or an on-screen explanation.
Most screens have menu items.
Most screens have use.
Most screens provide adequate ventilation.
Most screens provide ventilation.
Most screens work only on highly dilute wastewaters.
Some screen shots from during development.
Some screen shots from the game are to the right.
Some screens also allow the user to customize the data being presented.
Some screens also have links to helpful, related, but non-personal information.
Some screens can contain a lot of buttons.
Some screens can only display one palette at a time.
Some screens contain a short video on the subject in addition to the text and illustrations.
Some screens contain important objects and clues, while others are merely fillers between locations.
Some screens cover aquaria.
Some screens create deep shades.
Some screens create shades.
Some screens go black in bright sunlight, others dim to illegibility indoors.
Some screens have a lot of help text in an introductory paragraph, some have none.
Some screens have dots, some have lines, but the principle is the same.
Some screens have options.
Some screens have their own help routines so that their usefulness can be realized quickly.
Some screens offer subscreens that provide detailed information.
Some screens protect seedlings.
Some screens provide details.
Some screens provide further details.
Some screens require completion of previous screens.
Some screens show mosaic.
Some screens use fewer than six lines, some as few as two.
Screened area protects cats while allowing views of nature.
Screened ceiling extends partially down the side walls to enhance interior ventilation.
Screened cider is collected in a tray under the drum.
Screened drivers stay with the client at doctor or other visits.
Screened films are mostly in English or Spanish language with English subtitles.
Screened openings allow improved conductance to the pumping sideport in the flight tube.
Screened patio overlooks skeet and trap fields.
Screened photographs are unacceptable.
Screened pool is south facing.
Screened porch affords an awesome view of water and wildlife.
Screened porch faces private back yard and deep woods.
Screened porch has wonderful ocean views.
Screened porch overlooks lagoon.
Screened porch overlooks swimming pool and well kept grounds.
Screened porches hold a special place.
Screened porches provide romantic settings for candlelight dinners or casual gatherings.
Screened prints are unacceptable.
Screened rooms make for quiet conversations.
Screened soil is then mixed, or washed, to remove and separate the remaining lead from the soil.
Screened sugars are crystalline products separated according to the size of the grains.
Screened vents exclude insects.
Screened vents prevent animals from resting inside or underneath structures.
A screener is a guard
Screeners add a drop of amyloid, tagged with a radioactive label, to each well.
Screeners are guards.
Screeners are security guards.
Screeners assess suitability of each prospect for participation in a group.
Screeners clear the lines of callers who ring up before the show has begun.
Screeners have confidence that they can generate data.
Screeners pick which calls get on the air, so respond succinctly and coherently to their inquiries.
Screeners provide ongoing support, guidance for existing groups.
Screeners regularly pat down passengers in addition to using magnetic screening devices.
Screeners respond to telephone requests for help by counseling in the field or on the telephone.
Screeners seem confident in their programs' ability to generate data.
Screeners use metal detectors and X-ray machines and physically search bags.
Every screener has to make written comments, including positive ones.
Most screeners use the sites' own ratings.
Screening tests allow prospective parents to determine whether they are carriers for genes.
Screening tests are as important as ever.
Screening tests are available for many types of cancer.
Screening tests are cheap but, have error.
Screening tests are controversial in both cases because they generate many false positives.
Screening tests are examinations that check for health problems before they cause symptoms.
Screening tests are fast, easy to perform, and cheap.
Screening tests are great, but getting treated can be hell.
Screening tests are inexpensive and easy to do.
Screening tests are necessary for both the protection of the patient and the potential child.
Screening tests are one of the most effective ways to prevent colorectal cancer.
Screening tests are readily available for colorectal, prostate and skin cancers.
Screening tests are simple and can be performed on babies while they sleep.
Screening tests are sometimes misread.
Screening tests are very sensitive and detect even minor deviations from normal color perception.
Screening tests can also find colorectal cancer early, when treatment can be most effective.
Screening tests can catch a problem at an early, treatable stage.
Screening tests can catch cancer early, when it's the most treatable.
Screening tests can detect and remove adenomatous polyps.
Screening tests can detect polyps, tiny growths that can become cancerous.
Screening tests can find polyps, tiny growths that can become cancer.
Screening tests can find polyps.
Screening tests can reliably and precisely detect lead exposure.
Screening tests look for polyps so they can be removed, preventing cancer from developing.
Screening tests pick up too many indolent cancers.
Screening tests try to identify cancer before it causes symptoms.
All screening tests are free.
Every screening test has an error rate.
Screening are displays.
Screening are fabric.
Screening are testing.
Most screenplay books clean up the screenplay.
A screenplay is a script
Screenplays are a blueprint for films.
Screenplays are about exposition, that's the bugaboo.
Screenplays are all about simple-minded plots that are easy to make visual.
Screenplays are better.
Screenplays are big and unruly.
Screenplays are blueprints.
Screenplays are different.
Screenplays are like blueprints.
Screenplays are narrative.
Screenplays are pretty defenseless items.
Screenplays are scripts.
Screenplays are short, compact, and intense.
Screenplays are structure.
Screenplays are tougher than print media.
Screenplays have their own format.
Screenplays have to be ruthlessly efficient.
Screenplays impart information with subtlety - or even obscure or mislead.
Screenplays only compete against other other screenplays.
Screenplays only compete with other screenplays.
Screenplays uploaded to the site receive feedback from as few as three people to over twenty.
All screenplays have problems.
Every screenplay is bound just like a normal script.
Every screenplay is marked with a number immediately upon receipt.
Some screenplays are available to read on-line.
Screenshot section is still down as there has been some problems maybe later.
A screenwriter is a scriptwriter
Screenwriter is responsible for and has the sole discretion to set the price of the Screenplay.
Screenwriter is unquestionably the most comprehensive script writing tool available.
Screenwriters are capable of present treatments.
Screenwriters are scriptwriters.
Screenwriters are writers for hire.
Screenwriters can post their CVs and outline their work.
Screenwriters create scripts for movies and television.
Screenwriters create worlds.
Screenwriters feel even more marginalized.
Screenwriters Get FAQ on different screenwriting questions.
Screenwriters give birth to the stories that eventually unfold on the movie screen.
Screenwriters have a special opportunity.
Screenwriters ought to get a life.
Screenwriters seek a larger share of DVD and videocassette revenue.
Screenwriters take the worst of it.
Screenwriters tell stories visually.
Screenwriters often have a turbulent relationship with agents and managers.
Every screenwriter is unique.
Every screenwriter knows to cross dialogue and action for dramatic tension, humor, or depth.
Every screenwriter needs a fantastic library filled with books of the trade.
Many screenwriters begin with a story idea.
Many screenwriters cross over from film to TV or vice versa.
Many screenwriters use commercial software programs to write their screenplays.
Most screenwriters lack a true understanding of the competitive nature of the movie industry.
Some screenwriters are given an idea, they write a script, sell it and move on.
Screw axes are very common in protein structures.
Screw cap has a moulded sealing ring which givess a leakproof seal without a washer.
Screw cap is linerless, white polypropylene which reduces solvent evaporation.
Screw caps provide a seal and access to either the flask or tube portion for cleaning.
Screw clamps are quick and easy, but can slip off or break.
Screw compressors are positive displacement devices.
Screw conveyors parallel feeding system.
Screw dislocations provide the steps for the growth of crystal.
Screw holes are bored in the feet.
A screw jack is a jack
Screw jacks adjust the height to improve sight lines.
Screw jacks provide complete adjustability and can be used on heavy or light trade scaffolds.
Screw joints are comparable.
Screw joints are easy to install and can be fine-tuned.
Some screw propellers are part of frigates.
Some screw propellers are part of ships.
Some screw propellers are part of shipwrecks.
Some screw propellers are part of steamers.
Some screw propellers are part of submarines.
Some screw propellers are part of tankers.
Screw pumps carry fluid in the spaces between the screw threads.
Screw terminals assure tight connections.
Screw terminals provide easy field wiring to all inputs and outputs.
Screw terminals provide for easy hook up.
Screw terminals provide for wired input connections.
Screw theory allows for compact notation of the equations of motion and kinematics.
Screw theory is introduced to describe gripper performance.
Screw thread is a rib
Screw thread is part of screws.
Screw thread is ribs.
Screw threads are a sticky subject in technical illustrations.
Screw threads are different.
Screw threads are measured either in millimeters or in numbers.
Most screw thread is part of screws.
Screw worms are the larvae of a particular blowfly.
A screw is sex
Screw backs with a clear rhinstone from which hang the fans.
Screw bass fishing guide.
Screw be underneath most hundred before have surfing.
Screw brass easy tap onto previous location of coupling nut.
Screw buff lactating buff enemas irl perverts lactating.
Screw burst Soldier by twenty except the adidas shorts indeed copy inside an potatoes.
Screw cap back on securely to form an airtight seal.
Screw cap down to seat applicator.
Screw capped tubes are preferable to snap cap tubes or tubes with rubber stoppers.
Screw caps on evenly and tightly.
Screw carries on the profitable trade of informer, in London.
Screw coat hooks to either side of the shelf to hold hats and coats.
Screw collars on correctly and gently.
Screw cover materials include cast aluminum, thermoplastic, epoxy coated, or cast iron.
Screw draw below no hundred than thank discount mission inline skates.
Screw exist Valley till the cap near lots policy.
Screw extruder consist of a long auger screw that fills the opening of a steel tube.
Screw feed with fast retraction.
Screw feel till an team either supply dad's birthday gift.
Screw fittings on the legs.
Screw going after indictments, let's nape the fields and plantations.
Screw holes holding hinges have become enlarged from strain or rot.
Screw hook eyes into board at each end.
Screw hook eyes into ceiling molding.
Screw is good.
Screw is tightened with finger pressure and final seating accomplished with the torque wrench.
Screw isa device.
Screw lids on tightly.
Screw locking means that the sleeve screws over the gate.
Screw look except many ford ranger lift kit.
Screw modem into slot holder if it has a screw hole.
Screw mount also available in lieu of adhesive.
Screw plug in cup.
Screw plug on top for filling barrel.
Screw standoffs in and set motherboard on top making sure they all match.
Screw stem adaptor onto valve stem.
Screw syringe onto blue clave cap.
Screw tap in one end.
Screw threads Draw thread symbols and give terminology.
Screw threads with multiple starts also provide redundancy.
Screw trans-sexuals to the great can always screw their amateur model.
Screw type back .
Screw type back.
Screw vacutainer needless connector on vacuum collection system holder, and attach blunt cannula.
Screws also can become magnetized while in the bowl, inhibiting correct feeding.
Screws also have their respective nuts and flat washers.
Screws are all pretty similar, but the names get really ridiculous.
Screws are also an option.
Screws are always countersunk and most often plugged.
Screws are black.
Screws are difficult to countersink, especially when working with crowns.
Screws are fasteners.
Screws are ideal for the center stringer.
Screws are inclined planes in a spiral.
Screws are located in cabinets.
Screws are located in computers.
Screws are located in containers.
Screws are located in jars.
Screws are located in motorcycles.
Screws are located in walls.
Screws are loose.
Screws are much easier to replace than valves.
Screws are part of outboard motors.
Screws are part of ships.
Screws are preferable to nails, as they hold better over time, creating a more durable product.
Screws are propellers.
Screws are righi or left according to the direction of the spiral.
Screws are silicon-bronze and so are the bolts attaching the planks to each other.
Screws are simple machines.
Screws are stronger than nails.
Screws are stronger.
Screws are strongest.
Screws are the preferable fastener for decking, because of their superior holding power.
Screws are the preferred fastener for the attachment of the material.
Screws are tools.
Screws are universal for any PC case.
Screws are used for sexual pleasure.
Screws are used for turning.
Screws are wonderful things.
Screws can add up to five times the resistance to uplift forces caused by wind.
