Hourly relationships mean exactly that.
Hourly remuneration covers both actual classroom teaching and preparation before class.
Hourly rental is dirt cheap.
Hourly rentals are available.
Hourly reserves are in-house only.
Hourly salary does depend on major and experience.
Hourly searches are available.
Hourly sessions are by appointment only.
Hourly spaces are profitable.
Hourly staff receive overtime compensation at one and one-half times the hourly rate.
Hourly staff receives a one-hour release during working hours to attend.
Hourly summaries showing the percentage of products delivered to each site also are available.
Hourly temperatures are also available in a raw form.
Hourly time announce.
Hourly usage is based on a calendar month.
Hourly usage is billed monthly.
Hourly wage is commensurate with experience.
Hourly wage is negotiable based on experience.
Hourly wage is negotiable depending on experience.
Hourly wage is negotiable.
Hourly wage is to be determined.
Hourly wage is used for hourly employees only.
Hourly wages apply.
Hourly wages are dependent upon position and experience.
Hourly wages are dependent upon position.
Hourly wages are dependent upon the position.
Hourly wages are up at the fastest rate in two decades.
Hourly wages are up.
Hourly wages begin at the current federal minimum wage.
Hourly wages can run from a few dollars to hundreds of dollars per hour.
Hourly wages depend on the establishment.
Hourly wages vary according to experience and the prevailing rates paid where the jobs are located.
Hourly wages vary depending on job responsibilities.
Hourly wages vary depending on the individual job.
Hourly wages vary with each position.
Hourly wages vary with the type of work and the student's experience.
Some hourly work is sometimes available linked to faculty grants and contracts.
Hourly workers are closer to receiving an election year fillip in their paychecks.
Hous e begins to appear monthly.
A house arrest is a confinement
House arrest is the equivelant of receiving a traffic ticket for murder.
House bands perform on weeknights, and national blues acts play on the weekends.
House bees perform tasks.
House breaking is natural to even the youngest of puppies.
House builders to take advantage.
House calls are also available.
House calls are available as needed.
House calls are available by appointment.
House calls are available for both large and small animals by appointment.
House calls are highly advantageous when it comes to gathering information in behavior cases.
House calls are rare.
House calls occur during the day time and early evening at the availability of the physician.
House calls provide the backbone of any effective organizing campaign.
House cats employ a vocal repertoire that extends from a purr to a screech.
House centipedes capture prey.
House centipedes have jaws.
House centipedes have legs.
Most house centipedes have jaws.
Most house centipedes have legs.
Some house centipedes are distinguished by legs.
Some house centipedes are distinguished by long legs.
Some house centipedes have dark stripes.
Some house centipedes have stripes.
House churches continue to grow rapidly in Beijing.
House churches operate more freely.
House churches provides an excellent atmosphere to develop and utilize the spiritual gifts.
House concerts play an important role in the touring artist's life.
Many house concerts begin early with a pot-luck meal prior to the concert.
Some house concerts have guests bring a dessert or beverage to share between sets.
House construction can affect radon levels.
House construction is a two-phase program.
House construction is lightweight but strong.
House construction is the main line of study with commercial building construction mixed in.
House construction is the second most important reason reported for household indebtedness.
House crickets are largely tan or brown in color, whereas field crickets are largely black.
House crickets are nocturnal, staying hidden during the day.
House crickets enter houses through any cracks and crevices they find, including an open door.
House crickets live in buildings and are straw-colored.
House crickets live in pastures like field crickets.
House dust mites feed on shed skin.
House dust mites feed on skin.
House dust mites go through life stages.
House dust mites go through major life stages.
House dust mites go through stages.
Most house dust mites feed on shed skin.
Most house dust mites feed on skin.
Most house dust mites go through life stages.
Most house dust mites go through major life stages.
Most house dust mites go through stages.
House elves have.
A house finch is a finch
House finches adapt to presence.
House finches are sweet.
House finches have heads.
House finches have songs.
Most house finches have heads.
Most house finches have songs.
House fire is tragedies.
House fires are a leading cause of death among children.
House fires cause the most burn injury deaths in all ages in the United States.
House fires develop and spread rapidly.
Many house fires are the result of food left burning on the stove.
Most house fires are determined to be accidental and preventable.
Most house fires occur at night while people are sleeping.
House gardens are more diverse than swiddens.
House geckos live in areas.
Most house geckos live in areas.
Some house geckos require light.
A house guest is a guest
House guests have the choice of appetizer or soup and salad, entree and dessert.
House hunters are alert to energy costs, too.
Most house hunters are very concerned with the views they see looking out of the windows of a house.
House hunting are human activities.
House hunting are seekings.
House hunting begins at home - with planning.
House hunting begins at home.
House hunting can be an exhausting experience.
House hunting can be time consuming and frustrating.
House hunting is meant to be a chore.
House insurance provides varying levels of cover against such unhappy events.
House leaders agree on that point.
House leaders are unsure the document was produced on a computer inside the chamber.
House leaders call that an unacceptable, short-term fix.
House leaders have a budget proposal drafted but refused to say what it includes for state workers.
House leaders propose a five year extension to the tax moratorium.
House leagues offer good fun, sportsmanship and friendly competition.
House lights can scare off female turtles from nesting on the beach.
A house martin is a martin
House martins can build lightweight, durable homes very rapidly.
A house mouse is a mouse
House mice are also important prey items for many small predators.
House mice are excellent climbers and can run up any rough vertical surface.
House mice are generalists in their diet.
House mice are generally most active at night, although some are active during the day.
House mice are generally nocturnal, although some are active during the day in human dwellings.
House mice are good climbers.
House mice are gray or brown rodents with relatively large ears and small eyes.
House mice are host to a variety of parasites.
House mice are inquisitive and actively explore anything new.
House mice are light brown to dark gray in color with a lighter colored belly.
House mice are nibblers and like to try new foods.
House mice are primarily nocturnal.
House mice are second only to humanity as the most populous mammals in urban areas.
House mice are small and can enter buildings through openings as small as inch.
House mice are small and can enter buildings through openings very small.
House mice are subordinant to harvest mice and meadow voles.
House mice are tiny compared to elephants.
House mice are very prolific rodents.
House mice are very prolific.
House mice can also destroy huge amounts of stored food.
House mice can climb well and readily jump from high places.
House mice can establish long-term residence in homes and offices.
House mice cause damage.
House mice cause structural damage to buildings by their gnawing and nest building activities.
House mice cause structural damage to buildings by their gnawing and nest-building activities.
House mice cause structural damage.
House mice chew or shred anything that they can.
House mice consume food.
House mice contribute to the spread of several human and animal diseases, including bubonic plague.
House mice eat almost anything, but they prefer grains and grain products.
House mice eat many types of food but prefer seeds and grain.
House mice eat seeds, crops, insects, and even such things as soap and glue.
House mice eat storm-petrel eggs.
House mice enter structures.
House mice feed on cereal grain.
House mice feed on grain.
House mice have tracheae.
House mice live and thrive under a variety of conditions in and around homes and farms.
House mice live and thrive under a variety of conditions.
House mice rely on pheromone.
House mice scuttle out from under the refrigerator, munch a few scraps and scuttle back.
House mice share characteristics.
House mice share reproductive characteristics.
House mice share several characteristics.
House mice survive environments.
House mice tend to have longer tails and darker fur when living closely with humans.
House mice use both audible and ultrasonic calls in a variety of contexts.
House mice walk, run and stand on all fours.
House mice weigh ounces.
House mouses are mammals.
House mouses are mouses.
House mouses are omnivores.
Most house mice cause damage.
Most house mice cause structural damage.
Most house mice consume food.
Most house mice enter structures.
Most house mice feed on cereal grain.
Most house mice feed on grain.
Most house mice have tracheae.
Most house mice rely on pheromone.
Most house mice share reproductive characteristics.
Most house mice share several characteristics.
Most house mice survive environments.
Most house mice weigh ounces.
Some house mice carry bacteria.
Some house mice have adult body length.
Some house mice have body length.
Some house mice have expression.
Some house mice have length.
Some house mice prefer seeds.
Some house mice transmit diseases.
House moves are nothing unusual.
House number is at the end of the drive.
House number is on mailbo x post.
House number is on mailbox post.
House number is on the house.
House numbers are in parentheses.
House numbers indicate the street and avenue on which the house can be found.
Houses of assignation is more like it.
House of worship is a building
Houses of worship are among the few places where genuine community can still be found.
Houses of worship are another possibility.
Houses of worship are open to all people.
Houses of worship are some of the world's most beautiful buildings.
Houses of worship are the expression of the noblest and best sentiments of the heart.
Houses of worship can also sponsor non-partisan candidate forums.
Houses of worship can illuminate stained glass, bell towers or other architectural features.
Houses of worship continue to burn.
Houses of worship do a good job of preaching unity, but an even better job of separating by race.
Houses of worship is places of worship.
Most houses of worship are still fairly segregated. . . .
Most houses of worship are still fairly segregated.
House officers are eligible for a variety of optional insurance plans, at additional cost.
House officers are eligible for individual or family coverage.
House officers can easily find housing within a five-mile radius of the hospitals.
House officers can elect to participate in a supplemental retirement annuity plan.
All house officers receive three weeks vacation per year.
All house officers receive, on average, one weekend day off per week.
House order is also important.
House owners are relatively free to modify their homes to suit their personal needs.
House owners can do whatever they want inside, so long as the facades conform with the rest.
All house owners are of different nationalities.
Most house owners have insurance to cover damages to the house or the owner s property.
Some house painters enjoy health.
Some house painters live on diets.
House painting is trade
House painting uses only the highest quality materials and workmanship available.
A house party is a party
House parties are a great place to get new customers and new prospects.
House parties are great.
House parties are of no cost at all except for some cost of a pot luck supper.
House parties are parties.
House parties are popular as well as the annual events that take place.
Many house parties survive off of left behind items.
House pets act.
House pets are to be discouraged.
House pets are usually the source.
House plants are always nice.
House plants are cheery, and there's some evidence they clean pollutants from the air.
House plants are flowers.
House plants are important and attractive in a home.
House plants are sensitive to natural or blended gas.
House plants are simply plants that once grew and thrived in their ideal natural climates.
House plants can also be a problem.
House plants can and do differ in their needs for water, soil and light.
House plants can really liven up any room.
House plants can vary greatly, depending on their source.
House plants do best with clean leaves.
House plants tend to dislike drafts and air pollution.
Many house plants are poisonous.
Many house plants are toxic.
Many house plants can cause illness or death.
Many house plants have very small, thick, waxy leaves and few stomates.
Most house plants can, however, tolerate light from north and east windows.
Most house plants like to be kept consistently moist.
Most house plants require specific soil conditions for health.
Most house plants thrive in moderate to bright, indirect light.
Most house plants tolerate normal temperature fluctuations.
Some house plants are also poisonous, as are some plants found outside, like Virginia creeper.
Some house plants are more effective than others.
Some house plants are poisonous.
Some house plants are very particular about soil and fertilizer.
Some house plants can be quite harmful if ingested by an animal.
House prices appear to be stabilising.
House prices are both higher and continue to rise faster than anywhere else in the United Kingdom.
House prices are high.
House prices are low compared with many areas of the country and the quality of life is good.
House prices are low, so is cost of living generally.
House prices are more expensive than most parts of England .
House prices are more expensive than most parts of England.
House prices are on thier way down and so are rents.
House prices are the highest in the region.
House prices are too expensive.
House prices continue to surge.
House prices double every ten years.
Many house rabbits have several different breeds in their background.
Some house rabbits have trouble.
Some house rabbits live in laundry rooms.
Some house rabbits live in rooms.
Some house rabbits suffer from problems.
Some house rabbits suffer from respiratory problems.
House rules make a clear distinction between appropriation and legislation.
A house sparrow is a sparrow
House sparrows are animals.
House sparrows are at home in cities and towns, as well as around barns and feedlots in the country.
House sparrows are gregarious little birds that have adapted well to living in the city.
House sparrows are in decline in parts of Europe.
House sparrows are often a problem at the feeder.
House sparrows are often one of the only birds willing to live in inner cities.
House sparrows are primarily granivorous.
House sparrows are strong competitors for nest sites.
House sparrows can also dominate bird feeders.
House sparrows can be a problem in bluebird or martin houses.
House sparrows can be very vocal in large groups but are quieter when isolated.
House sparrows can rear three broods in a season.
House sparrows eat grains and seeds, our discarded food, and insects.
House sparrows feed on seeds.
House sparrows lay white eggs, spotted and freckled with grey and pale brown.
House sparrows live for several years.
House sparrows live for years.
House sparrows require diets.
House sparrows show a clear circadian rhythm with regard to their activity levels.
House sparrows stay put all year while native songbirds migrate.
House sparrows take dust baths.
Most house sparrows feed on seeds.
Most house sparrows require diets.
House spiders are susceptible to moisture, which ultimately leads to a high mortality.
House spiders spin their webs in dark corners of moist rooms and outdoors.
All house staff attend at one central location.
All house staff participate in teaching sophomore medical students.
All house staff receive free parking located near the hospital.
House style guides.
House style is more prominent here than the terroir.
House style sounds with an emphasis on synth bleeps and pad sounds.
House swaps are popular at holiday and spring-break times as well as in the summer.
Many house systems are new, including new copper plumbing, new wiring, and a new security system.
House training can be a doddle or a struggle.
House training can be a foundation for all future training.
House training can go out the window at the first sign of a raindrop or snowflake.
House training comes easily as they are naturally clean creatures.
House training is much easier.
House training is usually a snap.
House training starts the day the puppy arrives.
House training takes time and a commitment from the family to do it right.
House types tend to change over time and so do tombstones.
House wines are of course available by the glass, carafe or bottle.
House work is a thankless, unending job, a nerve-tangling bore.
House work is the indispensable foundation of the capitalist system.
All house work is apportioned equally among all members.
House wrap is designed to break airflow and drafts.
House wrap is installed.
A house wren is a bird
House wrens are also most abundant in the east.
House wrens are birds.
House wrens are cavity nesters and as such, are easily attracted to birdhouses.
House wrens are cavity nesters like the bluebird.
House wrens are common backyard birds that readily nest in birdhouses.
House wrens are feisty and pugnacious animals considering their tiny size.
House wrens are generally monogamous but can be polygamous depending on the individual birds.
House wrens are native birds that are protected by law.
House wrens are perky birds that can be loud, bold and hyperactive during the nesting season.
House wrens are small birds, four and a half to five and a four inches in length.
House wrens are wrens.
House wrens can have a second brood.
House wrens can produce synchronous or asynchronously hatching broods.
House wrens continue singing during the hot part of the day.
House wrens continue to sing.
House wrens migrate south to winter in southern coastal states.
House wrens raise two broods per summer.
House wrens seem to prefer areas with trees and shrubs.
House wrens sing songs.
Most house wrens sing songs.
Some house wrens have habits.
House breaking in our country setting is alwasy started early.
House call free virus checkup.
House calls by appointment.
House calls by personal appointment only.
House calls if time and distance allows.
House centipedes live anywhere from three to seven years, depending on the environment.
House centipedes live in damp areas such as cellars, closets, and bathrooms.
House centipedes live in damp basements, closets and bathrooms.
House isa building.
House isa structure.
House martins too, gather together prior to migration.
House moviestars image moviestars.
House passes plan tying funds to performance.
House sets on double level lot with many trees.
House shown at left is a private residence.
House shown on topo just past crest is abandoned.
House sparrows dust-bathing.
House sparrows like haylofts and garages.
House sparrows prefer perches.
House spraying campaigns are also expensive.
House spraying with synthetic pyrethroids forms the mainstay to mosquito control.
House tends to be more dreamy, and can get really haveay some tmes.
House tour each hour.
House wines and sherry are available by the glass.
House wrens compete for nest sites with bluebirds.
House wrens nest in natural tree cavities, and readily accept artificial houses.
Houses act like large chimneys.
Houses already exist south of the ruins.
Houses also field a variety of sports teams that compete in an intramural program.
Houses also line the back nine, but no two are alike.
Houses also look identical whether they're built of wood, steel, concrete or anything else.
Houses also provide information and are places for interaction.
Houses appear to sit on top of one another and often do.
Houses are a little more difficult to find and often have long waiting periods.
Houses are a sort of ethnographic museums.
Houses are affordable, hospitals have room and superior facilities.
Houses are alive.
Houses are also available for students who wish to live on their own, or with a partner or family.
Houses are also available on long and short-term rentals.
Houses are also decorated with lights and decorations, they even use holly.
Houses are also well-heated at very low cost thanks to our natural supply of geothermal hot water.
Houses are an architectural mix, from Tudor to ranch to Southern Colonial complete with pillars.
Houses are and shops white washed, painted and ,decorated.
Houses are apartments and houses located within walking distance of campus.
Houses are approx.
Houses are arguably the most contested area of basic astrological practice.
Houses are as expensive as in Dublin and in very short supply.
Houses are astronomically expensive.
Houses are at end of trail.
Houses are audiences.
Houses are available for sale, but there is some scarcity of houses for rent.
Houses are available in all price ranges.
Houses are bands.
Houses are both one and two stories, some have Balinese flavor, some have pools.
Houses are brought down to their foundation and pieces scattered hundreds of metres mainly upwind.
Houses are buildings.
Houses are built to give their human inhabitants a more comfortable climate.
Houses are cable-television ready and include internet connections.
Houses are capable of burns.
Houses are capable of winter storms.
Houses are castles, swimming pools are moats and dogs are wild stallions.
Houses are cheap out here in hillbillyland.
Houses are cheap.
Houses are cheaper and a lot of people make money from renting to college students.
Houses are circular in shape and dust-free because of it.
Houses are cleaned, people put on new clothes and Buddha images are washed with lustral water.
Houses are closer together in some parts of the neighborhood, many times with common walls.
Houses are closer together.
Houses are co-ed.
Houses are coeducational and conduct many social activities.
Houses are communities.
Houses are complete down to rainwater pipes and gutters.
Houses are complex structures made of many different materials from many sources.
Houses are created by builders.
Houses are currently under construction .
Houses are different.
Houses are directly next to it, as well as across the road from it.
Houses are dwellings.
Houses are easier to figure out than clothes.
Houses are either rectangular or round, with walls made of sun-dried brick.
Houses are either two-storied buildings, with livestock living on the ground floor, or bungalows.
Houses are empties.
Houses are everywhere.
Houses are expensive.
Houses are fair enough, but a total dullness covers everything.
Houses are fairly hard to move from place to place, but cars excel at moving around.
Houses are families.
Houses are far more permanent and forgiving.
Houses are few and far between.
Houses are fields of experience.
Houses are generally larger.
Houses are good for that always.
Houses are good investments.
Houses are hard because they involve elaborately organized complexity.
Houses are hard to find or impossible to visit because of landmines.
Houses are homes.
Houses are in flowerpots with bees flying around big yellow sunflowers.
Houses are in good repair.
Houses are in megaron type again and the entrances are from the narrow sides.
Houses are inviolable.
Houses are just one type of building that carpenters work on.
Houses are large and therefore costly to build.
Houses are large, square buildings, made of tamped mud, stone, wood and clay.
Houses are large, with two or more stories.
Houses are larger, so people want an azalea that's three foot by three foot.
Houses are legislatures.
Houses are like cars in some respects, however - the tiny size.
Houses are like cars.
Houses are like homes for the energies of various segments of our life.
Houses are like people.
Houses are like personal relationships.
Houses are like rafts.
Houses are like that, too.
Houses are located in bedrooms.
Houses are located in cities.
Houses are located in newspapers.
Houses are located in residential areas.
Houses are located in streets.
Houses are located in subdivisions.
Houses are located in suburbs.
Houses are located in villages.
Houses are made of bricks.
Houses are made of building materials.
Houses are made of metal.
Houses are made of rooms.
Houses are made of wood.
Houses are mainly solid concrete.
Houses are management.
Houses are mass produced, with dimensions based upon the standard size of a sheet of plywood.
Houses are mixture of old fishermen's cottages and modern bungalows and villas.
Houses are modern, usually bigger and have the added attraction of offering all modern conveniences.
Houses are more expensive than flats .
Houses are more liquid.
Houses are mostly colonial or other old-style and quite nice to watch.
Houses are mostly two- and three story brickfront townhouses.
Houses are new construction.
Houses are no different.
Houses are normally mixed male and female, although bathrooms are single sex.
Houses are nouns.
Houses are now much tighter.
Houses are of a high standard and each student has a single bed.
Houses are of a high standard and each student is provided with a single bunk bed.
Houses are of post and beam construction.
Houses are of random width but a standard height.
Houses are often self-built, piece by piece when money allows.
Houses are often several kilometers apart, other homes are within blocks of each other.
Houses are olds.
Houses are on a tight, difficult budget as it is.
Houses are on fire in villages in central Kosovo.
Houses are on Hollywood.
Houses are on stilts, made of bamboo or teak.
Houses are out in the weather all year-no winter cover or inside storage.
Houses are out of our range.
Houses are oval in plan, about six feet high, sapling frameworks covered with mud mixed with dung.
Houses are part of assets.
Houses are part of streets.
Houses are picture-perfect, with sherbet facades and white limestone roofs.
Houses are places where people gather.
Houses are places.
Houses are play.
Houses are pretty and decorated, which means they show well.
Houses are real estates.
Houses are rectangular, built on stilts, and accessed by stairs.
Houses are relatively spacious with a rural feel, and there's plenty of waterfront.
Houses are separate, self-contained areas of a building.
Houses are shelter.
Houses are simple, square, two bedrooms, one bath, each.
Houses are small and obsessively neat.
Houses are small buildings.
Houses are small simple affairs built with wood and thatch collected from the forest.
Houses are small, sometimes run-down , but more affordable.
Houses are smaller and less luxurious, but some have beautiful gardens and servants.
Houses are smaller.
Houses are so much better heated than in Britain.
Houses are sparsely furnished, furniture is plain-colored, with no prints.
Houses are still cheaper today.
Houses are still inhabited, some mills are still in use and open to public.
Houses are still the problem area.
Houses are structures.
Houses are the most common shelter for people, but there are many other different kinds.
Houses are there instead.
Houses are to be cleaned inside and out, and whitewashed if necessary.
Houses are to live in, that's one of the finest things about architecture.
Houses are tv shows.
Houses are typical suburban and aim clearly for Moroccan families on long summer vacations.
Houses are typically single sex units.
Houses are used for comfort.
Houses are used for dolls.
Houses are used for families.
Houses are used for investments.
Houses are used for pets.
Houses are used for protection.
Houses are used for residency.
Houses are used for sells.
Houses are used for shelter.
Houses are used for social status.
Houses are usually small - two floors.
Houses are usually two stories, with the ground floor serving as the center of daily life.
Houses are warm and clean, fully furnished and equipped.
Houses are where virtual tours really took-off, clearly they are an obvious medium for real estate.
Houses are whitewashed and farmers clean their warehouses.
Houses are windowless to control light, summer heat, winter heat loss and year-round ventilation.
Houses around are traditional houses.
Houses artifact room with railroad memorabilia.
Houses avail sep or together.
Houses become homes.
Houses become vehicles for investment across time.
Houses begin to sit on terraces with nature still included in the forefront of design.
Houses begin with wooden pallets and roofing felt and grow through cement blocks into brick.
Houses belonging to related families tend to be built alongside each other.
Houses blanket the hillsides.
Houses boldly creep up to the sea front like a dare.
Houses building on stone are stronger, firmer, and more trustworthy.
Houses burn up as they burn down.
Houses can also be worth a lot as bases for catering teams and film crews.
Houses can apply to be the house of the year.
Houses can be super insulated to reduce heating, water used for washing etc.
Houses can create and disband committees with autonomy.
Houses can cry With despair inside.
Houses can face in any direction.
Houses can fall apart, just like bodies.
Houses can help provide a place for birds to rear their young.
Houses can prove to be more cost effective for some students.
Houses can solicit local alumni to be involved and help get things set up.
Houses can stand up straight but they can be leaning or even lie sideways.
Houses can trap things inside that make asthma symptoms worse.
Houses certainly look and feel like homes during the holidays.
Houses change in response to the needs of their owners.
Houses change regularly to fit the needs and tastes of their owners.
Houses cluster close.
Houses collapse like boxes.
Houses come down.
Houses come fully furnished.
Houses come in all sizes, shapes and colors but are generally wood, tasteful and well-kept.
Houses come in many colors.
Houses come in many different shapes and sizes.
Houses come on and off the market at all times of the year.
Houses come onto the market all the time.
Houses compete in activities that range from music and debating through to netball and cricket.
Houses contain private rooms with New Orleans style furnishings.
Houses designed to optimize passive solar performance can utilize even more solar gain.
Houses do cost a little more due to more utilities to deal with.
Houses don t just spring up like mushrooms.
Houses dot the landscape and seagulls eat bread scraps left over from picnics on the beach.
Houses dot the skyline, and the canyon wall is lined with bizarre hollows and caves.
Houses dot thousands of acres of gently rolling land once tilled by farmers.
Houses elect officers to organize events, plan activities, and handle finances.
Houses face east in order to catch the rising sun for good luck.
Houses facing north or south tend to better escape the heat caused by sunlight.
Houses fall down.
Houses feature three and four bedrooms and up to three and a half baths.
Houses feel incredible pressure being one of the only social options.
Houses fronting on the broader streets have more air and light.
Houses function like space stations that have landing portals for our cars.
Houses generally appreciate in value.
Houses generally have an open kitchen available to residents outside mealtimes.
Houses generally require more time to locate.
Houses get bigger and cost more.
Houses get dirty.
Houses give shelter.
Houses grow old.
Houses grow there now.
Houses have (part) attics.
Houses have (part) bases.
Houses have (part) bathrooms.
Houses have (part) bedrooms.
Houses have (part) beds.
Houses have (part) boilers.
Houses have (part) ceilings.
Houses have (part) courtyards.
Houses have (part) decks.
Houses have (part) doorknobs.
Houses have (part) doorsteps.
Houses have (part) elevator cars.
Houses have (part) elevators.
Houses have (part) family rooms.
Houses have (part) floors.
Houses have (part) foundation stones.
Houses have (part) foyers.
Houses have (part) front rooms.
Houses have (part) hinges.
Houses have (part) interior doors.
Houses have (part) kitchens.
Houses have (part) libraries.
Houses have (part) potties.
Houses have (part) readsides.
Houses have (part) roof peaks.
Houses have (part) roofs.
Houses have (part) room light.
Houses have (part) sections.
Houses have (part) shower baths.
Houses have (part) shower stalls.
Houses have (part) staircases.
Houses have (part) stairs.
Houses have (part) toilets.
Houses have (part) tubs.
Houses have (part) walls.
Houses have (part) window frames.
Houses have (part) windowpanes.
Houses have (part) windows.
Houses have a dirt floor and a roof, which extends almost to the ground.
Houses have a lot more cost than just the original purchase and the mortgage payment.
Houses have a roof to keep off the rain and sun, and walls to keep out the wind and cold.
Houses have a wooden skeleton which is filled with light materials and mud.
Houses have accessories for inside and outside .
Houses have adjacent garages.
Houses have all kinds of other foods.
Houses have an architectural vernacular peculiar to the island.
Houses have basements.
Houses have bathrooms.
Houses have bedrooms.
Houses have books.
Houses have ceiling fans.
Houses have copper pipes.
Houses have doors.
Houses have elegant carvings, landscapes are exquisite.
Houses have fences.
Houses have floors.
Houses have foundations.
Houses have front doors.
Houses have furniture.
Houses have gardens.
Houses have initial jurisdiction over infractions of house regulations and procedures.
Houses have kitchens.
Houses have light.
Houses have lights on in every single room.
Houses have living rooms.
Houses have more than one vehicle.
Houses have no list price.
Houses have old copper pipes.
Houses have pipes.
Houses have plumbing.
Houses have porches on multiple storys.
Houses have pornography.
Houses have roofs.
Houses have rooms.
Houses have shelter.
Houses have shingle roofs.
Houses have shingles.
Houses have square plans and generally are two story high connected by terraces at the attic level.
Houses have stories to tell.
Houses have tables, and tables have chairs.
Houses have their own martenitsa, as well.
Houses have tin roofs.
Houses have to be cleaned.
Houses have to be painted often to cover the diesel soot.
Houses have two stories, with mud walls and tile roofs.
Houses have two, three, even four vehicles parked outside belowing to the household.
Houses have walls.
Houses have washing machines.
Houses have windows.
Houses have wiring.
Houses have yards.
Houses here are extremely expensive, so most of our teachers live a long way out and have to travel.
Houses here are newer colonials and farmhouses.
Houses here are slightly larger than the Japan average which helps provide a more comfortable stay.
Houses here line up with matching setbacks from the street.
Houses huddle together.
Houses incorporate front porches, sidewalks on both sides of the street, and picket fences.
Houses is the passive subject.
Houses last a long time.
Houses line both sides of the main street, and a mosque is typically located at the village square.
Houses line both sides of the main street, and a mosque is typically located in the village square.
Houses line narrow streets.
Houses line one side of the street with parking spaces on the other.
Houses line the Fresno River or sit amid oak and pine trees.
Houses line the lagoon to the right.
Houses line the north side of the trail.
Houses line up on the right.
Houses look across the street at other houses, rather than a parking garage.
Houses look better with some furniture.
Houses look festive during celebrations, their yards festooned with paper banners.
Houses look out on a western horizon.
Houses make excursions into the city, often with very specific destinations.
Houses meet the street both north and south of here.
Houses never stay clean and fewer and fewer professionals have the time to do their own homemaking.
Houses now have friend options and more.
Houses now line the site.
Houses now vote individually on such issues as quiet hours and visitation times.
Houses offer protection.
Houses offer shades.
Houses offer the greatest amount of ownership and control, but are the most expensive option.
Houses overlook the deep green valleys.
Houses own pink stains.
Houses peek out from between tall pine trees.
Houses placed on poles and structures tend to become occupied quicker than houses placed on trees.
Houses preside over wooded lots that, by law, are at least two acres.
Houses provide a mechanism for large high schools to function as smaller and more personal places.
Houses provide comfort.
Houses provide residences.
Houses provide stately comfort.
Houses ramble along winding roads that hug the sides of the hills in and around the downtown.
Houses range from mountaintop mansions with private drives to modest family homes.
Houses range from ordinary weatherboard to spacious split-level.
Houses range from ranchettes to manufactured homes to plantation-style estates.
Houses range from three to five bedrooms, and are superbly constructed of brick with slate roofs.
Houses range in size and location around the campus.
Houses range in style from colonials to ranches to contemporaries.
Houses receive paint that's left over.
Houses retain traditional interiors, heavy ironwork on balconies and brown windows.
Houses rim the lake shore and emit sounds of people.
Houses run counter clockwise starting with the East point.
Houses say a lot about their owners and their times.
Houses sell in a day.
Houses sell quickly and usually for the most money when they are priced properly in the beginning.
Houses sell quickly.
Houses sell right away at or above the asking price.
Houses sell within weeks or even days of hitting the market.
Houses settle and underground water flows change.
Houses share a large common lobby as well as four study rooms and two seminar rooms.
Houses share what little high ground remains with epitaphs to a long and busy past.
Houses sit on elevated foundations.
Houses sleep six.
Houses sleeping four or eight are also available.
Houses stand empty allover the area.
Houses stand in the cold shivering.
Houses stand proud and pretty with coats of freshly painted pastel pinks, yellows and blues.
Houses start rotting as soon as they are built.
Houses stay in families for generations, though there always seem to be a few on the market.
Houses still have the hoists for lifting supplies.
Houses still line the streets.
Houses still smoulder.
Houses still stand but without walls and roofs.
Houses surround our house.
Houses take a little longer.
Houses tell the stories of people who have loved and suffered there, done their work and moved on.
Houses tend to be detached or semidetached, sit on individual plots and are set back from the road.
Houses tend to be made of wood bricks, etc.
Houses tend to be small and space is used very efficiently.
Houses tend to be smoky because they usually lack chimneys.
Houses tend to contain larger units, usually two bedrooms or more.
Houses tend to perform better in terms of capital growth, but only marginally.
Houses there crowd in on each other and conditions truly ARE unhygienic and unsanitary.
Houses there sit on large lots and many farms still operate.
Houses try to creep up the golden-carpeted slopes.
Houses tumble across the Oklahoma landscape like gigantic bowling balls.
Houses typically have large, wooded lots.
Houses typically increase in value over time.
Houses typically require at least two people, sometimes more, to cover the rent and bills.
Houses undergo an early spring cleaning to sweep away all traces of bad luck.
Houses vary from funky little beach cottages to large modern homes on the marshes.
Houses vary from huge multi-family long houses to small single family structures.
Houses vary from location to location.
Houses vary from two to four bedroom, and some have garages.
Houses vary greatly in style.
Houses vary greatly in the levels of radon gas they contain.
Houses vary in dimension according to family size, and each family has their own tastes and desires.
Houses vary in size and type.
Houses often serve that purpose.
Houses usually have a full or partial-width porch with columns.
Houses usually participate in the extracurricular programs of the larger school.
All houses also get together to participate in wind-up activities to each term.
All houses are beautiful.
All houses are co-ed by floor.
All houses are handmade original designs.
All houses are lined up by income, the poor living to the left and the rich to the right.
All houses are noble except the teckla.
All houses are non-smoking.
All houses are of a high standard, with friendly owners, and all give good value for money.
All houses are of mixed sex and nationality.
All houses are well-equipped and include bed linen, kitchen utensils and one working phone.
All houses are within easy walking distance of classrooms, beaches and the village center.
All houses are wooden, ship lap designs.
All houses come complete with linens, towels, and beach towels.
All houses come fully furnished.
All houses come with a retractable perch.
All houses come with problems.
All houses do at least one philanthropy event each semester.
All houses easily sleep six and accommodations can be made for more.
All houses flunk insurance inspection.
All houses follow the same architectural design.
All houses have a common room and a kitchen with all basic utensils and utilities.
All houses have a house-master and tutors assigned to each age group within each house.
All houses have a limited amount of car parking space.
All houses have a number of identifiable assets and defects.
All houses have a spacious veranda, overlooking the cliff, the volcano and the sea.
All houses have a TV for student use.
All houses have central gas heat, stove, refrigerator, carpets, blinds, drapes in livingrooms.
All houses have central heating as well as fireplaces.
All houses have central heating, TV's, plenty of bathrooms, microwave ovens and washing machines.
All houses have color television sets with extended basic cable service.
All houses have excellent views of the surrounding countryside and loch.
All houses have exterior storage space.
All houses have lagoon views and experience a good breeze throughout the year.
All houses have large lots with front and rear yards and some off-street parking spaces.
All houses have modern kitchens and either a garden or a patio.
All houses have new furniture, remodeled kitchen.
All houses have outdoor storage sheds.
All houses have phones next to the bed.
All houses have plumbing vents that extend through the roof.
All houses have propane heat and lights, bunks with covered foam mattresses, and carpeted floors.
All houses have running water, sewer and natural gas service.
All houses have screens on windows and mosquito nets over beds.
All houses have security gates and burglar guards on all opening windows.
All houses have some sort of foundation.
All houses have staff in residence to ensure welfare.
All houses have superior finishes.
All houses have their own laundry facilities.
All houses have their own terrace and carport.
All houses have two levels.
All houses offer a vegetarian option for lunch and dinner.
All houses provide meal plans and employ cooks.
All houses require an application to demonstrate dedication to a cooperative living experience.
Any house built on suspicion is bound to collapse.
Any house can be architecture if that house has a sensitivity.
Every house almost is full of holes where the shells have been sent.
Every house belongs to the oldest female living there.
Every house can use some additional shelves, cabinets or an extra kitchen pantry.
Every house comprises five, six, or seven tiny stores.
Every house gets a thorough cleaning almost a month before.
Every house has a basement that served three purposes - wood store, store room and wine cellar.
Every house has a cesspit, so no waste goes into the sea.
Every house has a different facade.
Every house has a drama in it.
Every house has a full kitchen including microwave and coffee maker.
Every house has a garage and most are attached.
Every house has a grindstone to grind corn, millet and barley grains.
Every house has a history, some more glorious and romantic than others.
Every house has a junk room.
Every house has a magnificent door, often teak studded with brass.
Every house has a neat and tidy garden.
Every house has a past made up of the different people who have lived or worked there.
Every house has a quirk in it somewhere.
Every house has a refrigerator and microwave for use by the residents.
Every house has a small garden before it, with circular paths, a sundial, and twenty-four cabbages.
Every house has a story.
Every house has an altar of a piece of paper covered in cock s feathers affixed with chicken blood.
Every house has an aspect of Greek life that they excel in and many different things to be proud of.
Every house has at least one.
Every house has different potential.
Every house has direct car access.
Every house has exquisite carvings and filigreed work all over.
Every house has exquisite carvings and filigreed work.
Every house has from fifty to sixty inhabitants and is divided into tiny cells.
Every house has hazards.
Every house has music playing.
Every house has one or more shrines or holy places for ceremonies.
Every house has positive and negative points.
Every house has problems.
Every house has the same layout for roughly a family-sized living space.
Every house has the same standard sized windows, the same white trim, the same front door.
Every house has two to four kids.
Every house here has integrity.
Every house is a collective kitchen.
Every house is a little farm.
Every house is a shop selling mostly the same assortment of cokes, cigarettes, beer, and candy.
Every house is a unique production.
Every house is built by someone a.
Every house is built by someone.
Every house is built on the earth.
Every house is completely furnished, though it is also possible to buy without furniture.
Every house is custom, special, different.
Every house is designed to lodge eight children, a Franciscan sister and an adult caretaker.
Every house is different, each uglier than the next.
Every house is different.
Every house is hand crafted.
Every house is paralleled by an artificial intelligence.
Every house is supplied with running water from pure, fresh, never-failing springs.
Every house is surrounded by a well-maintained garden, and of course there is a swimming pool.
Every house listed creates great images for today's feature films.
Every house listed here includes an address and phone number and whether it has a separate Web page.
Every house needs a blueprint.
Every house needs a mouse for luck.
Every house needs a spring cleaning from time to time.
Every house needs living space, play room, sleeping areas, kitchens and baths.
Every house needs spaiousness and natural surrounding.
Every house needs work.
Every house poses different challenges.
Every house seems to be either a workshop, a guitar shop or both.
Every house seems to be flying a flag.
Every house seems to belong to a vigneron.
Every house shows distinct, historical and structural traits.
Every house sits on a potential site, as does every public building, every barn, and every factory.
Every house turns out to be a time bomb of hidden horrors.
Many house are build on their cisterns preventing that way the steeling of their water.
Many house artisans, antique shops, restaurants, bed and breakfast inns and hotels.
Many houses also have simple plastic boxes outside for newspapers to be delivered.
Many houses are beautiful and delicate, transparent is their paper.
Many houses are coeducational by wing or by alternate floor.
Many houses are double-fronted, or weatherboard California bungalow.
Many houses are former homes of local families and are often very primitive by European values.
Many houses are located in areas that get cold .
Many houses are located in areas that get cold.
Many houses are on wooded lots or on the community lake.
Many houses are redone so that they've got the modern amenities and the old-fashion charm.
Many houses are subject to be burnt for social unrest.
Many houses are too small for a wheelchair to be used inside with whole families living in one room.
Many houses damaged during the war have yet to be repaired.
Many houses feature intricate ironwork balconies and narrow external staircases.
Many houses get by with only one or two zones.
Many houses have a basement used for storage.
Many houses have a separate dining room for eating meals and a separate laundry.
Many houses have a tradition called work week.
Many houses have a TV room.
Many houses have balconies and lattice windows decorated with carved woodwork.
Many houses have been rehabbed, it's convenient, and there's ample parking.
Many houses have both front and back parlors separated by massive oak pocket doors.
Many houses have excellent race traditions and others are coming up.
Many houses have formal living rooms used only for guests.
Many houses have formal previews of the latest software presented to user groups.
Many houses have large cracks in walls.
Many houses have only gable vents in the sides.
Many houses have porches.
Many houses have problems with cockroaches.
Many houses have simple corrals close by.
Many houses have small stoves that keep the home fires burning round the clock during cold spells.
Many houses have the front door in Belgium and the rest of the house in the Netherlands.
Many houses have their trees or driveways lined with bricks or other similar materials.
Many houses order the same fabric from the fabric mills and then give it their own name.
Many houses predating World War II , with rudimentary anchor bolts or none at all, are a worry.
Many houses predating World War II, with deficient anchor bolts or none at all, are a worry.
Many houses sell privately.
Many houses stand vacant, crumbling.
Many houses still have interesting carved details which started life in the Abbey.
More house plans designers are soon to come.
More houses are by the pawnshop.
More houses can fit in a city block, if they are tall and narrow.
More houses have air conditioning than ever before.
More houses means more work for police, firefighters and other town services.
Most house centipedes capture prey.
Most houses are adobe with sheds and barns made of scrap wood from the sawmill.
Most houses are basically a cube, a rectangular solid, or a combination of both.
Most houses are brick or frame.
Most houses are close together.
Most Houses are coed, meaning that males live on one floor and females live on the other.
Most houses are concrete, but others are made primarily of wood, tin or other materials.
Most houses are low and made of wood.
Most houses are of a basic two-room design with a ventilated pit latrine.
Most houses are on single lots with detached garages.
Most houses are only one storey, topped with a shingled roof of baked clay.
Most houses are small, except half a dozen which have been somewhat haphazardly expanded.
Most houses are still in brick and are decorated with a little garden on the outside.
Most houses are very small and are perpetually under construction.
Most houses boast at least one shed, typically festooned with an assortment of items.
Most houses built here in USA have plywood walls.
Most houses contribute via a local correspondent.
Most houses depend on architectural details, and people are trained to think that's beautiful.
Most houses do a good job.
Most houses do that now.
Most houses do.
Most houses exhibit massive marble steps and a liberal use of marble on the exterior.
Most houses get a regular, although far from abundant, daily supply.
Most houses has a rouf and wall.
Most houses have a nice fireplace and terrace or gardens.
Most houses have a sewer clean-out located close to the foundation for side sewer line cleaning.
Most houses have a small garden to supply food necessities.
Most houses have alley access to garages in back.
Most houses have ample food on hand to last several days.
Most houses have automatic watering and fertilization systems and raised benches.
Most houses have bedrooms.
Most houses have books.
Most houses have carpet, tile, or vinyl flooring.
Most houses have clean-outs, drainage, and ventilation holes.
Most houses have copper pipes.
Most houses have dirt floors, and generally have just one room.
Most houses have doors.
Most houses have electricity, but water is a more complicated matter.
Most houses have fences.
Most houses have front doors.
Most houses have garages, some have rental suites.
Most houses have light.
Most houses have mold growth somewhere.
Most houses have no front or back yards and only small side yards.
Most houses have no hot water or water heaters that are electric.
Most houses have old copper pipes.
Most houses have one main color for the sideboards and then two to five trim colors.
Most houses have one style that is predominant with different styles mixed in.
Most houses have one to four roosting chambers the more the better.
Most houses have only one room.
Most houses have ornamental fireplaces in the communal living room.
Most houses have pipes.
Most houses have places Where cleaners are stored.
Most houses have porches and courtyards where people socialize and do chores such as weaving.
Most houses have quite dry, warm air which can also encourage spider mites.
Most houses have roofs.
Most houses have rooms.
Most houses have secret passages that lead to other worlds.
Most houses have shingle roofs.
Most houses have shingles.
Most houses have small concrete tanks to collect rainwater in the wet season.
Most houses have some sort of mechanical ventilation, such as kitchen and exhaust fans.
Most houses have stone tile floors and marble is used extensively in public buildings.
Most houses have straw thatched roofs.
Most houses have three or four bedrooms.
Most houses have three or four dogs, or chickens, or ducks or goats.
Most houses have tin roofs.
Most houses have walls.
Most houses incorporate passive solar design.
Most houses lack basic facilities such as drinking water and lavatories.
Most houses maintain active contact with faculty in the relevant academic departments and programs.
Most houses offer private or en suite bathrooms, unless otherwise indicated.
Most houses offer protection.
Most houses offer shades.
Most houses only have one bathroom and there is normally a queue in the morning.
Most houses only require three units for proper operation.
Most houses provide comfort.
Most houses provide residences.
Most houses provide stately comfort.
Most houses rush both semesters, and many people rush multiple semesters before joining a house.
Most houses seem to have been surrounded by a circle of trash pits.
Most houses serve a vegetarian alternative at every meal.
Some house centipedes carry diseases.
Some house centipedes live for years.
Some house centipedes live in basements.
Some house centipedes live in damp basements.
Some house wrens use materials.
Some house wrens use nest materials.
Some house wrens use traditional materials.
Some houses accommodate only men or only women.
Some houses also have a pool table, or video game.
Some houses also have a private patio.
Some houses also have a view of downtown.
Some houses also have no electricity and no drainage system.
Some houses also have special rooms where the young unmarried girls of the neighborhood sleep.
Some houses also take in non-member boarders.
Some houses are a combination of all three types.
Some houses are also available for rent.
Some houses are available for rent.
Some houses are available for short term holiday rentals.
Some houses are black and white, for example.
Some houses are close together facilitating family reunions or weddings.
Some houses are female, others are male.
Some houses are great, some are awful.
Some houses are however still in private hands and others have been converted into flats.
Some houses are just too far from a central office.
Some houses are more decorated than others.
Some houses are more social than others, but members' rooms are usually quiet enough to study in.
Some houses are more than one hour's walk to a phone.
Some houses are now just cinders, while flames only licked at the ground a few feet from others.
Some houses are open only by appointment or have very limited hours.
Some houses are present in the area surrounding the reservoir.
Some houses are quite prosperous.
Some houses are right under the lines.
Some houses are shacks and others are summer resorts.
Some houses are simply shells.
Some houses are so large and so elegantly designed that they lend prestige to the area.
Some houses are subject to high radon concentrations.
Some houses attract hummingbirds.
Some houses do.
Some houses even come with front porches.
Some houses even come with their own private pools.
Some houses even have a ceppo for each child in the family.
Some houses focus on culture or language while others focus on something else, like technology.
Some houses give visitor an idea of the family customs.
Some houses have a big basement which can be used as a storage or games room.
Some houses have a laundry closet in the kitchen.
Some houses have air conditioning.
Some houses have air conditions.
Some houses have as many as ten people living in one room.
Some houses have asbestos from pipes or other insulating material.
Some houses have back yard access through public alleys that have become shared driveways.
Some houses have balconies in all rooms, some in master bedroom.
Some houses have basements.
Some houses have both crawl-space and basement foundations.
Some houses have cavities.
Some houses have coin-operated washing machines and dryers for personal laundry.
Some houses have conditions.
Some houses have consequences.
Some houses have dirt floors.
Some houses have even two house numbers.
Some houses have evidence.
Some houses have hot water, a nice comfort to have in the Mysore winter.
Some houses have individual wells and septic systems.
Some houses have just a small, untiled courtyard with no fountain or greenery.
Some houses have long waiting lists.
Some houses have meal plans while in others members buy food and cook individually.
Some houses have more than one bedroom, and the biggest one is called a 'master bedroom'.
Some houses have more than one design feature.
Some houses have more that one wiring zone.
Some houses have pools.
Some houses have quiet study areas as well.
Some houses have severe restrictions placed on on-street parking.
Some houses have small indoor kitchens with propane stoves.
Some houses have springs or wells in the yards.
Some houses have swimming pools.
Some houses have triples.
Some houses have twin rooms which are normally let to one person.
Some houses have weekly cleaning rotations.
Some houses just look better from the street than others.
Some houses make better chimneys than others.
Some houses measure hundreds of metres.
Some houses naturally accumulate more dirt than others.
Some houses offer design services.
Some houses offer personalize design services.
Some houses offer personalize services.
Some houses offer services.
Some houses offer thousands of mutual funds while others only deal in a handful.
Some houses possess animals.
Some houses possess bees.
Some houses possess cats.
Some houses possess rats.
Some houses possess termites.
Some houses put figures in the yard or on the roof.
Some houses radiate happiness, a feel-good charm, while others have gloomy reflections.
Some houses remain and are used either as residences or for commercial purposes such as warehouses.
Some houses require labor for hostelers who stay for a week or more.
Some houses sell for more than their seemingly similar competition.
Some houses show a dramatic change when they are renovated.
Some houses show a systematic change in radon.
Some houses show murals of zebras from Kenya and plants from other areas of the dark continent.
Some houses sit empty.
Some houses specialize in commodities, while others carry a full line of products.
Some houses start too far down.
Some houses still have the beams for the hoists which lifted loads from the storage rooms.
Some houses still remain.
Some houses still sit on the market for months without much interest from potential buyers.
Some houses try to hide the fact that children shelter there.
Some houses use individual wells and septic systems.
Some houses use sun-furnace to boil water.
A houseboat is a barge
Houseboat isa boat.
Houseboat rentals on the Mississippi River are safe, fun and convenient.
Houseboat rentals on the Upper Mississippi River.
Houseboats also come with hot tubs.
Houseboats are also available for rent.
Houseboats are barges.
Houseboats are big and slow.
Houseboats are boats.
Houseboats are cheap in contrast to a scarce berth, which is often unpayable.
Houseboats are homes.
Houseboats are often double dugout canoes.
Houseboats are surely like no other vessels afloat.
Houseboats are the ultimate lake accommodations.
Houseboats are truly a luxurious way of 'roughing it'.
Houseboats are very common in China.
Houseboats canalboats narrowboats holidays.
Houseboats come in many sizes and have all the conveniences of home.
Houseboats dot color on Dal Lake.
Houseboats have (part) anchors.
Houseboats have (part) bases.
Houseboats have (part) hulls.
Houseboats have (part) ribs.
Houseboats have (part) rider plates.
Houseboats have (part) rudder blades.
Houseboats have (part) sections.
Houseboats have complete kitchens, some even with microwave ovens, and charcoal grills.
Houseboats make great venues for families, parties, family reunions, and even corporate retreats.
Houseboats make up a very small part of the market.
Houseboats sleep six comfortably and come fully equipped with dishes and cooking utensils.
All houseboats have full usable sun decks and freeboard catwalks.
Many houseboats have both.
Most houseboats come equipped with many ameneties which make it a simple and easy vacation choice.
Some houseboats come equipped with three-piece bathrooms, hot tubs, barbecues and water slides.
All housebroken dogs are eligible.
A housefly is a fly
Houseflies are a common species worldwide.
Houseflies are active during the day.
Houseflies are also vectors, physically transporting infected feces.
Houseflies are attracted to the smell of food.
Houseflies are blackness.
Houseflies are eaten by beetles and mites.
Houseflies are everywhere in our homes and in extension in our lives.
Houseflies are flies.
Houseflies are found almost anywhere, especially places where humans live too.
Houseflies are grey and black with four black stripes on the back.
Houseflies are grey or black and can be found wherever people are .
Houseflies are grey or black and can be found wherever people are.
Houseflies are important in breaking down and recycling nutrients and organic material.
Houseflies are insects.
Houseflies are major pests.
Houseflies are solitary creatures.
Houseflies are the most common pests in and around homes.
Houseflies become nuisances.
Houseflies breed during the warmer months of the year.
Houseflies breed in places where garbage or manure accumulates.
Houseflies can be a novel biomonitor of atmospheric pollutants.
Houseflies can be useful especially in waste management.
Houseflies can fly very fast to get away from enemies.
Houseflies carry bacteria.
Houseflies eat with their mouths but taste with their feet, which is why they crawl on food.
Houseflies emerge from pupas.
Houseflies have (part) air sacs.
Houseflies have (part) brains.
Houseflies have (part) carapaces.
Houseflies have (part) cell membranes.
Houseflies have (part) cells.
Houseflies have (part) corpi.
Houseflies have (part) cytoplasm.
Houseflies have (part) ears.
Houseflies have (part) faces.
Houseflies have (part) flight feathers.
Houseflies have (part) heads.
Houseflies have (part) nuclei.
Houseflies have (part) plasma membranes.
Houseflies have (part) quill feathers.
Houseflies have (part) sections.
Houseflies have (part) shells.
Houseflies have (part) skulls.
Houseflies have (part) thoraxes.
Houseflies have (part) vacuoles.
Houseflies have a spongy tonguelike labrum for sopping up a variety of foods.
Houseflies have complete metamorphosis.
Houseflies have dark gray or gray and yellow bodies with dark lines.
Houseflies have metamorphosis.
Houseflies have mouthparts.
Houseflies have wings.
Houseflies live close to humans, in urban and rural areas.
Houseflies live in a very large area and are big pests to humans.
Houseflies live in households.
Houseflies live in temperate regions, meaning places that have seasons.
Houseflies pass through distinct stages.
Houseflies pass through stages.
Houseflies pick up germs when they land on rotting food or dead animals.
Houseflies reproduce faster than many other kinds of flies.
Houseflies seem to have a mysterious power to transcend the cold.
Houseflies spend the winter months as adults, making any warm area their home.
Houseflies spread disease organisms by regurgitating and excreting wherever they land.
Houseflies travel to cooler and drier spots when they are about to become pupae.
Houseflies use an unconventional form of aerodynamics to stay aloft.
Houseflies use proboscises.
Housefly isa insect.
Housefly larvae compete with fungi for nutrients, because both grow in manure.
Most houseflies become nuisances.
Most houseflies carry bacteria.
Most houseflies emerge from pupas.
Most houseflies have complete metamorphosis.
Most houseflies have metamorphosis.
Most houseflies have mouthparts.
Most houseflies have wings.
Most houseflies live in households.
Most houseflies pass through distinct stages.
Most houseflies pass through stages.
Most houseflies use proboscises.
Some houseflies carry diseases.
Some houseflies enter pupa stages.
Some houseflies enter stages.
Some houseflies have expectancy.
Some houseflies have life expectancy.
Some houseflies have long life expectancy.
Some houseflies have senses.
Some houseflies have thoraxes.
Some houseflies live in homes.
Some houseflies live up to months.
A houseguest is a guest
Houseguests beg to sleep outside.
Household ammonia is primarily a dilute solution of ammonium hydroxide.
Household ammonia is strongly alkaline and helps to neutralize the formic acid produced by ants.
Household ammonia is very caustic and when consumed, causes internal burns.
A household appliance is an appliance
Household appliances account for the majority of sales.
Household appliances are devices that convert electrical energy to useful energy.
Household appliances are mechanical devices.
Household appliances consume electricity.
Household appliances generate much higher levels, but only at very short distances.
Household appliances maintain a high standard.
Household appliances See removal goods.
Household appliances use a varied amount of electricity, depending on their efficiency.
All household appliances ser.
Many household appliances generate a lot of heat.
Household bleach is a good disinfectant for water.
Household bleach is a good sanitizer.
Household bleach is diluted sodium hypochlorite.
Household bleach is effective.
Household bleach is ineffective in cleaning surfaces as are most chemical disinfectants.
Household bleach is the best thing to get musk out of clothes.
Household bleach is the only disinfectant needed in the water for storage.
Household bleach kills most mold, but finding all of it is the key.
Household chemicals are dangerous if ingested in large amounts.
Household chemicals are quite interesting.
Household chemicals are the most overlooked safety hazard.
Household chemicals cause chemical reaction.
Household chemicals cause reaction.
Household chemicals cause serious reaction.
Household chemicals claim unintended victims every year as well.
Many household chemicals can be harmful if consumed by a companion animal.
Most household chemicals are acceptable.
Most household chemicals cause chemical reaction.
Most household chemicals cause reaction.
Most household chemicals cause serious reaction.
Some household chemicals can cause burn injuries on skin contact.
Household chores are an excellent way of providing some structure to their daily lives.
Household chores are many and time-consuming and they fall overwhelmingly on the shoulders of women.
Household chores do, in fact, burn calories and can give health benefits.
Household cleaners are an obvious cache of chemicals to avoid.
Household cleaners are the number one cause of poisoning of children.
Household cleaners can contribute greatly to poor indoor air quality.
Household cleaners can look like food.
Household cleaners come and go as needed.
Household cleaners help remove dirt after a flood.
Many household cleaners contain ammonia.
Many household cleaners contain bleach that can damage carpet.
Many household cleaners contain plant nutrients such as phosphorous and potassium.
Many household cleaners give off toxic fumes.
Household cleaning can dry out the skin.
Household consumption is also at a high level.
Household consumption is estimated according to product.
Household consumption is explained in terms of a hierarchy of needs.
Household consumption remains the motor of economic growth.
Household consumption seems to be tapering off in the third quarter.
Household debt is already dangerously high.
Household debt is at a record level relative to income.
Household debt is at an all time high.
Household debt stands at a record high.
Household dust causes allergies.
Household employees test.
Household furniture is needed for an expectant mom.
Household income affects families' hopes for children's education.
Household income appears to be the single most significant determinant of mobility.
Household income determines eligibility.
Household income determines Internet usage, both in time spent on the Web and in content selection.
Household income emerges as an important factor determining how well families function.
Household income has the strongest relationship with giving, and it is positive.
Household income includes net farm income, and income from other sources.
Household income is a basis for neighborhood choice.
Household income is an important factor in determining who shops online.
Household income is another feature that distinguishes neighborhoods.
Household income is counted.
Household income is one of the main factors affecting household expenditure.
Household income is the sum of the personal incomes of each usual resident present in the dwelling.
Household income is the sum of total income of all persons in a household.
Household income is the total taxable and nontaxable income of a husband and wife.
Household income is thus a significant determinant of educational outcomes.
Household income plays a significant role in who purchases drive-thru meals.
Household income refers to the sum of the total incomes of all members of that household.
Household income stretches further.
Household income works the same way.
Household incomes are considerably higher here.
Household incomes are the highest in the state and auto ownership and use rates are also very high.
Household incomes are up.
Household incomes have little purchasing power for additional food.
Household insecticide has effects.
Household items are always welcome.
Household items are located in houses.
Household items containing hot foods and liquids are the largest source of burns in children.
Household items donated by departing students are available for a small fee to incoming students.
Many household items are acids and bases.
Many household items are dangerous.
Many household items contain mercury.
Many household items have recyclable value.
Some household items have small, strong magnets or motors that can cause interference.
Household linen is a commodity
Household linen is provided.
Household management is a type of expertise for the acquisition of life's necessities.
Many household names are close to readers' wallets and hearts.
Household objects begin to take on meaning.
Many household objects can be dangerous and sometimes fatal for pet birds.
Many household objects have individual shapes, sizes and textures.
Household products are household products.
Household products get cash credits.
Household products get cashcredits.
Many household products are actually toxic.
Many household products are also pesticides.
Many household products are hazardous materials.
Many household products are hazardous.
Many household products are pesticides.
Many household products are poisonous, and can be harmful or fatal if swallowed.
Many household products are poisonous, corrosive, or flammable.
Many household products can be both dangerous to use and to dispose.
Many household products contain ingredients which are hazardous to human health and the environment.
Many household products contain pesticides.
Many household products contain the same chemicals produced and used by industry.
Many household products contain toxic ingredients that find their way into the water and air.
Many household products sold in plastic or glass containers are recyclable.
Household tap water contains microorganisms.
Household waste is exempted from being regulated as hazardous waste.
Household waste is taken to the Burke County transfer station for shipment to a landfill.
Household waste is used to generate cooking gas.
All household waste is disposed of through the septic system.
Household wealth is defined as the sum of human capital and net worth.
Household wiring lacks the protection of corporate sites.
Household work is as pleasant as any other.
Household work is the most common type of unpaid work.
A household is an unit
Household appliances all over the world are powder-coated.
Household centipedes hunt flies, spiders and other insects at night.
Household cleaning agents such as ammonia, borax, lye, and detergents are common examples of bases.
Household consists of all the persons who occupy a housing unit.
Household deodorizing products are temporary relief methods.
Household diversifies into merchandising, manufacturing and transportation.
Household engages in a variety of deplorable practices.
Household finds consumer equilibrium based on preferences, income and prices b.
Household help twice a week located in Denver.
Household includes anyone maintaining a family relationship living in an employee's home.
Household includes anyone maintaining a family relationship living in the faculty member's home.
Household includes free issues to employees.
Household is fun when every member of the family is involved in it.
Household is most common, allowing for collection of most social, economic and health information.
Household is small.
Household isa organization.
Household lead testing kit.
Household measuring devices such as a teaspoon can vary widely in the amount that they hold.
Household now appeals.
Household observes six company holidays.
Household pets only.
Household quantities Less than five gallons of a household product.
Household refuse can include everything from paper to plastics to metals to organic waste.
Household reserves the right to amend or eliminate plans at anytime.
Household sleeping arrangements are also richly varied.
Household spending on culture and recreation is now greater than spending on food.
Household use only.
Households add bread.
Households also adjust inventories during economic slowdowns.
Households also confront shifting levels of productivity and needs over their life cycle.
Households also go through changes that require financial plans to be modified.
Households also save or draw on their savings as a result of transitory annual income fluctuations.
Households also spend some of it on consumer goods.
Households also supply labor to firms.
Households are also a growing sector.
Households are eligible for multiple semi-annual parking permits.
Households are frequently complicated, with individuals coming and going constantly.
Households are groups of five to twenty-five students who share, support, and pray with one another.
Households are homogenous units.
Households are households.
Households are housing and economic units, comprised of one or more individuals.
Households are more optimistic about the economy.
Households are more pessimistic.
Households are never homogeneous entities and neither are families.
Households are on the more pessimistic end of the spectrum.
Households are responsible for responsible for reforestation, protection and management.
Households are small groups of students who share, support, and pray with one another.
Households are subject to stochastic earnings, and parents care about their children.
Households are the aggregate of individual persons living in a single housing unit.
Households are the appropriate economic unit for assessments of income and living standards.
Households are the biggest employer of girls and women from impoverished families.
Households are the biggest investors in unit trusts.
Households are the ultimate consumers of goods and services.
Households buy several goods with any of several media of exchange.
Households buy stock and corporations issue it.
Households can also reduce the volume of refuse by crushing containers and boxes.
Households can also replace impervious surfaces with more porous materials.
Households can apply at the beginning of the heating season as opposed to last season.
Households can be family or non-family households, and can contain more than one family.
Households can construct their own composting tanks and make full use of methane stoves for cooking.
Households can ensure a proportion of their energy use is generated from renewable resources.
Households can only increase their holdings by taking land from other households.
Households can receive only one rebate.
Households can sign up for Internet access and then subsequently drop or switch service providers.
Households change due to economic and physical alterations.
Households change, appetites change.
Households collect wild foods and trade surplus grain for livestock with neighboring pastoralists.
Households comprising one person are slightly less likely to recycle.
Households consist of all people occupying a housing unit.
Households consist of elders.
Households consist of mother and children.
Households contain adults.
Households create and preserve identity through technology.
Households decide to save a larger share of their income.
Households decide which firms to work for and what to buy with their incomes.
Households demand goods and services.
Households derive value from convenience, cost, and utility.
Households determine the amount of labor supplied by trading off income for leisure time.
Households differ with respect to their initial asset holdings.
Households disrupted by armed conflict are vulnerable to hunger over long periods of time.
Households do pay a large share of Oregon's taxes.
Households earn interest on their savings.
Households earn zero on savings accounts.
Households establish and control public and private boundaries with technology.
Households exhibit diversity in their composition.
Households experience growth.
Households face entry constraints to enter into profitable activities.
Households flourish in peace when the interest of each is the interest of all.
Households form neighborhood, and neighborhoods form societies.
Households give charity.
Households go through resource markets to sell their labor to businesses.
Households harbor master craftspeople, cooks, repair experts , caregivers, musicians, or gardeners.
Households have a more elastic demand than industrial users.
Households have access to necessary medical services.
Households have an extremely limited amount of assets.
Households have capacity.
Households have clean energy options.
Households have debts.
Households have electronic equipment.
Households have equipment.
Households have families.
Households have food.
Households have holdings of wealth in many other forms.
Households have homes.
Households have members.
Households have obese parents.
Households have options.
Households have other electronic equipment.
Households have parents.
Households have rooms.
Households have the responsibility to keep the rubbish bin intact and clean.
Households headed by a female are below the poverty line at over twice the overall rate.
Households headed by women are particularly vulnerable.
Households headed by women have lower penetration levels than do households headed by men.
Households headed by women, more common in cities, are particularly vulnerable to poverty.
Households hold most of the money.
Households include parents.
Households increase consumption.
Households look at savings based on what's happening to their wealth.
Households make decisions that affect production and accumulation of physical and human capital.
Households make their own arrangements on supporting minors who live among their members.
Households only account for a small share of both electricity and water usage.
Households own about two-thirds of all equity.
Households pay a variable rate depending on the amount of service they use.
Households pay a variable trash rate depending on the amount of waste they generate.
Households pay for health care costs out of available income.
Households qualify for the program based on their income and resources.
Households rely almost exclusively on woody vegetation for their energy needs.
Households save money by throwing away less garbage and recycling.
Households seem to operate as hierarchies with sexually segregated spheres of activity.
Households sell the factors of production in exchange for money payments.
Households strive to maintain their labour pool by contesting the custody of children.
Households take into account the time, hassle, and psychological effects of participation.
Households tend to be risk averse.
Households tend to move in and out of poverty for a variety of reasons.
Households use energy.
Households use heat energy.
Households use only propane.
Households use water.
Households using less hot water have higher percentage of standby losses.
Households vary in size from two to seventeen persons.
Households often have large family portraits hung in their walls at home.
Households often require two or more incomes.
Households often take risks in their decisions.
Households usually prepare amounts to last an entire year until the next harvest.
All households contain dust, but very few homeowners know what is in dust.
All households have a finite amount of income to divide into a household budget.
All households have one.
All households receive a questionnaire containing seven basic population and housing questions.
All households receive the publication by mail as part of their membership dues.
Every household also has a family legacy.
Every household contains a living room but only the better off can afford a guest room.
Every household has a specific characters and charisms.
Every household has a stove.
Every household has bills.
Every household has different needs and desires regarding their closets.
Every household has it's own favorite recipe for salsa.
Every household has on average one to two bikes.
Every household has one or more shrines that are used to change such characteristics.
Every household has one or two TV sets.
Every household has some form of paperwork that needs to be kept in a file.
Every household is different and has different water and energy requirements.
Every household is different, and the reasons for wanting a bird as a companion are different.
Every household is different.
Every household is encouraged to practice Biblical hospitality, and to do good to all people.
Every household is required to have a fully automatic assault weapon and ammo.
Every household is run by a strict, sometimes arbitrary canon of bylaws and conventions.
Every household needs a few how-to's in the library.
Every household needs a pair of pruning shears.
Every household needs a slinky, it is a necessity.
Every household needs some spare cash to protect against a sudden emergency.
Every household needs syrup of ipecac.
Every household requires a good medical manual.
Every household spends a few hundred dollars on products each month.
Every household spreads a special cover with symbols for the seven good angels on it.
Every household uses batteries, flashlights, key chains and cameras.
Every household uses different amounts of hot water.
Many household cleaning agents are harmful to the color and life of a fabric.
Many household cleaning agents are harmful to the color and life of the fabric.
Many household cleaning agents contain formaldehyde.
Many household cleaning products contain chlorine.
Many households also grow rubber and coffee as cash crops.
Many households are dependent on their children's income to a significant extent.
Many households are in agony over their missing beloved children.
Many households are increasingly dependent on non-farm income.
Many households benefit from having a water meter.
Many households depend upon several workers to earn enough to support their families.
Many households drink bottled water to avoid the tap water's metallic taste.
Many households have more than one wage earner.
Many households have obligations that exceed that amount.
Many households have one or both parents working full-time.
Many households have several, as a Western house has taps in several different rooms.
Many households have some stocks of leafy tops of radishes and cabbage that have been dried.
Many households have two working parents.
Many households have two, one for parents and one for kids, installed at a lower height.
Many households now have Internet access.
Many households now own more than one vehicle.
Many households purchase water at considerable cost from local water vendors.
Many households receiving heating assistance contain either elderly residents or children.
Many households rely on it for heating and cooking.
Many households rely on two incomes.
Many households require two incomes.
Many households still have unsatisfactory access to education, health care, energy and clean water.
Many households still use products that contain bleach.
Many households use natural gas, propane or fuel oil heating.
Many households use the PC for multiple activities, such as Internet surfing and word processing.
Most household cleaning agents contain formeldehyde.
Most households add bread.
Most households also have an altar to the family's ancestors.
Most households are easy to estimate.
Most households are net debtors, while only the very richest are net creditors.
Most households clear some new area of forest each year.
Most households conduct small business activities to bring in extra income.
Most households consist of elders.
Most households consist of extended families, as the sons bring their wives home after marriage.
Most households contain adults.
Most households depend largely on their incomes from work.
Most households even have two or three hammers for various uses.
Most households generate a handful of bulbs annually.
Most households generate a lot less garbage each week as a result of recycling.
Most households give and volunteer time.
Most households give charity.
Most households have a few chickens running around outside.
Most households have air conditioners, refrigerators, televisions, radios and telephones.
Most households have capacity.
Most households have clean energy options.
Most households have debts.
Most households have electronic equipment.
Most households have equipment.
Most households have families.
Most households have food.
Most households have homes.
Most households have howler troops who regularly visit their property.
Most households have members.
Most households have obese parents.
Most households have options.
Most households have other danger zones as well.
Most households have other electronic equipment.
Most households have parents.
Most households have rooms.
Most households have televisions, radios, and telephones.
Most households have their own of each of the modern appliances viewed as necessities.
Most households have to meet both a monthly gross and net income tests.
Most households increase consumption.
Most households keep sheep, goats, and occasionally cattle, but the use of animal traction is rare.
Most households now spend over fifty percent of their incomes on housing.
Most households own a few sheep, and many own small flocks.
Most households pay a fixed sum per month to guarantee their water supply.
Most households rely on small backyard greenhouses rather than expensive imported produce.
Most households spend a substantial amount of money on women s health.
Most households spend their refunds on items such as clothes, cars, and furniture.
Most households use donkeys as draft animals.
Most households use energy.
Most households use heat energy.
Most households use ten bags per week.
Most households use water.
Some households also plant sesame and beans.
Some households also use cisterns as their source of drinking water.
Some households are head by single women.
Some households are head by women.
Some households are nuclear, while others are extended, ranging from one to twenty-five members.
Some households are run by duchesses.
Some households can save even more.
Some households consume salt.
Some households decorticate and process infected enset plants at their early stage of infection.
Some households dispose of their waste improperly and irresponsibly.
Some households employ gardeners and launderers.
Some households have a different person cook for all the others each night.
Some households have a few cows or goats or geese.
Some households have a roster for housework.
Some households have approaches.
Some households have birds.
Some households have children.
Some households have conflict.
Some households have different approaches.
Some households have dogs.
Some households have exotic birds.
Some households have fire.
Some households have large dogs.
Some households have more than one type of gun.
Some households have same symptoms.
Some households have servants.
Some households have symptoms.
Some households have the custom of blessing everyone present.
Some households have their own small business or receive cash from seaweed production.
Some households have to report their household situation quarterly on a quarterly report form.
Some households lack adequate emergency funds to cover unexpected expenses.
Some households offer health treats or small gifts, like pencil erasers, as alternatives.
Some households receive questionnaires requesting additional information.
Some households seem steady tenants, others are very mobile, unsettled.
Some households set-up time immediately after the child gets home from school.
Some households simply lack the money to pay for their necessities, including energy.
Some households turn kitchen waste into compost, which can be used as fertilizer.
Some households use blenders.
Some households use more than one.
Some households watch the program as children get dressed and have breakfast.
A householder is an owner
Householders are responsible for putting up local street signs and for their own sales.
Householders are the backbone of the human race.
Householders are with partial vows.
Householders begin their spring cleaning and start work on their gardens and lawns.
Householders can also respond by telephone if they choose.
Householders can now ask the council to clean off graffiti on their property free of charge.
Householders can see their home in the neighbourhood they live in.
Householders engage in philanthropic work, such as charity, mostly with a motive.
Householders ignoring the restrictions face hefty fines.
Householders maintain their properties under the guidance of the town authorities.
Householders place all of their garbage into plastic bags.
Householders use eatables, water, clothes, etc.
Many householders are avid fox-feeders, delighted to see foxes in their gardens.
Most householders request the equivalent of one month's rent.
Most householders throw away infested products and clean cupboards before restocking.
Some householders observe the ten precepts on the fifteenth day.
Some householders stint the family table in order to provide expensive entertainment for visitors.
A househusband is a husband
Househusbands here whisper apologetically as they confess their apparent social androgyny.
A housekeeper is a servant
Housekeeper Call our front desk for early room make up service.
Housekeeper can also provide childcare.
Housekeepers also vacuum and dust residence rooms on a weekly schedule.
Housekeepers are at the cutting edge of it, because our duties are crucial to good public health.
Housekeepers are domestics.
Housekeepers are especially valuable to our program, because they are our eyes and ears.
Housekeepers are only responsible for cleaning hallways, community bathrooms and other common areas.
Housekeepers are responsible for keeping the facility and rooms clean and orderly.
Housekeepers are under the supervision of the head housekeeper who coordinates daily assignments.
Housekeepers are unskilled workers.
Housekeepers bloom with stigmata.
Housekeepers clean the rooms and change the beds weekly.
Housekeepers do all other tasks.
Housekeepers ensure that the hospital is clean and neat.
Housekeepers have a lot of contact with students.
Housekeepers provide daily cleaning services.
Housekeepers typically conduct sight tests when cleaning rooms at most hotels.
Housekeepers work together daily to remake all the units much like motel housekeepers.
Some housekeepers are willing to prepare meals for the family as well.
Some housekeepers say they have been called by name and received a hug while cleaning rooms.
Some housekeepers say they have been called by name or received a hug while cleaning rooms.
Houselight control is on a separate push-button station station.
A housemate is an occupant
Housemates are residents.
Housemates are two female professionals and one male grad student.
Housemates are welcome to share the pets already here.
Housemates deliver the handouts in person.
Housemates leave the house in three ways.
Housemates nominate their candidates for eviction each week, which are then put to a viewers' vote.
Housemates pull together bail money.
Houseplant care is the topic of conversation today.
Houseplant culture requires a close look at the light available in a particular room.
Most houseplant fertilizers are fairly concentrated.
Some houseplant fertilizer contains elements.
Some houseplant fertilizer contains trace elements.
Some houseplant food contains nitrogen.
Houseplant insects are difficult to control.
Some houseplant leaves turn brown and crispy when the air in our homes is too dry.
Most houseplant pests are small and hard to see.
A houseplant is a plant
Houseplant isa plant.
Houseplants also absorb pollutants and purify the air.
Houseplants also can outgrow their pots.
Houseplants also vary in their light needs.
Houseplants are also effective and can be used many times.
Houseplants are an important element in most indoor environments.
Houseplants are often good places for moulds to grow.
Houseplants are plants capable of tolerating indoor conditions.
Houseplants are plants.
Houseplants are popular indoor decorations.
Houseplants are sensitive to drafts and heat from registers.
Houseplants are susceptible to attack by various pests and diseases.
Houseplants are tropical plants.
Houseplants bring a bit of nature to indoor spaces.
Houseplants Bring houseplants outdoors.
Houseplants bring the cycles of nature indoors.
Houseplants can actually help remove pollutants through photosynthesis.
Houseplants can also pose problems because they can be knocked over and possibly eaten.
Houseplants can benefit from the nutrients in the soak water.
Houseplants can develop many problems, but most have environmental or cultural causes.
Houseplants can lend beauty to the home and even help keep the air clean of pollutants.
Houseplants don t have to be only green.
Houseplants dry out rapidly in the dry heat of winter.
Houseplants have (part) cell membranes.
Houseplants have (part) cells.
Houseplants have (part) corpi.
Houseplants have (part) cytoplasm.
Houseplants have (part) nuclei.
Houseplants have (part) plant parts.
Houseplants have (part) plasma membranes.
Houseplants have (part) sections.
Houseplants have (part) vacuoles.
Houseplants have a habit of outgrowing their containers.
Houseplants have leaves.
Houseplants help purify indoor air.
Houseplants live in a totally artificial environment.
Houseplants love to be sprayed with a light mist of water.
Houseplants make people feel calmer, more optimistic, and more self-assured.
Houseplants normally use less water in the house than they did while outside.
Houseplants provide a haven for molds.
Houseplants require less watering during the winter months than in the spring and summer.
Houseplants require some basic care to remain healthy and vigorous.
Houseplants selects high quality foliage and specimen plants, orchids, cactus, and hanging baskets.
Houseplants suffer if they receive too much or too little light.
Houseplants Use soapy water from dishwashing or from taking showers to water houseplants.
All houseplants are nonpoisonous.
Many houseplants are from the tropics and very sensitive to low temperatures.
Many houseplants are from the tropics where the humidity is higher than it is here in Colorado.
Many houseplants are poisonous.
Many houseplants go through a climate change after being brought back in.
Many houseplants like to be outdoors in summer - check all frosts are over first.
More houseplants die from overwatering than any other cause.
Most houseplants are dormant during winter.
Most houseplants are easy to grow.
Most houseplants are okay.
Most houseplants are tropical in origin.
Most houseplants have leaves.
Most houseplants originate in tropical or semitropical regions, where the air is moist.
Most houseplants require less light than do other plants.
Most houseplants require less water in winter months because growth is slowed or stopped.
Most houseplants thrive in moderate to bright, indirect light.
Most houseplants thrive outdoors during the summer months.
Some houseplants also can replenish moisture in the air.
Some houseplants are poisonous to birds that nibble on vegetation.
Some houseplants are poisonous to birds who nibble on vegetation.
Some houseplants are poisonous.
Some houseplants benefit from increased humidity.
Some houseplants can be poisonous.
Some houseplants grow to form rosettes.
Some houseplants grow to rosettes.
Some houseplants harbor mites.
Some houseplants start rooting in three weeks.
Some houseplants thrive in a dark corner.
A housewife is a wife
Housewife covers it.
Housewifes are homemakers.
Housewifes are wives.
Housewives are neck deep in suds.
Housewives are relatively more at risk for both undernutrition and obesity.
Housewives buy their milk in ice blocks.
Housewives discipline their intoxicated husbands.
Housewives doing thier ironing find it easy to listen to.
Housewives draw designs and emblems with rice flour, turmeric powder-and vermilion.
Housewives go online to shop for goods .
Housewives go to the market daily to buy their immediate requirements.
Housewives manage their chores with a minimum of water.
Housewives nag their children while getting the homework done.
Housewives prepare cold drinks and sweet cakes which are sent as presents to the neighbours.
Housewives put jugs of it on the table where it was consumed with meals.
Housewives reach the end of their tether and take the grocery money and a taxi to the station.
Housewives revere it and make offerings of corn.
Housewives sell kids' clothes, young people sell music and games, and enthusiasts sell collectibles.
Every housewife is a pharmacist, every loaf of bread is a pharmaceutical preparation.
Most housewives are very much aware of the problem.
Most housewives bake injera twice a week.
Most housewives didn t have much use for honey.
Most housewives have to walk miles in search of water as the whole village has only two wells.
Most housewives have traditional notions of the factory as something cruel, dark, distressing.
A housework is work
Housework can be pretty humdrum or monotonous.
Housework can wait.
Housework is a breeze.
Housework is a family affair.
Housework is also important.
Housework is an important part of home making.
Housework is an inevitable part of life.
Housework is as respectable as any job.
Housework is basic yet hard work.
Housework is for the benefit of the whole household, including the one doing the work.
Housework is housework even in space.
Housework is more physically demanding than sitting at a desk.
Housework is next.
Housework is one of the things couples argue about.
Housework is secondary.
Housework is something that can give.
Housework is the next major activity absorbing time liberated in later life.
Housework is work directly opposed to the possibility of human self-actualization.
Housework makes women ugly.
Housework never goes away, but childhood passes quickly.
Housework seems to build more neurosis than pride.
Houseworks are cleaning.
Houseworks are exhaustings.
Houseworks are work.
All housework is so different from the North.
Much housework is practical parenting.
Housing assistance can help working families live near jobs and transportation.
Housing Assistance can help.
Housing assistance helps parents provide better nutrition and health care for their children.
Housing assistance is also problematic.
Housing assistance is available.
Housing assistance is limited to low-income families and individuals.
Housing assistance is offered.
Housing assistance is provided, either subsidy or housing itself.
Housing assistance makes sense.
Housing assistance reaches only a fraction of eligible families.
Most housing assistance goes to public housing authorities, landlords and middlemen.
Housing associations are also able to carry out adaptations to their own property.
Housing associations can likewise require appropriate provision for their tenants.
Housing associations provide rented housing to people applying to the council for housing.
Most housing associations keep their property records on a computer system.
Housing authorities are inefficient providers of housing.
Housing authorities can use different loan structures to help borrowers.
Housing authorities have no taxing power.
Housing authority moves ahead with plans for waterfront development.
Some housing authorities have After-care coordinators.
Housing benefit is an example that comes to mind.
Housing benefit is based upon availability.
Housing companies tend to be rather small, often comprising only one building.
Housing complexes is usually close to the work facilities, walking to work is common.
Most housing complexes feature a grocery store but there are also larger stores in town.
Housing cooperatives are similar to other business cooperatives because they are member-owned.
Housing cooperatives can help low income people to realize their hopes of owning their own homes.
Housing cooperatives have one vote per household.
Housing cooperatives select their residents, and are exempt from federal fair housing law.
Housing crises can result from or precipitate mental health crises.
Housing demand is at an all-time high, and the stock market continues to exceed expectations.
Housing density creates more consumers for retail businesses.
Housing density has a significant impact on land use.
Housing development continues to boom in the valley.
Housing development is development
Housing development is development.
Housing development needs to be diverse.
Housing developments are below dams.
Housing developments are everywhere and sprout like mushrooms.
Housing developments are more lucrative crops.
Housing developments are necessary, plain and simple.
Housing Developments Find the perfect home.
Housing developments get to look like apartment houses because there's no land to develop.
Housing developments metastasize into the eastern hills.
Many housing developments offer outdoor amenities close at hand.
Housing discrimination affects of every part of our lives and it hurts.
Housing discrimination comes in many forms, from hidden to direct.
Housing discrimination is a local issue.
Housing discrimination is a serious problem in the Miami Valley.
Housing discrimination is a shameful evil.
Housing discrimination is a significant challenge for the transgender community.
Housing discrimination is against the law.
Housing discrimination is always illegal, but it can happen in many ways.
Housing discrimination is illegal.
Housing discrimination leads to a concentration of poverty.
Housing discrimination makes the rental market even more difficult for many.
Housing discrimination violates many state and local laws, as well.
A housing estate is development
Housing estates are projects .
Housing loans are among the best in the country for first time mortgages.
All housing loans have residency requirements that are strictly enforced.
Housing markets are markets.
Housing markets are tough everywhere.
Housing markets are vigorous, incomes are rising and inflation remains low.
Housing markets fluctuate.
Housing markets remain in good shape, and without signs of speculative pressures.
Housing markets remain strong, although growth in new construction has been waning.
Housing markets remain strong, despite recent volatility in the financial markets.
Housing policies change periodically.
Housing policies dictate use of alcohol in residence halls and on-campus apartments.
Housing policy is a legitimate area for the extension of competence, and more urgent.
Housing price is price per square foot.
Housing prices are also the major source of inter-regional variations in the cost of living.
Housing prices are among the lowest in Canada.
Housing prices are approximate, and include only the cost of the dormitory.
Housing prices are attractive and the range of styles and locations is broad.
Housing prices are embarrassingly good, and, by all indications, still on the rise.
Housing prices are higher than ever.
Housing prices are key but higher costs for food and transportation also can be budget breakers.
Housing prices are moderate, taxes are reasonable, and the quality of life is exceptional.
Housing prices are out of control.
Housing prices are reasonable and there are growing problems with traffic congestion.
Housing prices are significantly lower than in neighboring Ada County.
Housing prices are significantly lower than in the rest of the Bay Area.
Housing prices are so reasonable that a vacation townhouse in Phoenix is a consideration.
Housing prices are unusually modest.
Housing prices are up in the city, though they still pale in comparison to nearby cities.
Housing prices are very reasonable.
Housing prices are way up.
Housing prices average in the mid to moderate five figure range.
Housing prices can go down as well as up.
Housing prices depend on location.
Housing Prices help to make a young home owner's dream come true.
Housing prices range from moderate to up-scale.
Housing prices vary, of course.
A housing project is housing development
Housing projects are housing development.
Housing projects are unlikely to achieve all day sunlight into every room in mid-winter.
Any housing project completed prior to date of closing of competition is eligible.
Most housing projects have waiting lists, and in some cases the waiting lists are lengthy.
Most housing projects rewrote their plans to avoid the restrictions.
Housing schemes exist to help people on a low income.
A housing start is a beginning
Housing starts are a source of demand for manufacturers.
Housing starts are beginnings.
Housing starts are low and unemployment is on the rise.
Housing starts are off from the heady levels of the spring, and new car sales have flattened out.
Housing starts are off to their fastest pace in over ten years .
Housing starts are stronger in summer than winter.
Housing starts are up substantially.
Housing starts are up.
Housing starts fall but the multifamily sector jumps.
Housing starts is an indication of consumer confidence in making long term financial commitments.
Housing starts is important because it is a leading indicator.
Housing starts jump.
Housing starts make the highest impact on lumber demand.
Housing starts measure the number of units permitted that actually start construction.
Housing starts provide a warning of future economic activity.
Housing starts remain healthy.
Housing starts remain one of the brightest spots in the economy.
Housing starts remain strong and retail sales are robust.
Housing starts represent the number of dwellings for which construction has begun during a period.
Housing subsidies are social policy's equivalent of winning the lottery.
Housing subsidies make it possible for low-income families to live outside of squalor.
Housing supply provides some furniture and large appliances, but most are in short supply.
Housing types are mixed to further intermingle services and residential areas.
Housing types are mixed, with each block having at least two distinct lot sizes.
Housing Types Avg.
Housing types vary by lot size and form.
Housing units are classied according to building size, unit size, and number of occupants.
Housing units are doubles, triples and quads, with a small number of single units available.
Housing units are relatively large.
Housing units are single family dwellings and single units.
Housing units can be grouped at one end of a farm, on small lots, so most land stays open.
Housing units contain patient rooms, a day room and dining facilities.
Housing units range from traditional dorm rooms and suites to apartments.
All housing units containing one or more permanent residents are eligible for interview.
Some housing units are for hire.
Some housing units fill specific niches.
Some housing units have trees and grass.
A housing is a structure
Housing accompanied by some assistance allows seniors to remain independent as long as possible.
Housing Again is a site dedicated to putting affordable housing back on the public agenda.
Housing also asks for the student's hobbies and major area of studies.
Housing also has a set of six systems to repair or replace before the deadline.
Housing also offers student life.
Housing also provides specific guidelines regarding the use of alcohol in all resident areas.
Housing also remains an issue for farmworkers.
Housing also springs to mind.
Housing are human rights.
Housing are protective covering.
Housing are shelterings.
Housing are structures.
Housing becomes available on the first day of the program.
Housing becomes much more permanent.
Housing becomes something that no one prizes.
Housing becomes subordinated to other issues.
Housing begins the first day of the course.
Housing Buying a home can be a trying experience.
Housing can be a modern place suitable for ie.
Housing can be a non-escapable cage or aquarium.
Housing can be deceptive.
Housing can be difficult as there are few to choose from.
Housing can be difficult to find and can be expensive.
Housing can be difficult to find during certain times of the year.
Housing can be expensive and difficult to find on a short-term basis.
Housing can be expensive.
Housing can be hard to find too.
Housing can be in residential halls or suites.
Housing can be in ten gallon aquariums with a tight fitting lid.
Housing can be on campus, in town apartments, or with local families.
Housing can be pretty hard to find over here.
Housing can be quite cheep compared to many American cities just to mention one example.
Housing can be the choice of the hosting organization.
Housing can be very difficult to obtain due to low vacancy rates in Calgary.
Housing can contribute height and make the building more of a presence.
Housing can eat up two thirds of a student budget.
Housing can range from rural settings to subdivisions and is available at a wide range of prices.
Housing can range from very intensive controlled environmental units to low cost basic units.
Housing can reduce the effect of temperature.
Housing Check out the residence hall features.
Housing comes from the bush, and food is grown in the garden.
Housing commonly includes detached and semi-detached houses and flats .
Housing commonly includes detached and semi-detached houses and flats.
Housing completely encases socket.
Housing consists of a spartan but comfortable researh facility.
Housing consists of two double-winged units, day room areas, laundry rooms and staff offices.
Housing constitutes the single largest expenditure for most California families.
Housing continues to be an increasingly perplexing problem for the students.
Housing continues to do well.
Housing creates a concentration of resource use and needs, and waste outputs.
Housing Depending on the number of SOS participants, there are two main housing possibilities.
Housing depends on what housing student lives in, how many roommates, etc.
Housing designated for seniors only is exempt.
Housing designates portions of each college for summer storage only.
Housing directly shapes the character of the neighborhood.
Housing does conduct criminal history checks.
Housing encloses the open space, which has a small outlet to connect to the waterfront.
Housing encourages residents to walk with a friend or use the university escort service.
Housing features additional virtual tours and more . . . .
Housing fills up very quickly.
Housing Find a real esate agent.
Housing Find cheaper accommodation if necessary, or take in a boarder to share costs.
Housing Finding a comfortable place to live is an important aspect of college life.
Housing finish black powder coated with black wrinkle back.
Housing generally continues to be a bright spot in the economy.
Housing has many different purposes that it serves in our society.
Housing has to be erected for managers and estate workers.
Housing has to be part of the solution.
Housing has to reach for the highest common denominator.
Housing here is principally single family dwellings along the sides and on top of the bluffs.
Housing here is surprisingly affordable.
Housing here varies.
Housing hopes that no one has to pay the cancellation fee.
Housing includes a mirror to allow use of the camera viewing screen.
Housing includes a mix of townhomes and luxury single-family homes.
Housing includes all meals.
Housing includes bedding, linens and towels.
Housing includes breakfasts and evening meals every day and laundry.
Housing includes five major residence halls, with no more than two persons per room.
Housing includes kitchen and laundry privileges.
Housing includes many family homes, multi-family dwellings and condominium complexes.
Housing includes residence halls, special interest houses, condos, and suites.
Housing includes single family dwellings, duplexes, apartments, condominiums and mobile homes.
Housing includes single-family homes, condominiums and apartment complexes.
Housing includes single-family homes, townhouses, apartments and villas.
Housing includes standard dormitory accommodations with shared shower facilities.
Housing includes stately mansions, contemporary homes, apartments and luxury townhomes.
Housing includes three meals per day and laundry facilities.
Housing includes three meals per day.
Housing includes two meals per day, breakfast and dinner.
Housing includes washer, dryer and small kitchen.
Housing Injured animals require special housing arrangements.
Housing intends to install a third jack in rooms designated as triples.
Housing is a absolutely critical to the success of the District.
Housing is a basic human requirement.
Housing is a basic human right.
Housing is a basic necessity of life but is expensive to provide in a place like Britain.
Housing is a basic requirement for everyone.
Housing is a basic right for everybody.
Housing is a big issue as well as social contact.
Housing is a big issue.
Housing is a big item in a budget.
Housing is a bit expensive, but allowances are reasonable.
Housing is a classic example.
Housing is a complex subject.
Housing is a critical component of owning a healthy and safe pet rodent.
Housing is a critical expense.
Housing is a critical issue in the county, especially for young people.
Housing is a fundamental human right.
Housing is a great place to be.
Housing is a health issue, critical to a lot of other programs and problems.
Housing is a higher-value crop.
Housing is a huge dilemma.
Housing is a human right.
Housing is a key benefit.
Housing is a key component of quality of life.
Housing is a key element in each.
Housing is a key entry point into understanding how a community defines and develops itself.
Housing is a key factor in the economy.
Housing is a key issue in facilitating refugee return.
Housing is a leading economic indicator since it initiates further investments.
Housing is a little tricky sometimes, especially for the winter season.
Housing is a local issue and a national priority.
Housing is a major concern for most people moving to Nashville.
Housing is a major factor.
Housing is a major fixed expense.
Housing is a major issue.
Housing is a mandatory requirement in everyones life.
Housing is a mix of historic, older, and recently built homes.
Housing is a more difficult issue.
Housing is a possibility.
Housing is a precious commodity.
Housing is a pressing concern in New York City.
Housing is a primary interest for the city.
Housing is a primary ministry for emergency and interim care.
Housing is a priority concern of language minority families.
Housing is a private room with shared kitchen, bath and living area.
Housing is a problem in that area.
Housing is a real issue to attract a bigger labor force.
Housing is a right.
Housing is a service provided by the lab.
Housing is a significant segment of the construction market.
Housing is a small market, arguably over supplied with software packages.
Housing is a state and local problem, if it's a government problem at all.
Housing is a two-piece heavy duty die cast aluminum.
Housing is a very important and expensive item in budgets of low income families.
Housing is abundant and affordable for all paygrades.
Housing is abundant and affordable in all styles and sizes.
Housing is abundant, with many major builders competing for the new home buyer.
Housing is accessible to persons of all income levels.
Housing is accessible.
Housing is across the street from the venue.
Housing is additional.
Housing is adequate but simple.
Housing is affordable and abundant.
Housing is affordable and accessible.
Housing is affordable and good health care is accessible.
Housing is affordable and people want to be here.
Housing is affordable and the choices are abundant.
Housing is affordable and the cost of living is low.
Housing is affordable and the cost of living is relatively low.
Housing is affordable and there are many recreational opportunities nearby.
Housing is affordable and there is plenty to do in our capital city.
Housing is affordable and varied, ranging from country cottages through to town houses and flats.
Housing is affordable as well.
Housing is affordable in the Dallas area, and the school systems are good.
Housing is affordable in the Detroit area, and the school systems are good.
Housing is affordable, air is clean and crime is low.
Housing is affordable, and readily available.
Housing is affordable, and the job market is strong.
Housing is affordable, day care is reasonable and good, and the schools are well above average.
Housing is affordable, economic development is active.
Housing is affordable.
Housing is affordable-it is a great opportunity for a young family to get a good start.
Housing is all in one area, in a quiet location, a few minutes walk from the classrooms and the sea.
Housing is allocated according to rank.
Housing is allocated on a non-discriminatory basis.
Housing is allocated through a random lottery.
Housing is almost totally non-union now, especially in the valley area.
Housing is also a main concern.
Housing is also a problem.
Housing is also a rural issue.
Housing is also a very large share of most families' expenditures.
Housing is also available at local hotels.
Housing is also available at various hotels, motels, and campsites in the Prescott area.
Housing is also available for fall and winter months.
Housing is also available for foreign students.
Housing is also available for parents, family members and guests for an additional cost.
Housing is also available for students wishing to stay through the summer months.
Housing is also available in a number of privately owned apartments near the campus.
Housing is also available in cabins with cooking facilities.
Housing is also available in the community.
Housing is also available in the private sector.
Housing is also available in the residential areas that surround the campus.
Housing is also available in the surrounding area.
Housing is also available on campus, although it is limited.
Housing is also available on campus, in the Student Village.
Housing is also available on hospital grounds.
Housing is also available on or near the public or private golf courses.
Housing is also available on the campus to accommodate married students.
Housing is also available on-campus.
Housing is also available through hotels and rental units within walking distance of the university.
Housing is also available to all through programs put in place by the government.
Housing is also available via the general convention housing procedures.
Housing is also available.
Housing is also important.
Housing is also locally available.
Housing is also part of the human environment.
Housing is also part of urban design teaching.
Housing is also pricey.
Housing is also scarce.
Housing is always a challenging issue in the Central Valley.
Housing is always a very sensitive issue, as is homelessness.
Housing is an acute problem for every family.
Housing is an especially pressing issue for Wisconsin residents who have left welfare.
Housing is an excellent buy with tremendous value right now because margins are at an alltime low.
Housing is an important area to investigate when looking at graduate school.
Housing is an important component of economic development.
Housing is an important consideration when buying a hedgehog.
Housing is an important dimension of development both in economic as well as welfare terms.
Housing is an important issue to students.
Housing is an important part of the economy as well.
Housing is an industry that requires long-term finance.
Housing is an insurmountable problem for many of our clients.
Housing is an intentional community supporting learning in and out of the classroom.
Housing is an introduction to life on and off campus.
Housing is an issue around which opinions vary.
Housing is an issue that is quietly affecting America.
Housing is an obligation.
Housing is an obvious choice to be tackled first.
Housing is another important issue.
Housing is another issue linked to economic development.
Housing is another major consideration, tied in with size.
Housing is another once-strong sector that is likely to crack.
Housing is another place where there are strong strategies in place.
Housing is another thing that is unequal in America today.
Housing is another.
Housing is arranged by a local housing coordinator.
Housing is arranged by our staff.
Housing is arranged by the local affiliate site.
Housing is arranged by the program director for the European portion.
Housing is arranged by the program.
Housing is arranged by the school.
Housing is arranged for the students at nearby universities .
Housing is arranged for two people in a room.
Housing is arranged in an international student house or similar student accommodations.
Housing is arranged in private student accommodation.
Housing is arranged in Spanish homes.
Housing is arranged in the local neighborhood.
Housing is arranged in the university dormitory.
Housing is arranged individually with university assistance.
Housing is arranged separately by each student.
Housing is arranged with local host families or by the employer.
Housing is arranged with Martinician families.
Housing is arranged.
Housing is as simple as getting a home for everybody who needs one.
Housing is assigned as applications arrive.
Housing is assigned in order of registration dates and special needs considerations.
Housing is assigned in the order in which applications are received.
Housing is assigned in the order of payment received and if space is available.
Housing is assigned on a first come, first serve basis.
Housing is assigned on a first-come basis.
Housing is assigned on a first-come, first served basis, so apply promptly.
Housing is assigned on a priority basis according to date of application for admission.
Housing is assigned on a space available basis.
Housing is assigned on a space-available basis.
Housing is assigned primarily on the basis of immediate family needs.
Housing is assigned to new students in order of receipt of the residence hall application.
Housing is associated with diffusion of property ownership.
Housing is at a premium.
Housing is at student expense.
Housing is at the school.
Housing is attractive and comparatively inexpensive.
Housing is attractive and relatively inexpensive.
Housing is available all year.
Housing is available although sparse.
Housing is available and affordable at every level.
Housing is available and surprisingly affordable.
Housing is available as space permits.
Housing is available at a fraction of the cost of larger urban B.C. centres.
Housing is available at a minimal cost.
Housing is available at a reasonable rent.
Housing is available at all sites.
Housing is available at area hotels at discounted rates.
Housing is available at certain times of the year.
Housing is available at moderate rates when purchased.
Housing is available at modest prices.
Housing is available at reasonable rates.
Housing is available at the station.
Housing is available at three locations .
Housing is available both on campus and off campus in private apartments and houses.
Housing is available during break periods in the fall and spring semesters.
Housing is available during the academic year.
Housing is available during the summer in our air-conditioned residence halls and apartments.
Housing is available during the summer months.
Housing is available during the summer session for a limited number of students attending classes.
Housing is available during winter and spring breaks for an additional charge.
Housing is available for a limited number of students.
Housing is available for a reasonable fee.
Housing is available for a small fee.
Housing is available for all freshmen students.
Housing is available for all students.
Housing is available for an additional cost.
Housing is available for an additional fee.
Housing is available for both single and married students.
Housing is available for both undergraduate and graduate students.
Housing is available for employees only.
Housing is available for families.
Housing is available for freshmen, transfers, and parents.
Housing is available for full-time students.
Housing is available for individuals seeking an urban, suburban, small town or country feel.
Housing is available for intensive program students in furnished studio apartments.
Housing is available for male interns.
Housing is available for mature students as well as single parent students.
Housing is available for non-Caltech students working on campus during the summer.
Housing is available for out of state teams.
Housing is available for out of town interns.
Housing is available for participants ten years of age and older.
Housing is available for physician assistant residents.
Housing is available for purchase or rent at reasonable costs.
Housing is available for relocation or overnight stays.
Housing is available for reunion classes by residence hall.
Housing is available for seasonal employees.
Housing is available for short-term programs at very reasonable rates.
Housing is available for single staff or a married couple.
Housing is available for six, eight, ten and twelve-week periods.
Housing is available for student attendees.
Housing is available for students with special needs.
Housing is available for the elderly, the handicapped and low income families.
Housing is available for the summer session.
Housing is available for up to eight months.
Housing is available for visiting research and educational groups for a nominal fee.
Housing is available free of charge.
Housing is available from the day before classes until the day after courses end.
Housing is available from the first day of the arrival days.
Housing is available if needed.
Housing is available in a completely modern farm home by the day, week, month or for vacations.
Housing is available in a graduate dormitory.
Housing is available in a hospital-owned apartment complex across the street from the campus.
Housing is available in a hospital-owned house.
Housing is available in a variety of price ranges.
Housing is available in a wide range of prices, depending on location and age.
Housing is available in a wide range of styles and prices, in both old and new subdivisions.
Housing is available in a wide variety of older and newer homes.
Housing is available in all price ranges, with apartments and homes available for rent.
Housing is available in an on-campus apartment.
Housing is available in apartments and private homes.
Housing is available in apartments or private homes within walking distance of campus.
Housing is available in campus dormitories .
Housing is available in double occupancy rooms in residence halls.
Housing is available in every price range.
Housing is available in homestays, student residences or apartment shares.
Housing is available in nearby air-conditioned dormitories.
Housing is available in nearby communities, but there are no dormitory facilities on campus.
Housing is available in on-campus dormitories or in the community.
Housing is available in on-campus dorms and in local bed and breakfasts and hotels.
Housing is available in profession-style apartments in Northern Virginia.
Housing is available in residence halls and family housing units.
Housing is available in residence halls on campus.
Housing is available in surrounding communities.
Housing is available in the area within a range of costs.
Housing is available in the area.
Housing is available in the cabins on a first come first serve basis.
Housing is available in the city of Austin.
Housing is available in the hospital owned apartment complex.
Housing is available in the immediate area of Coos Bay.
Housing is available in the local community.
Housing is available in the newest air-conditioned residence hall.
Housing is available in the universities residence halls and apartments.
Housing is available in tradition residence halls and on-campus apartments.
Housing is available in urban, rural and suburban communities.
Housing is available in various categories at relatively low prices by European standards.
Housing is available near campus for couples and other students that wish to live off campus.
Housing is available nearby- click here for details .
Housing is available nearby, as well as grocery stores and shopping centers.
Housing is available on a first come, first serve basis.
Housing is available on a first come-first served basis.
Housing is available on a limited basis.
Housing is available on a rental basis.
Housing is available on a very limited basis.
Housing is available on an as-needed basis.
Housing is available on an unrestricted basis during the summer session.
Housing is available on campus and is the focal point for many extracurricular activities.
Housing is available on campus at a very reasonable rate.
Housing is available on campus at reduced rates but reservations are required.
Housing is available on campus for academy participants, except in Denver.
Housing is available on campus for all students, including transfer students.
Housing is available on campus for international students.
Housing is available on campus in air-conditioned, double rooms or campus apartments.
Housing is available on campus in residence halls and in married student apartments.
Housing is available on campus when courses are being held in New York City.
Housing is available on campus.
Housing is available on request.
Housing is available on the grounds of the museum.
Housing is available on the grounds.
Housing is available on-campus at very reasonable rates.
Housing is available only for the duration of the institutes.
Housing is available only when classes are in session.
Housing is available on-premise for all employees.
Housing is available Sun.-Thurs.
Housing is available through the program.
Housing is available throughout the Village of Cooperstown and the surrounding communities.
Housing is available to all externs in employee housing which is conveniently located near the club.
Housing is available to all students.
Housing is available to freshmen and sophomores who meet distance criteria.
Housing is available to full-time registered students only.
Housing is available to international students during the Thanksgiving and Spring Breaks.
Housing is available to meet any taste.
Housing is available to single students, married students, and students with dependents.
Housing is available under a variety of plans at different costs.
Housing is available upon request.
Housing is available which includes water front locations and near metropolitan shopping centers.
Housing is available with either host families or in apartments.
Housing is available with major shopping opportunities within a short drive.
Housing is available within walking distance of the campus.
Housing is available, and jobs are in abundance.
Housing is available, generally a seasonal efficiency apartment with a roommate.
Housing is available, with two new sub-divisions, and land for custom homes with acreage.
Housing is available.
Housing is awarded at the time of admission.
Housing is awarded on a first come-first served basis, so early admission is encouraged.
Housing is bad.
Housing is based on availability.
Housing is based on coach's discretion, availability, and performance.
Housing is based on double occupancy for each room.
Housing is based on double occupancy, limited to available apartments.
Housing is based on living on campus in a double room as a single.
Housing is based on supervisor recommendation.
Housing is best as a single pair to a flight, since they can be quarrelsome in the breeding season.
Housing is best in large tall enclosures.
Housing is both a process and product that supports and enhances human growth and development.
Housing is both above shops on the main street and on side streets.
Housing is both affordable and available in a wide variety of price ranges and styles.
Housing is both available and affordable.
Housing is both diverse and affordable.
Housing is bunkhouse style in two separate buildings with clean modern lavatories.
Housing is but one example.
Housing is by the student's own arrangement.
Housing is called a social utility.
Housing is celled space.
Housing is central to older people's lives.
Housing is central to the ability to move from dependency to self-sufficiency.
Housing is cheap by most standards.
Housing is cheap, but jobs and services are on the decline in the country.
Housing is cheap, plentiful and close to the campus.
Housing is cheap.
Housing is cheaper.
Housing is checked for straightness.
Housing is clearly a worthy place to start.
Housing is close to the instructional facilites.
Housing is co-ed, with the bathrooms designated either male or female.
Housing is coeducational in separate areas of the same residence hall.
Housing is comfortable and all amenities are nearby.
Housing is comprised of apartments near campus.
Housing is considered a bonus.
Housing is considered an exception to the rule.
Housing is constructed from unconventional building materials.
Housing is constructed of a solid, non-corrosive alloy.
Housing is constructed of all welded code gauge steel.
Housing is constructed of die cast heavy gauge aluminum.
Housing is contingent upon employment.
Housing is contracted for the semester.
Housing is contracted using a one year, renewable lease.
Housing is convenient but very expensive and limited.
Housing is coordinated by the resident director.
Housing is costly in the central city.
Housing is costly, low-cost housing scarce and rents are high.
Housing is covered and an expense allowance is given to interns.
Housing is crowded and unsafe.
Housing is definitely affordable.
Housing is deplorable.
Housing is depressed throughout the nation, with indications of a further weakening in store.
Housing is designed to allow the farmer to provide the best animal care.
Housing is diverse, attractive, abundant and affordable.
Housing is dormitory style and fully-furnished.
Housing is dormitory style.
Housing is dormitory suites with two rooms sharing a bath.
Housing is dorm-style with shared rooms and bathrooms.
Housing is double occupancy in a modern campus hotel facility.
Housing is double occupancy only and is limited to full conference participants.
Housing is double occupancy with separate floors assigned to males and females.
Housing is double occupancy.
Housing is economical, and there are multiple opportunities to purchase or rent a home.
Housing is efficient if there is no Industry adjacent.
Housing is either with families, in apartments or in hostels.
Housing is embedded in social and economic fabric of communities.
Housing is enthusiastic, too.
Housing is equipped with thermal protection, magnetic transformer and junction box.
Housing is essential to all animals, especially dogs.
Housing is essential to help individuals benefit from new drug treatments.
Housing is essential to that process.
Housing is even more fun.
Housing is everyone's concern.
Housing is expensive and can be hard to find.
Housing is expensive and difficult to find.
Housing is expensive here, so there is a shortage of local workers, in general.
Housing is expensive here.
Housing is expensive in Boulder.
Housing is expensive in Portland as is.
Housing is expensive, although currently housing costs are rapidly declining.
Housing is expensive, and it's going to become more expensive in future years.
Housing is expensive.
Housing is extremely limited.
Housing is extruded, anodized aluminum.
Housing is fairly difficult to obtain.
Housing is filled to accommodate the largest student enrollment in Gustavus history.
Housing is finished in a gun metal gray, anti-corrosion plating.
Housing is for both single people, couples and families.
Housing is for domestic farmworkers both migrant and year-round.
Housing is for full time staff.
Housing is for students only.
Housing is for students.
Housing is free for parents.
Housing is free if soldiers live on the post.
Housing is fundamental to the development of communities.
Housing is furnished as part of their wages.
Housing is generally affordable, despite a recent run-up in executive house prices.
Housing is generally available for all students who request it.
Housing is generally available for transfer applicants.
Housing is generally substandard.
Housing is generally the first sector to suffer when interest rates increase.
Housing is great and it's a real program.
Housing is guaranteed all four years and the majority of our students live on campus.
Housing is guaranteed all four years.
Housing is guaranteed for all first year students.
Housing is guaranteed for all four years.
Housing is guaranteed for all freshmen who meet the housing deadlines.
Housing is guaranteed for all international students and is available during school holidays.
Housing is guaranteed for all students requesting residence hall accomodations.
Housing is guaranteed for all students.
Housing is guaranteed for all years of study at Wesleyan.
Housing is guaranteed for any student.
Housing is guaranteed for first and second year students.
Housing is guaranteed for first-year students.
Housing is guaranteed for four years and is also available during vacations and summer.
Housing is guaranteed for four years.
Housing is guaranteed for freshman status students from outside the New Orleans metropolitan area.
Housing is guaranteed for freshmen but available only by lottery to upper classmen.
Housing is guaranteed for freshmen only.
Housing is guaranteed for freshmen, but limited for upper-class students.
Housing is guaranteed for international students.
Housing is guaranteed for the first two years.
Housing is guaranteed for the first year only.
Housing is guaranteed for the freshman year.
Housing is guaranteed for three years, and senior year housing is on a space-available basis.
Housing is guaranteed on most Georgetown programs.
Housing is guaranteed only for early and regular registrants.
Housing is guaranteed to all new students who apply by the deadlines listed.
Housing is guaranteed to all students both during the school year and during the summer.
Housing is guaranteed to first-year students who are willing to live anywhere on campus.
Housing is guaranteed to full-time undergraduate women for the duration of their time at Hood.
Housing is guaranteed to international students year-round.
Housing is hard to come by, or so it seems.
Housing is hard to find and is expensive.
Housing is health care.
Housing is heavy gauge, solid aluminum with black bronze powder coat.
Housing is highly technical, very costly, and full of red tape.
Housing is hinged for easy accessibility to mill interior.
Housing is housing.
Housing is important local capital, and foreign companies want to help out.
Housing is in a dormitory for international students and scholars.
Housing is in a group home usually.
Housing is in a hotel.
Housing is in a local penzione.
Housing is in a modern international residence facility.
Housing is in a school or community building in the heart of each community.
Housing is in a student residence in central Paris.
Housing is in air-conditioned bedrooms and there are no more than five campers in a room.
Housing is in an apartment in central London.
Housing is in an international student residence facility.
Housing is in apartments or dormitories.
Housing is in apartments with kitchen facilities.
Housing is in apartments with other program participants or with a Hungarian family.
Housing is in apartments with the option of taking meals at the university.
Housing is in bunkhouse style cabins with bath, or a camping area is available.
Housing is in bunkhouse style cabins with bath.
Housing is in bunkhouse style cabins with heat and bath.
Housing is in bunk-style cabins with plenty of storage space and showers.
Housing is in cabins or camping.
Housing is in chalet-style lodges in dormitory rooms accommodating four to eight persons.
Housing is in college dormitories.
Housing is in dormitories located on-campus with kitchen facilities.
Housing is in dormitories or with French families.
Housing is in dormitories or with host families.
Housing is in dormitories with French roommates or French families .
Housing is in dormitories with German roommates.
Housing is in dormitories with other students.
Housing is in dormitories.
Housing is in dormitory rooms.
Housing is in dormitory style rooms, two beds to a room, with a separate bath and shower.
Housing is in dorms with showers available.
Housing is in dorms.
Housing is in dorm-style residences.
Housing is in double rooms in a university dormitory.
Housing is in double rooms in dormitory-style residences.
Housing is in double-occupancy rooms.
Housing is in either university residence halls or in off-campus accommodations.
Housing is in French homes or student-residence halls.
Housing is in fully-furnished houses or house trailers.
Housing is in great demand.
Housing is in guest houses or foreign-student residence halls.
Housing is in heated dorms with bunk beds.
Housing is in high demand in the area.
Housing is in high demand.
Housing is in home stays.
Housing is in homestays with local families.
Housing is in hotels, and includes a home stay with a Japanese family.
Housing is in Indonesian homes.
Housing is in Japanese homes.
Housing is in newer, spacious, well furnished shared apartment.
Housing is in on-campus dormitories.
Housing is in on-campus dormitory.
Housing is in on-campus international student dormitory.
Housing is in place.
Housing is in residence halls, with families, or in apartments.
Housing is in residence halls.
Housing is in residential colleges.
Housing is in screened tents and cabins.
Housing is in separate cabins, which sleep up to eight campers.
Housing is in separate lodges, each having six separate rooms that sleep up to ten campers.
Housing is in separate lodges.
Housing is in shared apartments or dormitories.
Housing is in shared apartments with American and international students or in homestay families.
Housing is in shared rooms in furnished apartments.
Housing is in short supply and increasingly unaffordable to residents of low to moderate incomes.
Housing is in short supply and living conditions are poor.
Housing is in short supply, and many families live in very overcrowded conditions.
Housing is in single rooms in the university dormitory.
Housing is in student residence halls or with families.
Housing is in student residences on campus.
Housing is in the dormitories at Minnesota and private homes in Iceland.
Housing is in the downtown area within walking distance to shops and stores.
Housing is in the foreign student dormitory.
Housing is in the home of a Mexican host family and includes three meals a day.
Housing is in the homes of Dutch families and students take most of their meals with their hosts.
Housing is in the park cabins or camping.
Housing is in the residence for foreign students and meals are in the student cafeteria.
Housing is in university apartments with other international students.
Housing is in university dormitories or a local bed and breakfast.
Housing is in university dormitories, double occupancy.
Housing is in university residence hall suites and are self-catered.
Housing is in university residence halls.
Housing is in university residences or with host families.
Housing is inadequate, with as many as three or four families sharing single-family dwellings.
Housing is inadequate.
Housing is included as part of the compensation package.
Housing is included in program fee.
Housing is included in the program cost.
Housing is included.
Housing is increasingly the most difficult and important issue our region faces today.
Housing is inexpensive and living costs are low.
Housing is inexpensive and varied.
Housing is inexpensive in the surrounding areas.
Housing is inherently a state and local issue.
Housing is introduced by area, and catergorized according to the nearest station.
Housing is itself a product in most jurisdictions.
Housing is key to regeneration plans A significant number of people live in unfit dwellings.
Housing is less affordable for a growing number of families.
Housing is likewise crucial to stable low-income communities.
Housing is limited and assigned on a first-come basis.
Housing is limited both on and off-campus.
Housing is limited to two bunkrooms and one communal kitchen.
Housing is limited to two individuals with no pets.
Housing is limited, and during the winter months the workload decreases significantly.
Housing is limited, but available.
Housing is limited, but real estate is available for building sites.
Housing is limited, so sign up soon.
Housing is limited, work is scarce and it s often hard to find food.
Housing is limited.
Housing is listed by location.
Housing is located near all the Orlando major attractions.
Housing is made of heavy duty die cast aluminum.
Housing is mainly double bunk cubicles with unfenced perimeters.
Housing is mainly double bunk, open-bay wards with unfenced perimeters.
Housing is mainly in rustic screened cabins.
Housing is mainly tower block apartments around the city centre.
Housing is mass-produced and strictly segregated by income level.
Housing is merely one example.
Housing is molded from strong mineral and glass filled nylon.
Housing is more affordable and closer to mass transit.
Housing is more affordable and often more basic.
Housing is more easily available, and rentals are reasonable.
Housing is more plentiful than roommates.
Housing is more readily available and slightly cheaper in Santa Rosa.
Housing is more than a roof.
Housing is mostly in university dormitories.
Housing is mostly low-middle class and below.
Housing is much more than a bricks and mortar construct for shelter.
Housing is near the hospital and includes washing and drying facilities.
Housing is necessary because it provides the financing that makes everything else work.
Housing is needed for the guards.
Housing is NEW and includes all the normal standard features.
Housing is newer, with more single family homes.
Housing is no joke, especially in New York.
Housing is no longer an emotional issue alone.
Housing is now double and single cells as well as two dormitories.
Housing is now open.
Housing is of varying distances from the university.
Housing is off campus with internationals in either the marina or old city areas of the town.
Housing is off campus with other internationals.
Housing is off-campus.
Housing is offered based on availability.
Housing is offered in exchange for response and on-call duties.
Housing is offered on a space available basis.
Housing is often available for employees as well.
Housing is often limited.
Housing is often part of that abuse.
Housing is often the initial problem.
Housing is on a dirt floor cleaned every other day.
Housing is on a first come first-served basis.
Housing is on a first come, first serve basis.
Housing is on a priority basis, and help in finding off-campus housing is available.
Housing is on campus.
Housing is one key component of community development.
Housing is one key.
Housing is one of many factors.
Housing is one of many things to take into account when looking at schools.
Housing is one of people's most basic needs.
Housing is one of the biggest problems.
Housing is one of the few bright spots on today's economic horizon.
Housing is one of the largest components of the cost of living.
Housing is one of the main costs.
Housing is one of the mandatory elements of a city or county's general plan.
Housing is one of the most asked about topics during the admission process.
Housing is one sector of the economy where demand continues to push prices beyond inflation.
Housing is one.
Housing is only one part of the economy.
Housing is only part of the equation.
Housing is open year-round.
Housing is owned and allocated by the government.
Housing is paid for during the entire semester, even during the vacation week.
Housing is paramount.
Housing is part of reconciliation.
Housing is part of the program.
Housing is perhaps the most immediate issue homeless women face.
Housing is planned for both sides, along with a golf course at the far end.
Housing is planned, renovated or built with people as the first concern.
Housing is plentiful and affordable for both renters and buyers.
Housing is plentiful and affordable.
Housing is plentiful and varied.
Housing is plentiful in the Honolulu area and on the island of Oahu.
Housing is plentiful, and the job market is climbing.
Housing is plentiful, varied, and an excellent value.
Housing is plentiful.
Housing is poured cement, two story French looking things, with the bottom floor being the shop.
Housing is predominantly single family homes and small apartment buildings.
Housing is predominantly single family, with prices reflecting a degree of exclusivity.
Housing is primarily double bunk, cell type with some institutions having double-bunk cubicles.
Housing is primarily single-family homes with some condominiums and a couple of motels.
Housing is privarily double bunk, cell type with some institutions having double-bunk cubicles.
Housing is probably the most substantial and significant purchase that most people make.
Housing is provided above retail establishments.
Housing is provided and as well as a transportation stipend.
Housing is provided and groups prepare their own meals.
Housing is provided and summer stipends are available.
Housing is provided and travel expenses are reimbursed.
Housing is provided and, in some cases, so is the cost of utilities.
Housing is provided as a condition of employment.
Housing is provided at each location for an intensive, residential learning experience.
Housing is provided at no cost to the resident.
Housing is provided at no cost to the student.
Housing is provided at no cost.
Housing is provided at some farms.
Housing is provided at the hospital.
Housing is provided at the program site.
Housing is provided at the reserve or in an apartment in Quito.
Housing is provided at the Tallahassee site.
Housing is provided by host families.
Housing is provided by local hotels and motels.
Housing is provided by the host institution for lecturers.
Housing is provided by the host institution.
Housing is provided by the host.
Housing is provided by the landowner on the plantation.
Housing is provided by the landowner, enabling the caretaker to live rent-free.
Housing is provided by the local Mexican Christian families and churches.
Housing is provided by the theatre.
Housing is provided during the length of the internship.
Housing is provided during the training in Texas.
Housing is provided for a limited number of students through two on-campus facilities.
Housing is provided for a variety of income levels.
Housing is provided for all except commuter participants.
Housing is provided for all staff members.
Housing is provided for international students during vacation periods.
Housing is provided for international students.
Housing is provided for single students only.
Housing is provided for students in various hotels within easy walking distance of the school.
Housing is provided for students in various pensioni within easy walking distance of the school.
Housing is provided for students nearby in the town of Carmichaels.
Housing is provided for students who live outside the Metropolitan area.
Housing is provided for students.
Housing is provided for the entire summer.
Housing is provided for the full duration of the spring semester program in Rome.
Housing is provided for the student only .
Housing is provided for the students as well as access to many other benefits.
Housing is provided for the Summer Session.
Housing is provided for up to twenty-four months.
Housing is provided free of charge to our crew members.
Housing is provided free.
Housing is provided if needed at no additional cost.
Housing is provided if needed.
Housing is provided in a combination of homestays and hostels.
Housing is provided in a group living arrangement.
Housing is provided in a nice appartment located approximately ten miles from the hospital.
Housing is provided in a six-story dormitory.
Housing is provided in a special foreign guesthouse owned by the university.
Housing is provided in a student apartment complex.
Housing is provided in an A-frame cabin at the ranger station.
Housing is provided in an A-frame cabin located at the ranger station.
Housing is provided in an apartment complex in Oak Ridge.
Housing is provided in an apartment over the local rescue squad.
Housing is provided in apartment style units with one to three bedrooms.
Housing is provided in church basements and youth hostels.
Housing is provided in comfortable, well-equipped apartments or dormitories.
Housing is provided in dormitory accommodation.
Housing is provided in dorms or with homestay families with a monthly stipend.
Housing is provided in downtown Natchez.
Housing is provided in either a cabin or tepee.
Housing is provided in four-person cabins.
Housing is provided in four-person rooms, with two sets of bunk beds per room.
Housing is provided in homestays or boarding houses.
Housing is provided in homestays or one of the university dormitories.
Housing is provided in homestays with Costa Rican families.
Housing is provided in homestays with local families.
Housing is provided in homestays with Russian families, who provide breakfast and dinner each day.
Housing is provided in moderate hotels.
Housing is provided in our apartment style residence halls equipped with kitchens.
Housing is provided in private residences.
Housing is provided in residence halls.
Housing is provided in self-catering residence halls.
Housing is provided in shared apartments throughout the central area of the city.
Housing is provided in shared apartments with Italian roommates.
Housing is provided in shared apartments.
Housing is provided in single rooms in a student residence with kitchen facilities.
Housing is provided in student residence halls throughout the city.
Housing is provided in terms of homestay for our international students.
Housing is provided in the dormitory on campus.
Housing is provided in the residence halls for students who meet college residency requirements.
Housing is provided in well-maintained, comfortable university residence halls.
Housing is provided on a first-come basis.
Housing is provided on a non-discriminatory basis.
Housing is provided on campus at a reduced cost.
Housing is provided on the estate that houses the company.
Housing is provided on the Farm, in a group living environment, with communal kitchen facilities.
Housing is provided on the Farm, in a group living environment, with communal kitchen, facilities.
Housing is provided only during the program.
Housing is provided or subsidized.
Housing is provided through apartment living.
Housing is provided through seven men's and six women's dormitories.
Housing is provided to participating students and faculty in a dorm on the central campus.
Housing is provided with homestays.
Housing is provided with host families or in university-owned apartments.
Housing is provided with Mexican families.
Housing is provided, but grantee is responsible for utilities.
Housing is provided, dependent on dates and availability.
Housing is provided, usually with families in the host country.
Housing is provided, usually with local families.
Housing is provided.
Housing is quite abundant.
Housing is quite affordable as well.
Housing is quite affordable, particularly for young families, and the crime rate is low.
Housing is readily available at prices far below the national average.
Housing is readily available for purchase and for rent.
Housing is readily available for purchase or rent.
Housing is readily available in Washington and the surrounding suburbs of Maryland and Virginia.
Housing is readily available on campus and nearby.
Housing is readily available with the majority of apartments within walking distance of the school.
Housing is readily available, for rent or purchase.
Housing is readily available, to rent or purchase, with efficient services.
Housing is really up to the individual.
Housing is really, really cheap.
Housing is reasonable and widely available.
Housing is reasonably plentiful and quite accessible to campus.
Housing is Red.
Housing is refunded on a pro-rated basis regardless of the session.
Housing is regulated by the province and municipalities.
Housing is relatively expensive out here be prepared.
Housing is relatively inexpensive and readily available.
Housing is relatively inexpensive and the cost of living is lower than many other metroplexes.
Housing is ridiculous.
Housing is rigidly single-gender.
Housing is robust.
Housing is rudimentary and much of the pampa lacks water, electricity and sanitation facilities.
Housing is rustic but reasonably comfortable.
Housing is safe, affordable, energy and resource efficient, and available to all.
Housing is scarce and expensive.
Housing is scarce and insecure near garment factories in Bangladesh.
Housing is scarce in Prague, a leftover of central planning.
Housing is scarce, and exorbitant real estate costs can make buying a home prohibitive.
Housing is scarce, so it is important to fill out request forms promptly.
Housing is separate and the responsibility of the participants.
Housing is set to be one of the new government's more challenging areas.
Housing is set up a doubles.
Housing is shared and five minutes distance on foot.
Housing is shared and meals are served family style.
Housing is shared with other employees.
Housing is short.
Housing is simple.
Housing is simply unavailable for many of the poor.
Housing is single sex by floor.
Housing is slightly more affordable outside of downtown Oakland.
Housing is sometimes available for an employee.
Housing is somewhere in the middle.
Housing is still a critical issue in Central Vermont, at all levels.
Housing is still a problem as are health services, legal protection and education for the blacks.
Housing is still a problem.
Housing is still affordable, relative to the Seattle area, but it is also growing in stature.
Housing is still affordable.
Housing is still the big issue.
Housing is still to be negotiated.
Housing is still very strong.
Housing is subsidized when the government pays part of the tenant's rent or mortgage.
Housing is substandard, and maintenance calls are answered very slowly when problems occur.
Housing is substandard.
Housing is substantially roomier than any competative product.
Housing is supervised with a counselor in each apartment.
Housing is supported by low mortgage costs.
Housing is supposed to be self-sufficient.
Housing is taden care of for next year, but if a large class enrolls a housing crunch is possible.
Housing is the backbone of our society.
Housing is the best department to look for positions.
Housing is the best use of Fort Douglas lands and facilities.
Housing is the first foundation stone to build on for long-term settlement.
Housing is the first priority, because it is nearly impossible to maintain employment without it.
Housing is the first priority.
Housing is the killer.
Housing is the largest of the social assets owned by Russian enterprises.
Housing is the last choice, and low-income rental housing is the worst.
Housing is the most affordable in the Valley, but has been increasing at a rapid rate.
Housing is the number one concern in Skagway.
Housing is the responsibility of students.
Housing is the responsibility of the individual registrant.
Housing is the responsibility of the intern.
Housing is the responsibility of the participant and is separate from the conference registration .
Housing is the responsibility of the student.
Housing is the second area where there have been changes.
Housing is the second largest discretionary program.
Housing is the single greatest monthly expense for most homeowners.
Housing is the single largest budget item for most families.
Housing is the single most important asset of all families.
Housing is tight but it can be had.
Housing is tight in one of the small towns, particularly for seasonal workers.
Housing is treated, corrosion-resistant steel with white powder coated finish.
Housing is two girls to a room - single beds for each.
Housing is two persons to a room in single beds for each.
Housing is two persons to a room in single beds.
Housing is typical commuter spanning a wide range of values.
Housing is typically the most substantial portion of a family s budget.
Housing is unaffordable.
Housing is unspeakable.
Housing is usually a major concern for students.
Housing is usually available to students within a week.
Housing is usually in apartments.
Housing is usually linear, back to back and terraced.
Housing is usually much more difficult to obtain in the fall than in the spring.
Housing is usually two to a room.
Housing is varied in style and price, with many homes on one or two acre lots.
Housing is varied, with a variety of options available.
Housing is very adequate, and meals are, by every standard, exceptional.
Housing is very affordable and all married and several single residents own their own homes.
Housing is very affordable and the town has many amenities to offer.
Housing is very affordable by California standards.
Housing is very affordable in comparison to other homes on the east coast of Florida.
Housing is very affordable in the City, County, and the Kentucky Lake Area.
Housing is very affordable throughout the entire Las Vegas area.
Housing is very affordable.
Housing is very cheap.
Housing is very difficult in Bethel.
Housing is very easy.
Housing is very expensive and there are a lot of very big houses built on some very small lots.
Housing is very expensive because of the number of people employed in the area.
Housing is very expensive.
Housing is very hard to find here.
Housing is very important.
Housing is very inexpensive.
Housing is very limited for families of four or more people.
Housing is very limited.
Housing is very scarce.
Housing is very substandard and overcrowded.
Housing is virtually the only economic sector that remains a bright spot.
Housing is vitally dependent upon the natural resource of water in a community.
Housing is wheelchair accessible on access levels only.
Housing is where jobs go to spend the night.
Housing is where much Texas wood ends up.
Housing is with a Costa Rican host family.
Housing is with a host family in Vienna.
Housing is with a Parisan home, breakfast is included.
Housing is with centrally-located German families.
Housing is with Colombian families.
Housing is with Danish and international students.
Housing is with Ecuadorian families.
Housing is with families in Bucharest.
Housing is with families in Harare, the capital of Zimbabwe.
Housing is with families or in a university dormitory.
Housing is with families or in student foyers.
Housing is with families to maximize the contact with the culture and language.
Housing is with families, in residence halls, or in apartments.
Housing is with families.
Housing is with French families.
Housing is with French host families in Paris.
Housing is with host families for the duration of the program.
Housing is with host families.
Housing is with Hungarian families.
Housing is with Irish families where students take breakfast and dinners.
Housing is with Irish families where students take breakfasts and dinners.
Housing is with Italian families.
Housing is with local families.
Housing is with local host families.
Housing is with Spanish host families.
Housing is with the host families.
Housing is with the other participants sharing household responsibilities.
Housing is with Turkish families in urban and rural settings.
Housing is with Zimbabwean families in the village and Harare.
Housing is within a half-mile of the edge of the land.
Housing is within walking distance or with easy access to public transportation to classes.
Housing is within walking distance or with easy access to rapid public transportation to classes.
Housing is within walking distance to classes or within easy access to rapid public transportation.
Housing is within walking distance to office.
Housing is within walking distance to the university.
Housing is, of course, a big consideration.
Housing Keep as for bearded dragons.
Housing leads the way out of recessions.
Housing Leased housing is very limited, most members live on the economy.
Housing Let's tackle the housing issue first.
Housing literally opens the door to so many opportunities.
Housing Living with German hosts during the term is an integral part of the program.
Housing maintains the student living areas in the dorms and campus apartments.
Housing makes every attempt to follow proper fire safety guidelines.
Housing needs all the help it can get.
Housing needs assessments' are now a required part of every good local authority housing strategy.
Housing needs assessments are underway for displaced victims.
Housing needs to be appropriate, affordable and available.
Housing needs to be integrated into the community.
Housing needs to be more locally controlled, better managed, and more effectively provided.
Housing needs to finance itself, so that is one issue.
Housing needs to include rental and ownership, from affordable to luxury levels.
Housing needs to know where the nests are so they can kill all of the stray insects.
Housing occurs down to near the edge of water.
Housing offered by the authority for migrant workers is tight.
Housing offers a worthwhile career.
Housing offers employment in laundry services, commons desks, and the residence halls.
Housing Only Delivers full-featured hotel room block management and reservation processing services.
Housing operates government housing, and seeks housing support from the local civilian community.
Housing pays an outside recycling company to process the dorms' recyclables.
Housing Place the calf in an individual pen.
Housing plays a key role in urban renewal and local regeneration.
Housing promise to be broken.
Housing protects animals from predators, disease, and bad weather or extreme climate.
Housing Provide less housing than on current trends, with a mixed sub-regional approach.
Housing provides a necessary foundation for university education.
Housing provides an important application for new assistive technologies.
Housing Provides information about housing.
Housing provides information about student housing opportunities at our four college locations.
Housing provides information about student housing opportunities.
Housing provides only the living room phone at no cost to the student.
Housing provides PC systems in some dormitories.
Housing provides shelter for the population and ensures citizens' happiness.
Housing ranges from available hotels to guest houses.
Housing ranges from dormitory to camping style with no utilities.
Housing ranges from high-rise condominiums to homes in rustic canyons.
Housing ranges from independent living to assisted living.
Housing ranges from modest to magnificent.
Housing ranges from one bedroom apartments to large, single family homes.
Housing ranges from residence halls to apartments and townhouse living.
Housing ranges from single-family dwellings to apartment buildings and duplexes.
Housing ranges from stately Victorian homes to modern split-levels.
Housing ranges from two five-star hotels to farmhouse cottages.
Housing ranges from villas to slums, with slums being dominant.
Housing receives lots of attention and resources in states that have good systems of community care.
Housing receives special treatment under the rules for the means-tested pension.
Housing remains a central issue for urban policy.
Housing remains a critical factor in reducing stress.
Housing remains a major problem with little likelihood of meeting self-imposed deadlines.
Housing remains amongthe most affordable in the country, and the crime rate is low.
Housing remains one of the hottest areas of the real estate market.
Housing remains severely depressed everywhere, but some districts report incipient improvement.
Housing remains something to dream about.
Housing remains very affordable in comparison to Seattle to the north.
Housing remains very affordable in Comparison to the Seattle market.
Housing represents for everyone the center of the private existence.
Housing requiring a car to reach home can never be affordable.
Housing runs the gamut from beautifully renovated town homes to inexpensive, spacious lofts.
Housing runs the gamut from luxury villas and modest garden homes to townhouses and mobile homes.
Housing Secure the housing to a vertical surface by using the two self tapping screws provided.
Housing Select the name of the resource from the listing to jump to a short description.
Housing stays open during vacation at no extra charge.
Housing suffers from two further weaknesses as an investment.
Housing supports retail.
Housing tends to be much more dense.
Housing tends toward a sub-standard level.
Housing There are ample apartments and houses to rent and purchase.
Housing There are approx.
Housing There are no residence halls or dormitories on the campus.
Housing There are very nice duplex houses available for officers located on Trumbo point.
Housing there is relatively expensive.
Housing too is at a premium.
Housing tracks the housing applicant through the assignment and housing charge process.
Housing Try to find roommates to share the rent and ensure all occupants sign the lease .
Housing Try to find roommates to share the rent.
Housing typically involves a home-stay with a family in the community.
Housing uses durable silicone seal-rings with tempered glass port.
Housing varies according to climate and building materials.
Housing varies according to country.
Housing varies from historical older homes, to new subdivisions, city or rural.
Housing varies from middle class to poor.
Housing varies from place to place since accommodation schemes are different per host institution.
Housing varies from program to program.
Housing varies from simple accommodation to modern flats, town houses and large detached residences.
Housing wait varies, so call ahead.
Housings are available for new applications.
Housings are available in nickel-plated brass or stainless steel.
Housings are available in nine sizes.
Housings are available in plastic, bronze, and stainless steel versions.
Housings are high temperature and impact resistant.
Housings are larger and require more time to assemble than amphibious cameras.
Housings are of high strength aluminum die castings.
Housings are of high strength aluminum hard anodized for maximum corrosion protection.
Housings are reversible for required rotation.
Housings are stainless steel.
Housings can fill with water and freeze solid.
Housing often is company owned and tied to the job.
All housing also includes basic cable television service.
All housing includes breakfast.
All housing includes stove, refrigerator and local telephone service.
All housing is a ten-minute walk from campus.
All housing is air-conditioned.
All housing is assigned in the order of application.
All housing is based on availability.
All housing is based upon availability.
All housing is confirmed prior to arrival.
ALL housing is covered under the Fair Housing Act with regard to advertising.
All housing is dormitory style.
All housing is double occupancy.
All housing is in north central London.
All housing is in six-bed open bays.
All housing is linked to campus by bus routes.
All housing is located within a few minutes walk from the boathouse.
All housing is modern and comfortable ranging from detached houses to town houses.
All housing is no longer as convenient to the main campus.
All housing is non-smoking.
All housing is off-campus and is arranged by the school.
All housing is off-campus.
All housing is on a first-come priority basis.
All housing is self-catering and kitchen facilities are available.
All housing is shared.
All housing is single rooms with shared kitchen and bath facilities.
All housing is subject to availability.
All housing is within a few minutes walk of the academic and administrative buildings.
All housing is within an easy walk of campus and downtown.
All housings die cast magnesium.
All housings feature concealed assembly screws.
All housings provide aperture and zoom control, or focus control for manual lenses.
More housing is built.
More housing is needed for people with disabilities.
More housing is needed for the well elderly, and more beds are needed for the frail.
Most housing has attic reserve water tanks.
Most housing is a short walk from the central dining, bath house and practice facilities.
Most housing is air-conditioned.
Most housing is arranged for the group.
Most housing is assigned by form.
Most housing is constructed by the inhabitants themselves.
Most housing is double occupancy.
Most housing is for two people.
Most housing is in double-occupancy cabins with bathrooms close by.
Most housing is located close to public transport and shops.
Most housing is on a first come first serve basis.
Most housing is shared.
Most housing is single-family.
Most housing is woodframe.
Some housing currently is available.
Some housing has kitchen facilities for personal use.
Some housing is also available in the residential area surrounding the campus.
Some housing is available after freshman year.
Some housing is available at the site.
Some housing is available for married students.
Some housing is available on a first come basis for seasonal and permanent employees.
Some housing is available on a first come basis.
Some housing is available within bicycling or walking distance of the campus.
Some housing is available.
Some housing is availableon a first come basis.
Some housing is provided as a condition of employment.
Some housing is very basic and other housing is extremely nice.
Some housing is wheelchair-accessible.
Houston police deal with incidents.
Houston police deal with similar incidents.
Houston toads exist in counties.
Houston isa thing.
Hovden apartments lie approx.
A hovel is shelter
Hovel refers to the barn in lumber camps.
Hoven soils are in depressions.
Hovenweep soils lack argillic horizons, and overlie shale.
Hover buttons are really cool.
Hover checks verify the amount of torque required to hover in ground effect.
Hover flies are a common insect.
Hover flies are actually good guys in the garden.
Hover flies feed on the nectar of flowers as well as the honeydew secreted by aphids.
Hover helper Make text respond to the cursor.
A hovercraft is a craft
Hovercrafts are cars with gravity hovering.
HoW is a nice offering from Black Isle Studios.
Howard lake is a very good largemouth bass lake.
A howdy is a greeting
Howdy is ceramic and is nicely detailed.
Howdy is pictured on the bottom.
A howitzer is a cannon
Howitzers are special because they're made to fire higher than a cannon but lower than a mortar.
Howitzers fire a heavy shell in a high-trajectory from a short barrel .
Howitzers fire a heavy shell in a high-trajectory from a short barrel.
A howl is an utterance
Howl isa auditory communication.
Howls are used to keep in touch with other coyotes in the area.
Howls have (part) speech sound.
Some howls are confrontational.
Some howls are low and mournful like the one below.
A howler monkey is a monkey
Howler monkeys eat leaves and fruit.
Howler monkeys feed on immature leaves.
Howler monkeys feed on leaves.
Howler monkeys have calls.
Howler monkeys have diets.
Howler monkeys have features.
Howler monkeys have glands.
Howler monkeys have necks.
Howler monkeys have prehensile tails.
Howler monkeys have tails.
Howler monkeys have unique features.
Howler monkeys include invasive mammals.
Howler monkeys include mammals.
Howler monkeys reach height.
Howler monkeys reach maturity.
Howler monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Howler monkeys use tails.
Most howler monkeys feed on immature leaves.
Most howler monkeys feed on leaves.
Most howler monkeys have calls.
Most howler monkeys have diets.
Most howler monkeys have features.
Most howler monkeys have glands.
Most howler monkeys have necks.
Most howler monkeys have prehensile tails.
Most howler monkeys have tails.
Most howler monkeys have unique features.
Most howler monkeys reach height.
Most howler monkeys reach maturity.
Most howler monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Some howler monkeys eat figs.
Some howler monkeys eat leaves.
Some howler monkeys have infants.
Some howler monkeys have short snouts.
Some howler monkeys have throats.
Some howler monkeys occur in mangroves.
Some howler monkeys play roles.
A howler is a joke
Howler isa monkey.
Howlers also boast a prehensile tail.
Howlers are able to create such loud and specific sounds by specific body shape and structures.
Howlers are also selective with re- spect to which individual trees of a species they use for food.
Howlers are arboreal, mainly diurnal forest dwellers.
Howlers are blunder.
Howlers are famous for the incredible vocalizations made by adult males.
Howlers are good swimmers, have excellent vision and can see up to one-half a mile.
Howlers are good swimmers.
Howlers are large and robust monkeys with prehensile tails and bearded faces.
Howlers are large monkeys with prehensile tails and bearded faces.
Howlers are strict vegetarians, eating only flowers, fruits and leaves.
Howlers are unique in their appearance.
Howlers are very fast, extremely resilient, and highly talented at combat.
Howlers are very territorial.
Howlers can reach up to four feet and fifty pounds, with a life-span of possibly thirty years.
Howlers eat madera negra leaves.
Howlers eat mainly top canopy leaves , together with fruit , buds, flowers , and nuts .
Howlers eat mostly leaves, but occasionally supplement their diet with fruit and maggots.
Howlers eat nearly all available plant parts in their habitats.
Howlers generally feed on half-fruits and leave the rest in drain.
Howlers have (part) brains.
Howlers have (part) breasts.
Howlers have (part) cell membranes.
Howlers have (part) cells.
Howlers have (part) chest cavities.
Howlers have (part) chests.
Howlers have (part) corpi.
Howlers have (part) cytoplasm.
Howlers have (part) ears.
Howlers have (part) faces.
Howlers have (part) heads.
Howlers have (part) nuclei.
Howlers have (part) pedal extremities.
Howlers have (part) piluses.
Howlers have (part) plasma membranes.
Howlers have (part) rib cages.
Howlers have (part) sections.
Howlers have (part) skulls.
Howlers have (part) sterna.
Howlers have (part) vacuoles.
Howlers have (part) vertebrate feet.
Howlers have a long prehensile tail and short snout.
Howlers have both natural and human-induced threats to their existence.
Howlers have excellent vision and can see up to one-half a mile.
Howlers have prehensile tails which are used mostly for balance or a sense of security.
Howlers live high up in the forest canopy.
Howlers live in family groups of from five to twenty.
Howlers live in groups with more than one male.
Howlers live in the canopies of lowland and montane forests.
Howlers live in troops of one male with many females.
Howlers select the fruit they eat by color as well as scent.
Howlers simply let others know they are around.
Howlers often begin and end their days by roaring.
Most howlers are larger animals but are very slow to move.
Some howlers consume diets.
Some howlers consume leaves.
Some howlers eat flowers.
Some howlers eat leaves.
Some howlers have short snouts.
Some howlers have snouts.
Some howlers occupy habitats.
Some howlers prefer habitats.
Some howlers show differences.
Howto auto create tables and fields.
Howto section is updated as often as possible, so check it out sometimes.
Hox expression is still labile while being established.
Hoxworth supplies comes from carefully screened volunteer donors.
A hoya is a vine
Hoyas are native to India, Java, South China, Philippines and New Guinea and Australia.
Hoyle rules provide unprecedented challenge and realism.
HPCN technology provides the necessary computing power behind the system.
HPV infection spreads easily and is very common among sexually active people.
HPVM source Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
HR department notifies the employees about the great new benefit.
HR departments face.
HR departments have their focus on people.
HR departments have to be cautious.
HR departments know the company's dynamics and idiosyncrasies.
HR departments plan for the timely and cost-effective hiring, firing and development of employees.
HR departments serve as staff departments.
HR departments spend more time accommodating individual manager and employee needs.
HR departments tend to be clueless.
Most HR departments become collections of rules that continue to grow in size and complexity.
HR technology cuts across the entire enterprise.
A hr is unit of time
HR allocates minimal resources towards the management of student employment on campus.
HR also maintains department employee records.
HR also provides recruitment materials to distribute at conferences.
HR also supports management in executing the organization's strategy.
HR also tracks support and non-support visitors throughout the system.
HR appreciates the suggestion.
HR attends to put our much more draconian interpretations than the actual policy.
HR becomes the hub of that information collection.
HR can also help with reference checks and such.
HR can be the principal voice for heightened responsibility and heightened awareness.
HR can have a class.
HR can have various attributes which control the width, height and shading of the rule.
HR can help answer questions and provide background information.
HR can help ensure that mergers succeed and that new global markets are opened.
HR can offer classes at all levels, including remedial.
HR can see the steps that each employee has completed.
HR collects the application and affirmative action information from each interviewed candidate.
HR conducts cross-maps of industry trends and performance assessments to create a training roadmap.
HR contacts the hiring manager to begin the hiring process.
HR continues to train supervisors and managers on the new compensation plan.
HR Determine the dollar value of the vacation hours contributed.
HR develops and manufactures engineered motion systems and components.
HR directly prop.
HR does some prescreening.
HR encompasses many areas which promotes a broad knowledge base and well-roundedness.
HR files a copy in the employee's personnel file.
HR generally represents college age individuals' threshold intensity for training improvement.
HR gets many phone calls and e-mail messages from applicants asking whether a job has been filled.
HR goes to almost a dozen job fairs each year, largely at universities.
HR has a new communications plan that is being refined and implemented.
HR has a role to play in providing that.
HR has a very difficult job.
HR has authority over some positions that can be approved on campus.
HR has it all backwards.
HR has nothing to do with charging instructions.
HR has some very dramatic changes in the new version.
HR has to become a champion of developing leadership and management skills.
HR has two types of major responsibilities.
HR informs the supervisor and employee of approval for medical and family leaves.
HR is a common reaction taking place in response to incompatible pathogens.
HR is a cost center to most organizations.
HR is a huge driver.
HR is a key for delivering results.
HR is a very diverse field and extremely hard to define.
HR is a very dynamic field.
HR is among the areas most heavily outsourced.
HR is an integral part of any business activity and integral to the success of any organization.
HR is as integral as financial in establishing a long-term strategy.
HR is at the forefront of corporate decision making.
HR is available for advisement on actions that are nongrievable.
HR is called upon to do so much police work, so much that is controlling.
HR is ear of company outside of the hierarchy.
HR is full of fads.
HR is in the process of reviewing policy for revision.
HR is issued quarterly, with a press run of ca.
HR is like the special-ed class of the corporate world.
HR is low.
HR is probably the least people-oriented field out there.
HR is proof of concept.
HR is ready and willing to do the training.
HR is really the customer service for employees.
HR is responsible for extending all offers of employment for classified staff positions .
HR is schizophrenic.
HR is staffed by nice people.
HR is stated to manage directives other than rules or technical standards.
HR is the heart and soul of organization.
HR is the horizontal rule tag and is used to draw a horizontal line across the screen.
HR is the light line across the page above.
HR is the organizational catalyst for shaping organizational climate.
HR is the two-digit GMT hour when the air sample was collected.
HR is there to get people to conform across the board, and that is a big problem.
HR is used to draw horizontal rules across the browser window.
HR is usually in full recruiting mode, especially if budget approvals expire at the end of the year.
HR maintains strict confidentiality on all applicants submitting transfer requests or resumes.
HR meets finance, etc.
HR needs to determine the behavior leading up to the incident and what occurred directly afterward.
HR needs to ensure it is applied correctly to org structure.
HR needs to focus on adding value to the organization.
HR owns improving the existing performance appraisal criteria.
HR performs salary comparisons to ensure internal equity is maintained.
HR places a line, or horizontal rule, across the page.
HR promotes policies and programs that support healthy and productive employees.
HR provides a wide array of workforce management features.
HR provides commonly asked questions and answers about their program.
HR provides employees to fill temporary staffing needs for the campus and medical center.
HR reaches out and touches everyone in the company.
HR relies on significant regions of homology to faithfully repair DSBs.
HR requires name to be recorded exactly as it is on social security card.
HR scripts a good model to follow.
HR sets up times separately.
HR supports the manager by acting as a consultant and resource.
HR then approves the choices and ships the package to the insurance company and other providers.
HR then makes report and recommendation to appropriate administrator.
HR tracks receipt.
HR wants to be in the loop for all hiring and deal with as few vendors as possible.
HR works to find free or low cost recruiting sources appropriate to the position.
HR works with the hiring manager to gather as much information as possible about the open position.
HRs are a measure of central adaptation to training.
HRs are responsible for having a thorough knowledge of resources and services on campus.
HRs are the immediate referral persons for the resident advisors.
HRs observe and communicate situations with a potential for trouble to the appropriate staff.
HR often fails to act or makes the situation worse for the target, survey participants say.
HR often fills staff level positions through temporary agencies.
HRD classes are still available through the fall semester.
All HRD instruction is FREE .
HRD offices are an example since they advise companies on their knowledge management.
HRD professionals have a poor history of applying technology to their craft.
HRD strategy can radically turn around a failing business.
HRD strategy causes results to flow throughout the organisation.
HRD work requires such collaborative effort.
Many HRDQ titles have international appeal.
HRES personnel can also provide assistance regarding diversity and inclusion issues.
HRMC institutions combine to become one of the city s largest employers.
All HRMT majors are eligible for membership.
HRPT data is broadcast continuously by the satellite for reception by the HRPT stations.
HRPT format includes all scientific and calibration data.
HRPT users can order re-projected and calibrated images.
HRS collects vacancy announcements from a variety of sources and are adding new sources daily.
HRS communicates with supervisory personnel when individual evaluations are due.
HRS comprises just over twenty percent of U.S. wheat exports.
HRS derives core data on scientists and engineers from three biennial surveys.
HRS is on schedule for replaning.
HRS mails self identification form.
HRS maintains records relating to unemployment compensation claims.
HRS offers a cost effective answer to the traditional search fee systems.
HRS provides listings of both local housing opportunities and people who are looking for housing.
HRS provides products and services for commercial and government communications markets.
HRS provides programs that calculate vacation and sick leave accruals.
HRS sends self-identification form and acknowledgment letter to candidates.
HS boiler is automatic oil fired.
Most HS fields are HS football fields and have markings.
Hs place is headquarters for the auto public of Armstrong.
HS production is lower in saltwater and high in freshwater.
HSPH students do fascinating work and have interesting stories to tell.
HSSC programs reach out to a diverse cultural community.
HTA convictions can result in licence suspensions, fines, demerit points and jail.
HTA strategy fails due to poor basis.
HTM documents look different after saving, closing and re-opening.
HTML'ed output is now also available, click for a demo.
Many http servers use the tilde to specify certain site specific file paths.
HttpServletRequest request Contains the request object.
Huari tunics are large with an abstract and geometric iconography.
Hub airports are central clearinghouses for connecting flights.
Hub airports continue to show the highest growth rate.
Hub circle is used in the context of the focal point, or goal, of all ensuing planning.
Hub cost is generally high.
A hub is a part
Hub isa object.
Hubs allow the physical connection of multiple peripherals to the USB controller.
Hubs are akin to review articles, which cite many top papers.
Hubs are available from the usual PC hardware sources.
Hubs are available through local retailers and though various discount vendors.
Hubs are available with as little as five ports.
Hubs are centers.
Hubs are common networking components and can be purchased from almost any computer dealer.
Hubs are communication devices.
Hubs are free.
Hubs are networking hardware.
Hubs are part of electric fans.
Hubs are part of propellers.
Hubs are parts.
Hubs are responsible for the removal and addition of USB devices.
Hubs are simple to install and low in cost.
Hubs collect and attach the computer cabling in a central spot.
Hubs come in many different port configurations.
Hubs come in several sizes, noted by the number of ports available to connect computers to the hub.
Hubs come in various shapes and sizes.
Hubs come single-flange or dual flange, specify at checkout .
Hubs come with different numbers of ports, with four and seven ports being common.
Hubs connect workstations together across a network segment.
Hubs create a common point for commercial energy trading.
Hubs have a heirarchial topology, with a root hub, that can branch three deep in the heirarchy.
Hubs have several ports, and each port provides a connection to a single user.
Hubs make it easy to connect or disconnect devices without disturbing others.
Hubs never support full duplex.
Hubs operate at the physical layer.
Hubs operate in a secure fashion.
Hubs provide a central connection point for all the computers on the network.
Hubs provide a central connection point for each computer on the network.
Hubs provide a loop connection scheme that shares bandwidth between the interconnected devices.
Hubs provide a place where people can check-in regularly.
Hubs provide just one way to implement internetworking .
Hubs provide the connections that allow LANs to grow.
Hubs provide the physical connection between network elements.
Hubs provide the signal amplification required to allow a segment to be extended a greater distance.
Hubs require no software.
Hubs serve as electronic trading centers where deals can be made in a secure, impartial environment.
All hub caps and the grill are in great shape.
All hubs have slots on the top to accept expansion hubs.
Every hub has an uplink port that is used to connect additional hubs in a chain.
Many hubs save money on reducing the protection.
Most hubs are rather large, which is kind of stupid when portability is the goal.
Most hubs are stackable.
Most hubs designed for consumer use have between four and eight ports.
Most hubs have one port which can be configured for a crossover cable.
Most hubs have the ability to be stacked.
Most hubs offer optional integrated diagnostic and management tools.
Most hubs only connect at half duplex.
Some hubs are full-fledged computers that also act as network servers.
Some hubs are limited to the number that can be added.
Some hubs are part of ambulances.
Some hubs are part of automobiles.
Some hubs are part of autos.
Some hubs are part of cars.
Some hubs are part of dumpers.
Some hubs are part of frigates.
Some hubs are part of go-karts.
Some hubs are part of motorbikes.
Some hubs are part of pickups.
Some hubs are part of propellers.
Some hubs are part of ships.
Some hubs are part of shipwrecks.
Some hubs are part of steamers.
Some hubs are part of submarines.
Some hubs are part of tankers.
Some hubs are part of taxis.
Some hubs are part of trucks.
Some hubs can detect network problems and disconnect the faulty port or alert the network manager.
Some hubs can operate either way.
Some hubs come with an uplink port.
Some hubs generate advertising revenue.
Some hubs have a separate, special-purpose uplink port.
Some hubs have additional management functionality.
Some hubs have droop stops to limit downward movement at low rotor speed.
Some hubs store that information in a proprietary file format instead.
Some hubs support both.
Hubble engineers can directly access engineering data from anywhere in the world.
Hubble gyroscope fails, telescope still functions Earth .
Hubble measurements show the disk is rotating very rapidly.
Hubble photos show a full rotation of Mars during the martian late spring.
Hubble pic is more spectacular.
Hubble telescope dates the universe .
Hubble telescope reveals dancing crab.
Hubble telescopes are located in space.
Hubble time is allocated via a peer reviewed process.
A hubby is a partner
Hubby asks where they live now.
Hubby comes back from a show, with oluak .
Hubby gets very little chance to play.
Hubby gets x-rayed today.
Hubby has problems.
Hubby is a man of few words.
Hubby is bedridden for a back injury that needed surgical correction.
Hubby is dutifully at work or school.
Hubby is insistent.
Hubby is military.
Hubby is on stand-by for pick up every night though.
Hubby is so good.
Hubby is so level-headed and gives everyone the benefit of the doubt.
Hubby is so supportive through everything that comes our way.
Hubby is submissive.
Hubby is very handy in construction.
Hubby just enjoys trying.
Hubby s here. .
Hubby says it is difficult to predict in the wintertime.
Hubby says the room for parties there is really nice.
Hubby still looks pretty hot, too.
Hubby takes the kids and head for the hills one morning.
Hubby uses a plain, cheap snorkel and is perfectly happy.
Hubby uses it for grilling beef, pork and chicken.
Hubby's away alot with the military.
Hubby's in the office mopin', Works to keep the pet shops open.
Hubby's out of town on a business trip.
Hubby always keeps a spare full tank, and the one on the grill was half full.
A hubcap is a cap
Hubcaps are now even flatter than before.
Huckleberry bushes produce fruit.
A huckleberry is a berry
Huckleberries are a favorite of bears and bees, and consequently are adventurous to pick.
Huckleberries are also a favorite of bears, making huckleberry picking a bit adventurous at times.
Huckleberries are berries.
Huckleberries are blueberries.
Huckleberries are consumed by many animals , including bears , birds , deer , and humans .
Huckleberries are dark purple to almost black in colour when they are ripe.
Huckleberries are delicate plants that require adequate sunlight and warmth to fruit abundantly.
Huckleberries are green when immature and black when mature.
Huckleberries are native to higher elevation forests and thrive in an acid soil.
Huckleberries are particularly expensive.
Huckleberries are shrubs.
Huckleberries are very high in carbohydrates.
Huckleberries form a portion of the food of many birds, as well as of various quadrupeds.
Huckleberries grow adjacent to the Natural Area to the south.
Huckleberries grow all through New England.
Huckleberries grow in Michigan as well.
Huckleberries grow on sites.
Huckleberries have (part) cell membranes.
Huckleberries have (part) cells.
Huckleberries have (part) corpi.
Huckleberries have (part) cytoplasm.
Huckleberries have (part) nuclei.
Huckleberries have (part) plasma membranes.
Huckleberries have (part) sections.
Huckleberries have (part) vacuoles.
Huckleberries have (part) xylem.
Huckleberries have a flavor similar to a bitter tomato and are often made into sweet pies and jams.
Huckleberries have hard seeds in the center and a thicker skin than the blueberry.
Huckleberries have small resinous dots there.
Huckleberries poke through the ruins of the forest.
Huckleberries produce berries.
Huckleberries provide partial shades.
Huckleberries provide shades.
Huckleberries provide valuable food and cover for a variety of wildlife species.
Huckleberries provide vitamins.
Huckleberries require sunlight, moisture, partial shade and acidic soils to prosper.
Huckleberries tantalize the hiker along the trail.
Huckleberry isa bush.
Huckleberry isa shrub.
Most huckleberries grow on sites.
Most huckleberries produce berries.
Most huckleberries provide partial shades.
Most huckleberries provide shades.
Most huckleberries provide vitamins.
Some huckleberries bear fleshy fruit.
Some huckleberries bear fruit.
Some huckleberries grow along coasts.
Some huckleberries grow along pacific coasts.
Some huckleberries grow on tops.
Some huckleberries have potential.
Some huckleberries occur in climatic zones.
Some huckleberries occur in zones.
Some huckleberries produce flowers.
Some huckleberries produce many small white flowers.
Some huckleberries produce white flowers.
Some huckleberries require drainage.
Some huckleberries require excessive drainage.
Some huckleberries sprout from rhizomes.
A huckster is a vendor
Hucksters are advertisers.
Hucksters are sellers.
Hucksters milk a sacred media cow.
Hucksters purvey every kind of dodge, for example.
Hucksters usually select companies whose stock prices have fallen significantly in the market.
A huddle is a conference
Huddles are conferences.
Huddles are crowds.
Huddles can also include field trips or ministry opportunities.
Huddles come in different shapes and sizes.
Huddles provide athletes a positive peer group structure to nurture Christian growth and service.
All huddles are free and open to the public.
Huddled guards wait, stamping their feet.
Hudsonian godwits are annual visitors to the Island, but usually only a single bird.
Hudsonian godwits are annual visitors to the Island.
Hue City is a peaceful place to live.
A hue is a property
Hue isa property.
Hues are eye-popping and vibrant, with rich and warm colors, accurate fleshtones and deep blacks.
Hues are mixed as needed.
Hues are modifications of color such as orangish-red.
Hues range from quiet neutrals o blazing primaries, from pretty pastels to dramatic dark colors.
Hues vary from white and silver-pinks, to cream whites and pinks.
Every hue elicits tears or smiles.
Every hue remains distinct.
Some hues attract attention.
Some hues attract much attention.
Some hues depend on conditions.
Some hues depend on specific conditions.
Some hues depend on specific view conditions.
Hueco tanks are a rocky outcropping in the middle of a desert.
A huff is irritation
Every huff can be dangerous.
Hufflepuff house is for the strong and loyal.
Hufflepuff residents are patient and loyal friends.
A hug is embrace
Hug isa activity.
Hugs affect everything form our physical health to our emotional well-being.
Hugs affect everything from our physical health to our emotional well-being.
Hugs also has some similar tools.
Hugs are a loving way to say good-bye and an excellent way to say Hi.
Hugs are a normal part of their lives.
Hugs are a part of non-verbal communication.
Hugs are a sweet addition to any cake or cookie.
Hugs are actions.
Hugs are also precious.
Hugs are another source of confusion among mental health care professionals.
Hugs are completely recyclable.
Hugs are contagious and can be an affection that is sincere.
Hugs are embrace.
Hugs are essential.
Hugs are for wussies.
Hugs are free to give and free to get.
Hugs are good for cancer patients.
Hugs are good for everyone the hugger and the hugee.
Hugs are good.
Hugs are great for fathers and mothers, sweet for sisters as well for brothers.
Hugs are great for fathers and mothers.
Hugs are great.
Hugs are important.
Hugs are lovely too.
Hugs are motivated by the goal of love.
Hugs are of the utmost importance.
Hugs are out.
Hugs are part of the daily dietary requirements of The Boggy Creek Gang Camp.
Hugs are spoons that stir the soul.
Hugs are the heart's way of smiling and saying thanks, come closer, give more love.
Hugs are the universal medicine.
Hugs are therapeutic for most people.
Hugs are totally OK, if done with permission.
Hugs are valuable.
Hugs are very therapeutic.
Hugs are warm, Blissful expressions.
Hugs are warmth to the heart.
Hugs bring people together.
Hugs can do wonders.
Hugs can mean so much and many things at the same time.
Hugs do wonders for romance.
Hugs encourage, comfort, assure, and absolve the heart and spirit.
Hugs generate warmth and affection, and nurture lasting bonds of friendship.
Hugs help children feel safe and cared for.
Hugs help too.
Hugs mean more than they used to.
Hugs never go out of style.
Hugs simplify, sex complicates.
Hugs translate into love in any language.
Some hugs teach children.
Huge airships fill the air and strangely futuristic retro-fighters swoop between the massive blimps.
Some huge alders stand next to the road as well as some large diameter aspen.
Huge altars are set up with food and drinks are given to the deceased members of the household.
Huge animals are mostly volume with little surface area .
Huge archives filled with stories are inside .
Huge authors get advances for fiction, as well as for non-fiction.
Huge automobiles are their own angels.
Huge backyard offers flagstone patio and plenty of room for a pool.
Huge ballrooms play host to opulent affairs.
Huge banner prints on the front of a modern office building.
Huge banners hang from high ceilings in production areas reminding the teams of that goal.
Huge bass sounds fading into a glorious piano lick that is itself surrounded by voices and strings.
Huge battlements rise across the empty plateau.
Huge bears stand up for special treats.
Huge bears tend to be male.
Huge beds covered in the finest textures guarantee the weary traveler a good night's sleep.
Huge bells hang from doors leading to an outside patio.
Huge billboards line the streets imploring sexually active people to use condoms.
Huge billings are the incentive.
Huge birds flap through the toxin dark.
Huge bison use their massive heads as snowplows to clear the grass sealed beneath the snow cover.
Huge blaze ravages upscale Haifa residential area.
Huge blazes drive home the futility of suppressing all fires.
Huge bonfires are lit and all around it people gather to meet friends and relatives and sing songs.
Huge bonfires are lit, and people start lining up along the two giant ropes.
Huge bonfires are still a part of the festival, and firecrackers, too.
Huge booths encompass the diner in plush and eccentric surroundings.
Huge bosses frequent the game's end-levels.
Huge boulders come crashing down the mountain side.
Huge boulders divert the flow every fifty feet or so.
Huge boulders form walls and old shipyard beams support the ceiling.
Huge boulders look like natural walls And cause cascading waterfalls.
Huge boulders make a dramatic statement at the entrance to the garden.
Huge boulders rise from the lake.
Huge boulders roll away, tombs empty, fear becomes courage, wolves lie with lambs.
All huge brands are identified by their logos in Dubai.
Some huge breakthroughs save life.
Huge bucks are at stake.
Huge budgets exacerbate the problem.
Huge bulls continue to battle for breeding dominance and the colonies increase in size everyday.
Huge butterflies float overhead and provide shade under their wings.
Huge buttresses stand out in striking relief from the wall.
Huge cactuses dot the plains offshore where herds of the rare pronghorn antelope live.
Huge cameras are a sign of huge wealth.
Huge capacity is useless unless there's a way to switch it.
Huge car show to honor one of our fellow rodders who has passed away due to cancer.
Huge carp thrive in Middle Branch.
Some huge centipedes eat snakes.
Huge changes are in store for the upcoming season.
Huge changes can spell disaster really quickly.
Huge changes take place in the early twenties.
Huge charts line the walls.
Huge clouds lower global temperature.
Huge clouds lower temperature.
Huge cock cranks thrusting their giant fuck sticks and getting licked and sucked until they gush.
Huge combines raise clouds of dust as they lumber across fields of soybeans and small grains.
Huge commissions are possible for the best people.
Huge companies do the actual donating.
Huge companies have huge bureaucracies.
Huge conifers dominate the Pacific coastal forests.
Huge control valves that direct water into and out of the tanks.
Huge coolers packed with ice carry fresh foods and cold beverages.
Huge corporations control who and what gets heard.
Huge corporations divide and merge.
Huge corporations do.
Huge corporations have lots of working capital and wisely plan for and invest it in technology.
Huge corporations say that advertising in magazines does nothing.
Huge corporations sign multi-billion dollar mergers almost on a daily basis.
Huge cracks can open up on the Earth's surface.
Huge cracks permeate the fragmented edges of high cliffs.
Huge cranes strip off the soils and rocks covering the buried coal seams.
Huge craters remain where phosphate was mined.
Huge creatures make gentle sounds amid shimmering lights and a theatrical setting.
Huge credit is due to the neighbours who tried to force their way into the blazing home.
Huge crows haunt Long Island oaks.
Huge crowds are an Asian commonplace.
Huge crowds are rare.
Huge crowds come to worship, to pray for assistance, and to enjoy the pageantry of the event.
Huge crowds line the streets and forests to see the cars fly by at unbelievable speeds.
Huge crushers break the blasted limestone into small pieces.
Huge crystals are in the background, below rolling ocean waves.
Huge damage is done to nature and the water basin of the district.
Huge database finds everything but seems to be out of date.
HUGE dealers room.
Huge deck overlooks manicured lawn.
Huge deficits create a Keynesian demand-side effect.
Huge demand requires that large quantities of raw silk be moved between Japan and New York City.
HUGE demon destroys everything while chasing the gang.
Huge deserts lie east and west of the city.
Huge development divides Arizona town.
Huge differences exist in per capita filing rates from one place to another.
Huge discounts are available for more than once search package ordered at the same time.
Huge discounts are regularly available from some of our participating partners as well.
Huge disks are now cheap.
Huge documents download in seconds.
Huge doubt exists.
Huge downfall covers the ground.
Huge dredges pump millions of cubic yards of sand from offshore.
Huge dust clouds lower global temperature.
Huge dust clouds lower temperature.
Most huge dust clouds lower global temperature.
Huge efficiencies can also be achieved in South Africa, says Minassian.
Huge energy saving potentials in developing countries remain untapped.
Huge eruptions cover the entire body from face to feet.
Some huge eruptions change climates.
Huge exercise pens.
Huge explosions are a fairly common sight.
Huge explosions lead to discharge.
Most huge explosions lead to discharge.
Huge extractions mean that firms are setting the stage for future disappointment.
Huge fans direct fresh air into the farthest working sections and blow exhaust gases back out.
Huge fans spin ghostly shadows on the floor.
Huge fees deter spurious defenses.
Huge females come ashore for the arduous nesting process.
Many huge files are database files with fixed length records.
Huge fire blocks right side of the fairway, and a bunker left demands accuracy.
Huge fish have a habit of appearing just in the nick of time for display.
Huge flowers overwhelm the front.
Huge forces are in motion.
Huge forms can be unwieldy to scroll through and difficult to understand.
Huge foyer leads to elegant living room with wood burning fireplace.
Huge fruits are ideal for suffing.
Huge funds are available for serving ALL elderly.
Huge funds have a much more difficult time unloading lagging shares.
Huge gains are possible.
Huge gals get together for some fun.
Huge gaps are apparent.
Huge gaps begin to appear in the rebel line as whole companies fall to the murderous cross-fire.
Huge gaps exist in the safety and effectiveness of specific nutrients.
Huge gaps remain between women's qualifications and their career aspirations.
Huge gape jumps, cornice jumps, cliff jumps, and deeeep powder.
Huge gardens grow out heritage vegetables and flowers for preservation of genetics.
Huge glaciers spill down the sides of the mountains.
Huge glass tanks house more than one thousand different species of fish and marine life.
Huge glove Make two diving catches in a single game.
Huge graphics mean irritatingly long page-load times.
Huge green is protected by sand traps on both sides.
Huge grids filled with identical apartments, spread out over large areas.
Huge groups can sound awful and smaller groups can sound terrific.
Huge groupers hide under a rock, two leopard sharks have their home there.
Huge hatches are open and chunks of coal can be found in the silt outside.
Huge heads are ideal for competition at fairs.
Huge herbivores prevent plants and trees from taking over a region.
Huge highways contribute oil-laden runoff to the groundwater and inland bays.
Huge home is approx.
Huge horses flank the restaurant entrance and warriors in ancient armor stand at attention.
Huge horses have heavy hoofs.
Huge hurdles remain to be crossed, but it is at least theoretically possible for Africa to unite.
More huge icebergs break off from Antarctica.
Huge icebreakers work to keep a path open so ships can reach the port .
Huge icebreakers work to keep a path open so ships can reach the port.
Huge icicles hang from the rooftops covering windows and blocking doors.
Huge inefficiencies exist in most budgets.
Huge inventory insures great prices, quick delivery.
Huge investments are at stake.
Huge issues are at stake.
Huge kingpin skins archive with downloads, skins news, kingpin links and more.
Huge kitchen has ash cabinets.
Huge kitchen opens to family room with cathedral ceiling, fireplace, and bulti-ins.
Huge landslide affects life.
Most huge landslide affects life.
Huge lawns surround the pool, and close to the pool is a basketball and handball court.
Huge lawsuits can result from divulging patient information.
Huge leaves reflect a changing palette of variegation from coral to orange to green to grey.
Huge leaves can get tough, harvest in the smaller stages for better flavor.
Huge lines form in the lobby, extending down into the street at times.
HUGE links list directory.
Huge lists yield disappointing results.
Huge loft overlooks family room, huge eat-in kitchen.
Huge logs support the lobby's high ceiling.
Huge losses are difficult for any company to sustain over prolonged periods of time.
Huge losses caused by rogue traders in securities firms illustrate how serious process risk can be.
Huge lot backs to woods.
Huge lunch turns out to be an appetite-whetter for an even huger dinner.
Huge machines are necessary.
Huge machinery displaces tons of soil, and with it, acres of vegetation.
Huge machinery molds the earth and captures the imagination of young boys.
Huge men fondle women wearing little more than coconut oil and a tan.
Huge men wearing kilts is worth the price of admission alone.
Huge margin calls.
Huge meaning have the thickness and good arch.
Some huge mergers are successful.
Huge money is involved, attracting some bad people.
Huge monsters are experts at making cannonball dives.
Huge monsters are in the island, and they assail lost monsters and kids.
Huge monsters know how to use throwing stars.
Huge mosquitos are hell on ceiling fans.
Huge mountains divide the country in two.
Huge mountains rise on either side.
Huge moves are warnings as they often change direction very quickly.
Huge murals adorn the walls and ceilings, depicting Thunder Bay's unique history and environment.
Huge museums can be overwhelming, especially with kids in tow.
Any huge nation has the natural tendancy to invade ohters.
Huge nature photographs.
Huge netminder has impressive reflexes and covers the net.
Huge networks are half-finished.
Huge numbers can develop unnoticed in undisturbed household foodstuffs.
Huge numbers migrate.
Huge obstacles remain.
Huge opportunities await contact manufacturers and branded systems suppliers.
Huge organizations suffer constant attacks of analysis paralysis and acute bottom-line myopia.
Huge orphanages serve a purpose.
Huge paintings sit comfortably with small, detailed drawings.
Huge palms dot the room, and fresh orchids are in abundance.
Huge paws work as snowshoes to keep the cat from sinking in snow.
Huge performance increases with little programming effort.
Huge pipelines bring water to the island from Malaysia.
Huge plantations stretch up the valley floor.
More huge platters arrive.
Huge pockets give ample room for plenty of gobbler-getting gear.
Huge pods offer an alternative to whale watching.
Huge poplar logs up by a spring.
Huge populations are at risk.
Huge portholes line the walkways throughout the common areas on decks three, four and five.
Huge portions make doggie bags a way of life.
Huge portions make it ideal for late-night sharing with friends or the kids.
Huge pots use for soup.
Most huge pots use for soup.
Huge potential exists for establishing raw material refining plants.
Huge price drops by any stretch.
Huge print runs.
Huge problems lie ahead.
Huge problems loom in the road to capitalism, both political and economic.
Huge problems remain, but that's a separate matter.
Huge problems result.
Huge profits are possible through their reseller program.
Huge profits mean more money to support organized crime, which leads to even higher crime rates.
Huge pyramids are so spectacle.
Huge quantities receive a small discount.
Huge questions loom about safety, testing, regulations and the long-term benefit.
Huge rainforests cover some of the islands of Indonesia.
Huge rays swim in the shallow water.
Huge recipe databanks, links for shopping and gifts and just about anything food related.
Huge resources are no longer necessary.
Huge rock faces rise from the endless sand.
Huge rocks dot the camp and make attractive hiking destinations.
Huge rocks spire into the sky.
Huge roots bisect rotting masonry slabs, stairs lead to nowhere, it's preety damn cool.
Huge sand traps in front and on the left catches a lot of short shots.
Huge savings are available here.
Huge scale works.
Huge schools can move in providing a hook-up on every drop.
Huge schools roam the surface and scatter to the air as boats approach.
Huge screen comes out to entertain the patrons with current sport events.
Huge seas can result.
Huge sections are devoted to indie rock and French music.
Huge servings ensure that no one goes away hungry.
Huge shadows are frightening or ominous to adults and children.
Huge ships pull up to the dock, and an open unloading goes on.
Huge shovels dig away the coal.
Huge shredders allow steel and non-ferrous materials to be recycled.
Huge signs identify the overwhelming majority of buildings on most USAF bases.
Huge site includes firms, bookstores, schools, events, links, and more.
Huge smoke plumes.
Huge snapper are a winter time treat.
Huge spaces have to be allocated just for the upkeep of the microbes.
Huge speakers play a pre-recorded voice track.
Huge stalagmites show that it was once part of the cave.
Huge stores house a variety of all types of intricately designed pieces.
Huge stores house a wide variety of all types of intricately designed pieces.
Huge storms are caused by wind.
Huge storms drop down from Canada and sweep up from Arizona and New Mexico.
Huge storms hit sites.
Most huge storms are caused by wind.
Huge structures are generally rare in space.
Huge structures emerge in the waters off-shore.
Huge subsidies are nothing new.
Huge successes are dramatic and can boost self worth a great deal, if briefly.
Huge suites are available.
Huge sums are at risk, in a competitive climate that demands ever-faster decisions.
Huge supply is guaranteed.
Huge tail fin the size of two dinner tables that provide the propulsion for swimming.
Huge telescopes allow astronomers to look even deeper into space.
Huge tides rip blobs of gas from both stars.
Huge timbers support the floors.
Huge towers protect the approaches by water giving an agreeable sight the town being higher up.
Huge traffic increases without a hitch.
Huge trees drip vines over brown eddies.
Huge trees line the approach to a grand stone staircase, and further on, a balustrade rail.
Huge trees line the fairways.
Huge trees shade the area, making it comfortable for working dogs.
Huge turbines drive electric generators and giant ships.
Huge volume makes for good prices.
Huge volumes are crucial to success because the revenues from each transaction are usually small.
Huge vultures dominate the skies above.
Huge waterfalls plunge off the cliffs to the west.
Huge waves break out there on a huge swell.
Huge waves crashes against the shore.
Huge waves toss small ships around like they are nothing.
Huge windows facing east and southeast allow the out of doors always to be in view.
Huge windows give it a light and airy feel.
Huge windows look out into spectacular courtyards full of lush tropical landscaping.
Huge windows open out onto the river and the trees that surround the museum.
Huge windows provide panoramic views from the sun filled rooms.
Huge windows provide panoramic views of the water and the Olympic mountains of Washington State.
Huge winter storms hit sites.
Huge yard has privacy, plus beautiful in ground pool with patio surround.
A hugger is a person
Some huggers pat while hugging.
Hugging are paradises.
Hugging cause arousal.
Hugus soils are on mountains and are loamy-skeletal.
Hui culture is influenced by the traditional culture of Middle and Western Asia.
Hui people living here have their own Muslim butchers, shops and schools.
Huingo fruit is mashed into plaster to cure abcesses.
A hulk is a ship
Hulk can sense it .
Hulk claims it was a work the whole time.
Hulk clearly ascribes to the anarchistic belief of many left wing extremists of the sixties.
Hulk is an interesting game, with some decent reverses and play action.
Hulk is the green, over arching monster that dominates the park with sight and roaring sound.
Hulk report orderly single.
Hulk see two breads.
Hulk tries another legdrop and misses.
Hulks are prison-ships, right 'cross th' meshes.
Hulks are ships.
Hulks are soccer players.
Hulks are video games.
Hull color is characteristic yellow, for high visibility in the water.
Hull compositions can be fibreglass, aluminium, wood or inflatable.
Hull construction is easy and quick.
Hull construction is either wood or fiberglass.
Hull construction is foam cored vinylester resin laminate.
Hull construction is prepreg carbon fiber with an aluminum honeycomb core.
Hull construction is well under way.
Hull coverage is agreed value on total losses.
Hull depth is the overall height of the hull.
Hull design is a continuous series of compromises.
Hull design is canoe stern with full keel.
Most hull designs are available in several hull laminates.
Hull dimensions are very close.
Hull fittings comprise stainless steel bow eye, chromed fuel tank breather and bronze skin fittings.
Hull halves are stretch-formed and riveted to a sturdy keel assembly.
All hull joints are face seal designs that have no annular voids, a big source of unwanted air.
Hull material can be either out of high-tensile steel of aluminium.
Hull removal is done with machines which can damage the seeds.
Hull shape has much more to do with it.
Hull shape is lapstrake in form and traditional in profile and plan.
Hull shape is simple douple-ended built from flat panels.
Hull shape is symmetrical, the bottom has a shallow vee shape, and the sides have some tumblehome.
Hull sneak draw .
Hull tech is a very good idea.
Most hull types can have problems with their coating systems of one sort or other.
Hull values are for the basic capacities.
Hull volume is tonnage .
A hull is a husk
Hull isa covering.
Hull isa structure.
Hulls act as barriers.
Hulls act as natural barriers.
Hulls are accurate to the designer's lines, and checked with templates along the way.
Hulls are available year 'round and are proven to be a cost effective, high energy silage stretcher.
Hulls are calyxs.
Hulls are cities.
Hulls are husks.
Hulls are in good shape.
Hulls are inedible, but can be burned as a source of fuel for power plants or rice mills.
Hulls are part of boats.
Hulls are part of sailboats.
Hulls are part of ships.
Hulls are part of vessels.
Hulls are places.
Hulls are relatively inexpensive, easy to handle, and work well in liquid-manure handling systems.
Hulls are structures.
Hulls are voluminous, allowing the boat to be driven hard, and also room for double bunks.
Hulls are white and in great shape with no leaks.
Hulls contribute fiber and are relatively low in other ingredients.
Hulls gleam like naked bodies.
Hulls have (part) bases.
Hulls have (part) ribs.
Hulls have (part) rider plates.
Hulls have (part) sections.
Hulls have a high gloss with color all the way through the material, so scratches can be buffed out.
Hulls have about the same fertilizer value as fresh barnyard manure.
Hulls have little feeding value but can be useful as a mulch or as a packing material.
All hulls are virtually the same as terms of quality and boatspeed.
All hulls come with a nicely detailed, though condensed drawing.
Most hulls act as barriers.
Most hulls act as natural barriers.
Most hulls are the aft cabin model.
Some hulls are part of arks.
Some hulls are part of boats.
Some hulls are part of canoes.
Some hulls are part of dinghies.
Some hulls are part of frigates.
Some hulls are part of houseboats.
Some hulls are part of kayaks.
Some hulls are part of lifeboats.
Some hulls are part of motorboats.
Some hulls are part of sailboats.
Some hulls are part of sculls.
Some hulls are part of ships.
Some hulls are part of shipwrecks.
Some hulls are part of steamers.
Some hulls are part of submarines.
Some hulls are part of tankers.
Some hulls are part of yachts.
Some hulls have life.
Some hulls have shelf life.
All hum contributors are volunteers, and submissions are unpaid.
A hum is an activity
Hums are often comfort noises, letting the other alpacas know they are present and content.
Hums continues to be very safe and welcoming.
Human abilities exist on a continuum.
Human abilities refer to differences in information processing speed and capacity.
Human ability is the cornerstone of golf.
Human ability matters less than heart.
Human access is limited to the railroad or the river.
All human accomplishments begin with a dream.
Human achievement is fascinating.
Human achievement is limited.
A human action is an event
Human action falls outside the reach of such methodology.
Human action has a potential and varying cross-contextual scope, scale or reach.
Human action is a manifestation of the mind.
Human action is conscious behavior on the part of a human being.
Human action is costly.
Human action is directed by ideologies.
Human action is melded with technological systems creating an symbiotic and cybernetic hybrid.
Human action is one of the agencies bringing about change.
Human action is only narratized action.
Human action is thus the only significant way regional plant diversity is enriched.
Human action is transformational.
Human action is unpredictable that way.
Human action plays a more significant role, as studies of fire-suppression policy have shown.
Human action requires human syntax.
Human action requires that unified knowledge.
Human action tends to be motivated by economic interests.
Human actions are books.
Human actions are goal directed and lead by plans.
Human actions are in part conditioned by our understanding of how the natural world works.
Human actions are the leading cause of accidents.
Human actions are the primary means of invasive species introductions.
Human actions are the primary reason invasive species are introduced into an ecosystem.
Human actions are wrong only when they hurt people.
Human actions become a positive force in the community.
Human actions become unintelligible occurrences.
Human actions can affect the biosphere.
Human actions can also lead to flooding.
Human actions change our being.
Human actions have a graduated order.
Human actions have a natural meaning too.
Human actions impact the food web.
Human actions lead to rebirth, wherein good deeds are inevitably rewarded and evil deeds punished.
Human actions occur in a context of relationships with others.
Human actions threaten the survival of many land and ocean ecosystems.
All human action is tinged by the sexual libido.
All human actions are determined.
All human actions flow naturally from human feelings, without any interference from human reason.
All human actions have their origin in the heart.
All human actions stand under seemingly limitless possibilities.
Every human action has an impact on the environment, both immediately and globally.
Every human action has some consequence.
Every human action is a theme of praxeology.
Every human action is based upon the moral framework of the actor.
Every human action is political.
Every human action is said to be divinely motivated.
Every human action restricts the opportunities of others.
Some human actions take a direct toll on butterfly populations.
A human activity is an event
Human activities affect all parts of the biosphere.
Human activities affect biodiversity.
Human activities affect climates.
Human activities affect ecosystems.
Human activities affect environments.
Human activities affect marine environments.
Human activities affect nutrient cycling in ways that can be damaging to ecosystems.
Human activities affect photosynthesis.
Human activities affect predators.
Human activities affect surface temperature.
Human activities affect temperature.
Human activities affect the environment in a number of ways.
Human activities aggravate flood hazards.
Human activities alter aquatic ecosystems.
Human activities alter many of the components of the earth's climate system.
Human activities alter the chemistry of rain water.
Human activities alter the frequency of both and, by so doing, greatly affect community structure.
Human activities are a major cause.
Human activities are a primary cause of desertification.
Human activities are agriculture and, in the surrounding areas, hunting.
Human activities are dependent upon location.
Human activities are important in almost all ecosystems.
Human activities are largely responsible for the disappearance of loons from many lakes.
Human activities are limited but include an important conservation education programme.
Human activities are mainly responsible for the increase of lead in the ecosystem.
Human activities are nature conservation, power generation, forestry, and agriculture.
Human activities are notorious for affecting sizes of natural populations.
Human activities are now the greatest threat to the manatee.
Human activities are responsible for a significant portion of that increase.
Human activities are responsible for the increase.
Human activities are responsible for the increases in ground-level ozone in recent years.
Human activities are the goal.
Human activities are the main cause of acid rain.
Human activities are the main factors triggering desertification processes on vulnerable land.
Human activities are the main threats to local populations.
Human activities are the major cause of current reef decline.
Human activities are the principal cause of declining tiger numbers.
Human activities associate with growth.
Human activities associate with population growth.
Human activities bring about changes in land cover, land use, and land management.
Human activities can accelerate environmental changes.
Human activities can accelerate the process of change.
Human activities can accelerate the process.
Human activities can accelerate the rate at which nutrients enter ecosystems .
Human activities can accelerate the rate of many natural changes.
Human activities can also affect soil structure.
Human activities can also cause flash floods to occur.
Human activities can also change the climate.
Human activities can alter the atmosphere.
Human activities can alter the trophic status of a lake.
Human activities can be significant sources of indoor air pollution.
Human activities can be the cause of turbidity as well.
Human activities can benefit the sand supply.
Human activities can cause pollution of both surface and underground water.
Human activities can change the flow and reduce the usability of earth's resources.
Human activities can contribute to the frequency and intensity of some natural hazards.
Human activities can create the most problems for watersheds.
Human activities can degrade the quality of ground water.
Human activities can disrupt or destroy delicate food webs.
Human activities can either deliberately or inadvertently alter the balance of an ecosystem.
Human activities can greatly accelerate the release of nutrients into the lakes and streams.
Human activities can harm dolphins.
Human activities can have a serious effect on the population.
Human activities can have great impact on Hawaiian monk seal survival.
Human activities can have serious effects on the sensitive Great Basin ecosystem.
Human activities can influence changes in the watershed.
Human activities can introduce thermal pollution into streams in several ways.
Human activities can lead to nondepletive or depletive water use.
Human activities can lead to water and air pollution, for example.
Human activities can make estuaries less hospitable.
Human activities can negatively impact the water quality of streams.
Human activities can pollute the air and water.
Human activities can result in point source and nonpoint source contribution.
Human activities can, deliberately or accidentally, change the equilibrium in ecosystems.
Human activities can, deliberately or inadvertently, alter the equilibrium in ecosystems.
Human activities cause degradation and destruction processes in the natural soil layer.
Human activities cause dramatic changes in the environment.
Human activities cause harmful reaction.
Human activities cause or accelerate permanent changes in natural systems.
Human activities cause reaction.
Human activities change aquatic environments and food webs in many ways.
Human activities change features.
Human activities change the physical environment and ecosystems.
Human activities consist of an intensive fishery, cattle grazing, mowing and farming.
Human activities consist of birdwatching.
Human activities consist of livestock grazing and cultivation.
Human activities consist of recreation and salt production.
Human activities consist of salt production and livestock grazing.
Human activities consist only of nature conservation and research.
Human activities continue to play a role in the ever-changing system.
Human activities contribute through de-icing and washing products.
Human activities contribute to the erosion and pollution of beaches.
Human activities decrease biodiversity.
Human activities destroy bee habitat and forage.
Human activities destroy habitats.
Human activities do affect climate.
Human activities do, deliberately or inadvertently, alter the equilibrium in ecosystems.
Human activities enhance adaptive capacity.
Human activities enhance capacity.
Human activities enhance effects.
Human activities have a profound impact on the hydrologic cycle.
Human activities have a rapidly growing rate of impact on the environment.
Human activities have an increasing effect on groundwater levels.
Human activities have have devastate effects.
Human activities have have effects.
Human activities have results.
Human activities have the potential to affect our fragile environment.
Human activities impact ecosystems on local, regional and global scales.
Human activities impact environmental quality, which in turn impacts human health.
Human activities impact the entire planet.
Human activities increase availability.
Human activities increase numbers.
Human activities inflict harsh and often irreversible damage on the environment.
Human activities influence natural processes on and in the Earth.
Human activities influence the pH of our creeks.
Human activities introduce even more heterogeneity.
Human activities lead to cascade effects.
Human activities lead to distribution.
Human activities lead to effects.
Human activities lead to pollution.
Human activities modify gas fluxes both directly and indirectly.
Human activities modifying ecosystems cause most of the problems.
Human activities play an important role in the formation of severe sandstorms.
Human activities pollute the air, ground and water.
Human activities related to livelihood and welfare measures generate waste.
Human activities result in productivity.
Human activities result in resources.
Human activities result in water resources.
Human activities resulting in habitat loss are the main threat to their survival.
Human activities shape Earth's surface.
Human activities threaten marine habitats at the ocean's edge.
Human activities transform materials and energy into products and services.
Human activities yield benefits.
Human activities yield economic benefits.
Human activity adds large amounts of dissolved and solid material to streams.
Human activity alters the water cycle also.
Human activity associated with construction and mining activities increases fire danger.
Human activity can also play an important role.
Human activity can alter water quality by many mechanisms.
Human activity can bring man into contact with an otherwise silent cycle in nature, eg.
Human activity can change living organisms and ecosystems.
Human activity can exacerbate the impact of climate change through the build-up of greenhouse gases.
Human activity can pollute drinking supplies even miles from the water source.
Human activity can reduce the number of predators.
Human activity can release some of that mercury into the air, water and soil.
Human activity can significantly affect sand supply.
Human activity contaminates groundwater.
Human activity continues to affect the biosphere.
Human activity creates edges through development and agriculture.
Human activity depends upon and, in that sense, reflects or mimics the workings of nature.
Human activity does more than put a stress on elephants to find resources.
Human activity dominates.
Human activity generates a great deal of radio noise on a wide range of frequencies.
Human activity has profound impacts on flooding.
Human activity has the greatest impact on the amount and quality of wildlife habitat in Illinois.
Human activity is a major cause of air pollution, much of which results from industrial processes.
Human activity is enlisted in the great work of building a character after the divine similitude.
Human activity is essential to improving and repairing the world.
Human activity is extremely complex and diverse.
Human activity is largely responsible for today's wildlife crisis.
Human activity is limited.
Human activity is most likely responsible for climate warming.
Human activity is most likely responsible for playing some part in food production variability.
Human activity is no exception.
Human activity is rational and responsible.
Human activity is responsible for eroding the status of the crested toad.
Human activity is responsible for the rapid increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations.
Human activity is the fundamental cause of desertification.
Human activity is the main reason why species are disappearing more rapidly.
Human activity is the most significant process shaping the surface of the planet.
Human activity is the primary cause of our environmental problems.
Human activity is very fast compared to a geologic timescale.
Human activity makes a significant contribution.
Human activity mediates a trophic cascade caused by wolves.
Human activity place a stress on urban environments that green spaces help relieve.
Human activity poses a great danger to the earth's atmosphere.
Human activity poses the major threat.
Human activity produces more radio waves than the sun.
Human activity produces ozone-forming emissions in many ways.
Human activity remains the primary threat to the species survival in the Great Lakes region.
Human activity takes a heavy toll on young in nests.
All human activities carry some degree of risk.
All human activities depend on the world's land and water resource base.
All human activities entail some risk.
All human activities have an impact on the environment.
All human activities produce wastes.
All human activities require movement.
All human activities take place somewhere, and have spatial and locational attributes.
All human activity depends on and arises out of connections between neurons.
All human activity has an impact on the environment.
All human activity involves risks, but studying science has unique ones.
All human activity involves some risk, but studying science has unique ones.
All human activity is an expression of the psyche.
All human activity is by nature determined by the egoism of the individual.
All human activity is carried on by means of the mind aided by the ten senses.
All human activity is perverted by selfishness and pride.
All human activity is prompted by desire.
All human activity is subject to habitualization.
All human activity makes an impact on our planet.
All human activity uses information of some kind.
Every human activity has an economic dimension.
Every human activity is pressed into service as a weapon of expansion.
Every human activity takes place somewhere.
Many human activities change predator abundances either deliberately or unintentionally.
Many human activities contribute P to surface waters.
Many human activities contribute phosphorus to surface waters.
Many human activities contribute to strandings.
Many human activities have a significant impact on the nitrogen cycle.
Many human activities have some potential to affect drinking-water sources.
Many human activities produce heat.
Most human activities affect biodiversity.
Most human activities affect climates.
Most human activities affect environments.
Most human activities affect marine environments.
Most human activities affect photosynthesis.
Most human activities affect predators.
Most human activities affect surface temperature.
Most human activities affect temperature.
Most human activities associate with growth.
Most human activities associate with population growth.
Most human activities cause harmful reaction.
Most human activities cause reaction.
Most human activities change features.
Most human activities decrease biodiversity.
Most human activities destroy habitats.
Most human activities enhance adaptive capacity.
Most human activities enhance capacity.
Most human activities enhance effects.
Most human activities have results.
Most human activities increase availability.
Most human activities increase numbers.
Most human activities involve a degree of creativity.
Most human activities involve groups of people acting together in the same place at the same time.
Most human activities lead to cascade effects.
Most human activities lead to distribution.
Most human activities lead to effects.
Most human activities lead to pollution.
Most human activities result in productivity.
Most human activities result in resources.
Most human activities result in water resources.
Most human activities yield benefits.
Most human activities yield economic benefits.
Most human activity is a purposeful search for pattern.
Some human activities affect behaviour.
Some human activities affect prey behaviour.
Some human activities affect responses.
Some human activities affect runoff.
Some human activities affect survival.
Some human activities affect uptake.
Some human activities can damage a wetland without leaving clearly visible signs.
Some human activities can have impact.
Some human activities can influence local water vapor levels.
Some human activities cause deterioration.
Some human activities cause diseases.
Some human activities cause erosion.
Some human activities cause problems.
Some human activities cause soil erosion.
Some human activities change equilibrium.
Some human activities contribute to degradations.
Some human activities contribute to depletion.
Some human activities contribute to land degradations.
Some human activities contribute to mortality.
Some human activities contribute to trends.
Some human activities eliminate habitats.
Some human activities have coastal erosion.
Some human activities have direct impact.
Some human activities have effects.
Some human activities have erosion.
Some human activities have impact.
Some human activities have significant coastal erosion.
Some human activities have significant erosion.
Some human activities have significant impact.
Some human activities have widespread effects.
Some human activities increase concentration.
Some human activities increase effects.
Some human activities increase erosion.
Some human activities increase gases.
Some human activities increase soil erosion.
Some human activities increase the levels of aerosol in the atmosphere.
Some human activities influence local levels.
Some human activities involve burns.
Some human activities produce gases.
Some human activities produce greenhouse gases.
Some human activities provide food.
Some human activities provide supplementary food.
Some human activities result in creations.
Some human activities threaten existence.
Some human activities threaten safety.
Some human activities threaten very existence.
Human actors act to increase their happiness, however they personally define it.
Human adenoviruses have multiple strategies to overcome host antiviral defenses.
Human adults serve as subjects.
Human advances move in fits and starts.
Human advancement is the result of better understanding nature and how it functions.
Human aesthetics come at a price.
Human affairs are so obscure and various that nothing can be clearly known.
Human affection is something the animals are used to.
Human agency can do much more to promote the growth of some crops than of others.
Human agency requires an objectively open future.
Human albinos have light blond hair, a pink skin and grey-blue or red eyes.
Most human albinos have vision problems.
Human albumin is added to the final product as a stabilizer.
Some human alteration reduces capacity.
Human ambition is limitless and infinite.
Human analysts can see patterns in small data sets.
Human anatomy includes the study of the various components of the human body.
Human anatomy is a foundational course for many healthcare professionals.
Human anatomy is a key component of the medical biology emphasis.
Human anatomy is designed to eat meat.
Human anatomy is excluded, although it is taught as part of physical anthropology.
Human anatomy is important for understanding the structure and mechanical function of the body.
Human anatomy is much more similar to herbivores than carnivores.
Human anatomy is usually the first course that medical students take.
Human anatomy quizzes.
Human ancestors eat diets.
Human ancestors eat plants.
Human ancestors speciate from the ancestors of the chimpanzees .
Human ancestors speciate from the ancestors of the gibbon.
Human ancestors speciate from the ancestors of the gorillas .
Human ancestors speciate from the ancestors of the orangutan .
Most human ancestors eat diets.
Most human ancestors eat plants.
Some human ancestors eat fruit.
Human anchors don t really save.
Human anger is never righteous, it is always an expression of human emptiness and human fear.
Human anger tends towards vengeance.
Most human anger is bad.
Human animals are no exception.
Human animation is a central focus.
Human answers pass away.
Human antibody repertoires.
Human applicability is the next step.
Human applications are at the discretion of the institution's experimental review process.
Human approval is both great and awful.
Human aptitude tends towards the bell curve.
Human arguments involve emotion.
Human arousal involves a variety of psychological and physical factors.
Human arrogance needs to give way to a new humility.
Human arrogance seems so out of place when standing on the canyon rim.
Human art is a conscious act of creation.
Human articulations are characteristic examples of different forms of noise.
All human artifacts are technology.
Human ash is grass-covered now.
Human assets are often ambiguous in value.
Human assets grow in importance, as well-trained troops are necessary to acquire resources.
Human assets Provide place for pilgrimage and interpretation for all .
Human assets Provide place for pilgrimage and interpretation for all.
Human astrocytes contain two distinct angiotensin receptor subtypes.
Human athletes can increase the size of their hearts through proper conditioning.
Human athletes repeat each stretching maneuver several times for the best results.
Human atrocities create emotional reactions, which is what storytelling is all about.
Human attacks are rare.
Human attention is one of the most precious resources in a modern, communicationdominated society.
Human attention is required for the breed's happiness.
Human attention is the currency of quality.
Much human attention is needed for bulldog to be happy .
Much human attention is needed for bulldog to be happy.
Human authority is limited both by scope and by matter.
All human authority has limits.
Human awareness is endless.
Human awareness is largely associational as opposed to perfectly conceptual.
Human babies are like fantastically equipped learning machines .
Human babies are never allergic to human milk.
Human babies are the most helpless of any creature.
Human babies are totally dependent on adults.
Human babies belong at their own mothers' breasts.
Human babies can swim from the moment of birth.
Human babies develop inside their mothers.
Human babies develop within their mother for nine months before they are born.
Human babies protect themselves by being held.
Human babies require large and steady supplies of glucose to feed the growing brain.
All human babies receive some coverage in advance of birth.
Every human baby is a demanding, continuing, long-term responsibility.
Every human bean is diddly and different.
Human beauty exists in endless variety.
Human behavior affects the environment which increases the potential negative impact of disasters.
Human behavior can capture similarities in documents that elude the abilities of machines.
Human behavior can help ecosystems rebound following a tsunami, or it can continue the destruction.
Human behavior can influence the earth changes.
Human behavior changes much more slowly than Internet technology.
Human behavior changes slowly, as do social norms, expectations, and worldviews.
Human behavior comes from the human brain.
Human behavior depends on culture as well as on our evolutionary history.
Human behavior determines, to a large extent, the success of failure of an organization.
Human behavior exists along a continuum.
Human behavior has a large genetic component.
Human behavior has a strong bearing on exposure to different risk factors.
Human behavior includes development.
Human behavior is a combination of learned responses and conscious decision-making.
Human behavior is a complex thing.
Human behavior is a complicated and curious equation.
Human behavior is a good indicator that problems exist.
Human behavior is a reflection of brain function.
Human behavior is affected both by genetic inheritance and by experience.
Human behavior is an important factor in preventing ergonomic injuries.
Human behavior is an interesting thing to study.
Human behavior is based the most on moral and ethical principles.
Human behavior is believed to be influenced by the endocrine system and the nervous system .
Human behavior is complex and individuals react differently when faced with a crisis situation.
Human behavior is complex and influenced by our genes, our environment, and our circumstances.
Human behavior is complex, and so is the road to a career in the health professions.
Human behavior is complex.
Human behavior is controlled only to a very minor extent by instincts.
Human behavior is determined.
Human behavior is exactly the same.
Human behavior is expressed in social group relations.
Human behavior is far more complex than traits like eye color or blood type.
Human behavior is far too unpredictable, and government can do only so much.
Human behavior is hard to change.
Human behavior is implicated in most losses.
Human behavior is influenced by a variety of physical and social factors.
Human behavior is just too unpredictable.
Human behavior is made up of three components or levels.
Human behavior is motivated by human nature and by culture.
Human behavior is much more complex then the behavior of other animals.
Human behavior is no mystery, it's a science.
Human behavior is often more complex than it initially appears.
Human behavior is often the creator of risk in the working environment.
Human behavior is only in regard to achieving the goals.
Human behavior is patterns of patterns of patterns, decreasing in scope beyond normal social seeing.
Human behavior is pretty weird that way.
Human behavior is purposeful and involves choices directed toward meeting perceived needs and goals.
Human behavior is quite predictable in many instances.
Human behavior is shaped by the shared understanding that people have of the symbols in their world.
Human behavior is simple to understand.
Human behavior is simply too complex to be simulated and predicted by computers, they say.
Human behavior is so hard to duplicate.
Human behavior is so variable from person to person, situation to situation.
Human behavior is strange, but consistent at least.
Human behavior is the initial cause of bear encounters.
Human behavior is the most familiar feature of the world in which people live.
Human behavior is the most important aspect of a community.
Human behavior is the sum of what people think, feel and do.
Human behavior is too complex to be explained through monocausal theories.
Human behavior is tough to redesign.
Human behavior is unpredictable enough.
Human behavior is very complex.
Human behavior reflects delusion and ignorance as well as one's factual knowledge.
Human behavior shifts either in response to new information or new experiences.
Human behaviors are major factors in the spread of infectious diseases.
Human behaviors encompass a wide spectrum - both positive and negative.
All human behavior has a genetic component.
All human behavior is an environmentally learned response.
All human behavior is learned and humans are social animals.
All human behavior is seated in psychological variables, to be sure.
Every human behavior is subject to a legal norm.
Many human behaviors are learned through shaping.
Most human behavior includes development.
Most human behavior is transacted in group settings.
Much human behavior is developed through modeling.
Some human behavior promotes infection.
Human behaviour follows no physical law.
Human behaviour is a complex interaction between genes and the environment.
Human behaviour is a curious thing.
Human behaviour is affected by many variables.
Human behaviour is determined by countless variables, including free choice.
Human behaviour is different in normal situations and in risk situations.
Human behaviour is flexible, characterized by freedom from genetic, or other, determination.
Human behaviour is modelled mathematically.
Human behaviour is placed in context by studying the sexual activities of other animals.
Human behaviour is realized by neurons as little as a table is created only by atoms.
Human behaviour is seen both as a determinant and as an outcome of environment.
Human behaviour is shaped by interpersonal, cultural, social and economic factors.
Human behaviour is therefore a mixture of freedom and necessity.
Human behaviour is without doubt the dominant factor in the cause of accidents.
Human behaviour is, therefore, the other key determining factor.
Human behaviour reflects society.
All human behaviour has consequences for all other humans.
Much human behaviour involves negotiating reproductive contracts between men and women.
A human being is a hominid
Human being are complex bioelectric and automatic control systems.
Human being are located in streets.
Human being are made of flesh.
Human being are unique and irreplaceable.
Human being carries out many wars but religious warfare is the cruelest.
Human being has characteristics.
Human being have some value as a helper of their goal thgough life.
Human being is a creature of love.
Human being is a very social creature.
Human being is a whole together with the environment.
Human being is an animal specie made to eat basically plant products.
Human being is capable of acts.
Human being is capable of melts.
Human being is frocked with mystery.
Human being is impossible in a closed sphere of quiescent interiority.
Human being is responsible for they own life.
Human being is sacred, everywhere, in all religions.
Human being is smokers.
Human being is the only organism who has self-consciousness.
Human being is the soul.
Human being is useless passion . . .
Human being lives smoothly by using the recognition and judgement.
Human being perceives the death when the death comes.
Human beings act according to the changes in the environment.
Human beings act into history, nudging events into surprising tangents.
Human beings act out of earthly desire, fear and anger.
Human beings act out of their images of others.
Human beings actualize their human nature in a particular way.
Human beings adapt to survive.
Human beings answer the phone.
Human beings appreciate what touch is.
Human beings are a disease.
Human beings are a funny lot.
Human beings are a highly imperfect species.
Human beings are a mildly polygynous species.
Human beings are a race.
Human beings are a sensitive, and in some cases the only, biodetector.
Human beings are a special case in at least two ways.
Human beings are a study in contrasts.
Human beings are a superstitious lot.
Human beings are a type of animal that makes tools, as do chimpanzees.
Human beings are a unity, but they are more than a sum of their physical constituents.
Human beings are able to decide about themselves and to actualize themselves.
Human beings are able to look to the future - conceptualise it and form an intention to act.
Human beings are able to simplify the study of complex scientific topics by making models.
Human beings are accidental hosts.
Human beings are accountable for their actions.
Human beings are active learners.
Human beings are actors.
Human beings are actually very simple.
Human beings are afraid of rejection.
Human beings are alive.
Human beings are all better off dead.
Human beings are all capable of suffering.
Human beings are all different individuals.
Human beings are all different.
Human beings are all equal .
Human beings are all equal.
Human beings are all far more alike than different.
Human beings are all members of one body.
Human beings are all one species regardless of color or gender.
Human beings are all one species.
Human beings are almost infinitely diverse.
Human beings are also at risk.
Human beings are also capable of reflecting the most evil inspiration.
Human beings are also intensely relational beings.
Human beings are also like that - between nations, within families, within our own mind.
Human beings are also logoic archangels in the process of awakening into their godly state.
Human beings are also unique in that they verbalize.
Human beings are also very sensitive and can be damaged by cigarette smoke. . . .
Human beings are always free.
Human beings are always physically in the process of change.
Human beings are amazing creatures.
Human beings are amazing, for they can rise above great difficulties.
Human beings are an evolutionary device to make water portable and sometimes conscious.
Human beings are an important element in the propaganda branch.
Human beings are an interactive organization of cells, tissues, organs, and systems.
Human beings are animals of the senses, especially vision.
Human beings are animals with characteristics and needs similar to other animals.
Human beings are animals.
Human beings are any organization s greatest asset.
Human beings are approximately bilateral symmetrical, with a right and left side.
Human beings are approximately bilaterally symmetrical, with a right and left side.
Human beings are as well.
Human beings are at the center of concern for sustainable development.
Human beings are at the centre of concerns for sustainable development.
Human beings are at the core of complexity.
Human beings are at the top of the natural food chain.
Human beings are at their best - generous, friendly, kind.
Human beings are autonomous choosers of ends.
Human beings are aware that the passing of life is something to be mourned.
Human beings are basically good.
Human beings are bent on self-destruction.
Human beings are better at giving advice and answering specific questions.
Human beings are body and mind, soul and spirit in one indivisible unity.
Human beings are both consumers and producers.
Human beings are both titanic and divine.
Human beings are builders by nature.
Human beings are by definition one and all rational.
Human beings are by nature a suspicious bunch when it comes to new things, and wisely so.
Human beings are by nature creative.
Human beings are by nature gregarious.
Human beings are by nature omnivores.
Human beings are by nature political animals.
Human beings are by nature scavengers.
Human beings are by no means only built up by physical form.
Human beings are capable of a great range of emotions and physical responses.
Human beings are capable of a great range of many emotions and physical responses.
Human beings are capable of all kinds of higher reason.
Human beings are capable of being good and bad, rational and irrational.
Human beings are capable of being more.
Human beings are capable of change and personal growth through learning.
Human beings are capable of change.
Human beings are capable of dealing with many types of adversity.
Human beings are capable of experiencing others' pains and pleasures vicariously.
Human beings are capable of fear, of insecurity.
Human beings are capable of improvement.
Human beings are capable of moving beyond mere goodness toward greatness.
Human beings are capable of spiritual experiences and higher levels of consciousness.
Human beings are capable of transcending biological, environmental and historical influences.
Human beings are capable of viewing their own actions and the world critically.
Human beings are changeable.
Human beings are cloned through asexual reproduction.
Human beings are collectively, and individually, slow to learn.
Human beings are communal creatures.
Human beings are complex and complicated.
Human beings are complex creatures.
Human beings are complex entities.
Human beings are complex, and can react to a decision in many different ways at the same time.
Human beings are complex.
Human beings are complicated and creative.
Human beings are conscious of time, reality, and truth.
Human beings are contemplative.
Human beings are created to have sex - it is as natural a part of life as living and breathing.
Human beings are creations of contradiction.
Human beings are creative by nature.
Human beings are creative.
Human beings are creatures of habit and resist change of any kind, good or bad.
Human beings are creatures of habit, fearful of what is foreign.
Human beings are creatures of habit, some good and some bad.
Human beings are creatures of habit.
Human beings are creatures of order.
Human beings are creatures with bilateral symmetry.
Human beings are deeper and more protean than that.
Human beings are definitely complex systems.
Human beings are deletion creatures.
Human beings are dependent on the Earth's diversity of species for our survival.
Human beings are different from other creatures in two essential ways.
Human beings are different.
Human beings are discourse.
Human beings are duty bound to preserve the earth.
Human beings are easily influenced by the aura of authority, be it spiritual or secular.
Human beings are easily side-tracked by worldly things.
Human beings are either regenerating or they are degenerating.
Human beings are emotional creatures.
Human beings are equally vulnerable.
Human beings are especially able to control their thoughts, entertaining some and dismissing others.
Human beings are essentially the same as dolphins or trees.
Human beings are expensive.
Human beings are experts at inventing vices and evils.
Human beings are extremely adaptable.
Human beings are extremely uncomfortable with the absence of structure in ultimate reality.
Human beings are fallible.
Human beings are familial and social creatures.
Human beings are far from perfect.
Human beings are far more adaptable to environmental changes than are museum objects.
Human beings are far too complex for our current understanding to give definite results.
Human beings are fascinating.
Human beings are fellow-creatures and companions with all creation.
Human beings are fickle.
Human beings are finite creatures.
Human beings are flawed, imperfect and sinful by nature.
Human beings are fragile creatures easily succumbing to fear and desperation.
Human beings are free .
Human beings are free agents in a free world.
Human beings are free only for a little while.
Human beings are full of the lesser and the tragic.
Human beings are geomorphic agents much like rivers, waves, wind and glaciers.
Human beings are goal-seeking creatures.
Human beings are goers.
Human beings are good at rising to challenges.
Human beings are great big conglomerates of millions upon millions of cells.
Human beings are group animals.
Human beings are gullible.
Human beings are highly adaptable organisms.
Human beings are human beings, with that praiseworthy and beautiful visage.
Human beings are human beings.
Human beings are human organisms and go through different stages, just like other living things.
Human beings are hungry for meaning.
Human beings are hungry.
Human beings are immensely diverse and adaptable to their environment.
Human beings are imperfect and imperfectable, and their networks even more so.
Human beings are imperfect and they are quite disposed to do wrong, indeed at times to do evil.
Human beings are in a covenant with each other and with the logos of the universe.
Human beings are in constant battle.
Human beings are in continual interaction with the environment across the lifespan.
Human beings are in control of their god.
Human beings are in danger of losing our connection to the natural world.
Human beings are in fact the custodians of the earth's living environment.
Human beings are in nature, but they somehow also transcend nature.
Human beings are in such a state of despair.
Human beings are incapable of wielding that kind of power.
Human beings are inclined to follow the path of least resistance.
Human beings are incredible.
Human beings are incredibly complex creatures.
Human beings are incredibly slow, inaccurate and ingenious.
Human beings are incredibly smart.
Human beings are incredibly unique because of their facial features.
Human beings are incredibly violent.
Human beings are individuals.
Human beings are inevitably social, influencing and being influenced by social groups.
Human beings are inherently social creatures.
Human beings are innately capable, given half a chance, of doing very wonderful things.
Human beings are instinctively worshipping creatures.
Human beings are intelligent organisms who live in and interact with their environment.
Human beings are intelligent, volitional, choosing, responsible, moral creatures.
Human beings are interdependent .
Human beings are isolated, and sexual relations are sterile and meaningless.
Human beings are just another member of that system which governs all things.
Human beings are just human beings.
Human beings are just like daisies.
Human beings are just naturally quarrelsome entities or beings.
Human beings are just physical objects.
Human beings are like any other biological entity.
Human beings are like big pots of stew.
Human beings are like dozens of ponds, each reflecting the light from the same moon.
Human beings are like that.
Human beings are mammals, programmed with certain biological needs.
Human beings are material in origin.
Human beings are mere pollinators of some nascent machine-consciousness.
Human beings are moral, rational and spiritual creatures.
Human beings are morally equal to animals.
Human beings are more energy efficient growing food than are mechanical means.
Human beings are more fascinated by celebrities than they are by ideas.
Human beings are more intelligent than lower animals.
Human beings are more than economic units which produce goods and services.
Human beings are more than merely another kind of animal, -we are life's messenger.
Human beings are more than their genes.
Human beings are mortal, and death is inevitable.
Human beings are mortal.
Human beings are most afraid of appearing silly or dumb.
Human beings are mostly the same but wonderfully different.
Human beings are much more complex than simple words and ideas can explain.
Human beings are much more complicated than that.
Human beings are much more exalted than angels.
Human beings are multiple-sensory perception living beings.
Human beings are natural pattern recognizers.
Human beings are naturally creative and curious.
Human beings are naturally inquisitive.
Human beings are naturally negative .
Human beings are naturally productive.
Human beings are naturally very curious creatures.
Human beings are necessary to do certain things.
Human beings are never our enemies ultimately, even when they do the most terrible things.
Human beings are never satisfied.
Human beings are no different from each other.
Human beings are no exception.
Human beings are no longer at the center of the universe.
Human beings are notoriously short term creatures.
Human beings are now capable of creating other human beings.
Human beings are now the most numerous mammal on the planet.
Human beings are obsolete.
Human beings are of a twofold nature, both spiritual and bodily.
Human beings are often cruel, callous, closed-minded, sheepish, and selfish.
Human beings are often more concerned with unusual phenomena than spiritual reality.
Human beings are omnivores - they eat both animal and vegetable food.
Human beings are omnivores.
Human beings are omnivorous, meaning they eat meat and plants.
Human beings are only modestly dimorphic.
Human beings are only perfect in test-tubes.
Human beings are orderly creatures.
Human beings are organisms who possess a basic set of intelligences.
Human beings are originally frugivorous.
Human beings are originally nothing.
Human beings are overconfident about their abilities, their knowledge, and their future prospects.
Human beings are part of matter, as is consciousness, but exist in conflict with it.
Human beings are part of the earth's ecosystems.
Human beings are part of the environment.
Human beings are particularly resilient.
Human beings are peculiar.
Human beings are people who like to feel tribal.
Human beings are perhaps nearer to Paramatma than other living creatures.
Human beings are personal type beings.
Human beings are persons both living and dead, as well as embryos.
Human beings are persons by their nature.
Human beings are persons by their very nature.
Human beings are pleasure-centered.
Human beings are pleasure-seekers.
Human beings are powerful beyond comprehension.
Human beings are primates.
Human beings are prisoners of their own ego and imagination.
Human beings are programmed response in every sense of the word.
Human beings are prone to look for quick fixes, formulas, and magic bullets.
Human beings are prone to reinterpret the past in terms of their present negotiated reality.
Human beings are prone to self-seeking behavior.
Human beings are purposeful, teleological, goal-directed beings.
Human beings are qualitatively different from animals, plants, and rocks.
Human beings are quite good at eliminating noise using their own built-in perceptual apparatus.
Human beings are rational minds joined with bodies.
Human beings are reaction machines.
Human beings are really good creating reality.
Human beings are really quite amazing.
Human beings are really very simple creatures.
Human beings are really very tough.
Human beings are remarkably inventive if they have the opportunity.
Human beings are remarkably predictable when it comes to passwords.
Human beings are resilient.
Human beings are resourceful and capable.
Human beings are resourceful souls and find ways to cope with the most difficult of situations.
Human beings are responsible before their society and the outside world.
Human beings are responsible for and accountable to one another.
Human beings are responsible for one another.
Human beings are responsible for what they do because of freedom.
Human beings are restless creatures.
Human beings are roughly round in horizontal cross section.
Human beings are sensation seekers.
Human beings are sexual by nature.
Human beings are sexual, yes they are.
Human beings are sick in their very being.
Human beings are similar, so there is something to learn from all repositories.
Human beings are simple creatures.
Human beings are simply better at remembering names than numbers.
Human beings are sinners.
Human beings are slaves of their habits.
Human beings are slow to change.
Human beings are so funny.
Human beings are so limited.
Human beings are so much more complicated than their shapes.
Human beings are so prone to misunderstand one another.
Human beings are so quick to focus on the negative instead of the positive.
Human beings are so senseless Life tastes good.
Human beings are social animals who live in astonishingly diverse societies.
Human beings are social animals, inclined to work together.
Human beings are social animals, tribal by nature.
Human beings are social animals.
Human beings are social beings.
Human beings are social by nature and, as a result, spend much of their time in groups.
Human beings are social by nature.
Human beings are social creature.
Human beings are social creatures who depend on others to be what they are.
Human beings are social creatures.
Human beings are social primates with social instincts.
Human beings are something altogether different.
Human beings are special precisely because they are human.
Human beings are spirits inside of a body.
Human beings are spiritual as well as physical.
Human beings are spiritual energy transformers.
Human beings are spiritual in nature.
Human beings are still creative creatures, who can make choices and decisions for any circumstance.
Human beings are storytellers, but the stories of our lives are often untold or poorly understood.
Human beings are strange and miraculous creations.
Human beings are strange creatures, indeed.
Human beings are subject to biases and imperfect reasoning about uncertainty.
Human beings are subject to many biorhythms.
Human beings are substances with living material bodies who are sentient and capable of rationality.
Human beings are suggestible creatures.
Human beings are susceptible to it, too.
Human beings are symbolic mediators who can make mountains out of molehills.
Human beings are terrestrial animals and our excreta breaks down best in a terrestrial environment.
Human beings are terrible at listening.
Human beings are territorial.
Human beings are tetrapods.
Human beings are the application sessions.
Human beings are the basis for our action.
Human beings are the being that bridges the two worlds.
Human beings are the biggest cause of fox deaths.
Human beings are the caretakers of the planet.
Human beings are the central factor to keep the world in good order.
Human beings are the chance product of an evolutionary process lacking inherent purpose.
Human beings are the cleverest critters in all creation.
Human beings are the creatures endowed with reason.
Human beings are the crown of creation.
Human beings are the decisive factor in the fight against leprosy.
Human beings are the earth's stewards.
Human beings are the filter through which revelation passes.
Human beings are the means of exchange.
Human beings are the mistake-making animal.
Human beings are the most incredible things that have ever existed.
Human beings are the most invaluable of all on earth.
Human beings are the most lovable creatures and are also the most hateful creatures.
Human beings are the number one bad animal.
Human beings are the only animals to sleep on our backs.
Human beings are the only creator of 'hell'.
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home.
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that can talk themselves into trouble.
Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home.
Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come home.
Human beings are the only known reservoir for mumps virus, and there is only one serotype.
Human beings are the only mammals that drink milk beyond infancy.
Human beings are the only species in the universe that have such a problem with obesity.
Human beings are the only species to recognise the inevitability, and the causes, of death.
Human beings are the only species who can achieve orgasm before puberty.
Human beings are the only species with a history.
Human beings are the problem, according to population people and environmentalists alike.
Human beings are the product of habits and heritage.
Human beings are the products, in the broadest sense, of their social relations.
Human beings are the real problem of the world.
Human beings are the representatives of the nine planets.
Human beings are the result of evolution, and shaped by natural selection.
Human beings are the same all over, differing in physic and colour.
Human beings are the same everywhere.
Human beings are the sole species, which are able to cause a mass extinction of many other species.
Human beings are the top of the totem pole.
Human beings are the ultimate source where religion and science can be bridged.
Human beings are the victims of global environmental problems, and also the culprits.
Human beings are the weakest while that evil intelligent entity is very ferocious.
Human beings are thus naturally incapable of peaceful coexistence.
Human beings are thus the stewards of the created world.
Human beings are tiny.
Human beings are to be responsible stewards of creation.
Human beings are to be the inhabitants.
Human beings are to be treated as ends and never as means.
Human beings are too boney.
Human beings are too complicated to try to capture any and all nuances in an electronic format.
Human beings are toolmakers.
Human beings are 'tool-making animals'.
Human beings are totally free and responsible for their own acts.
Human beings are tougher nuts, can doubt anything, even the evidence of their own eyes.
Human beings are truly a geologic force, acting on systems that affect the entire planet.
Human beings are two parts.
Human beings are unable to understand what time really is.
Human beings are unique and unitary.
Human beings are unique individuals who have worth, rights, and inherent dignity.
Human beings are unique life forms.
Human beings are unique.
Human beings are useful to the extent they contribute to creating maximum profits.
Human beings are valuable in themselves.
Human beings are varied and deserve individual solutions to their problems.
Human beings are varied and have different needs.
Human beings are vastly more powerful and accomplished than they often realize.
Human beings are vertebrates.
Human beings are very acquisitive creatures.
Human beings are very adept at cooperating in such manipulation tasks.
Human beings are very bad at keeping secrets.
Human beings are very close to being different than they used to be.
Human beings are very complex creatures.
Human beings are very good.
Human beings are very similar.
Human beings are very smart yet human babies are more helpless than any other animal.
Human beings are very subjective.
Human beings are viewed as intrinsically spiritual beings.
Human beings are violent by nature.
Human beings are virtually without specific instincts.
Human beings are visual creatures.
Human beings are weasels.
Human beings are what they are because of the genes that they inherited from their parents.
Human beings are wierd.
Human beings are wonderfully adaptable.
Human beings are worth the effort.
Human beings are, after all, only human.
Human beings are, among other things, sexual beings.
Human beings are, as a whole, optimists.
Human beings are, by nature, able to think deeply and come to profound insights.
Human beings are, by nature, curious creatures.
Human beings are, in fact, the frog's worst enemy.
Human beings are, indeed, always necessary.
Human beings are, like other animals, naturally creatures of pleasure and pain.
Human beings are, too.
Human beings ask it because they are by nature both artists and scientists.
Human beings ask lots of questions and sometimes, particularly in the sciences, facts help.
Human beings become increasingly manipulable and malleable.
Human beings become like animals and apes found a society.
Human beings become no more than animals.
Human beings become sinful by the things they say and do.
Human beings become voters.
Human beings begin life as multimodal learners.
Human beings begin to suffer from all that they have created for themselves.
Human beings behave in much the same way when it comes to association.
Human beings being human, they are sinful, fallible, and sometimes evil.
Human beings belong to a group called placental mammals.
Human beings belong to Chordata, the phylum that evolved most recently in the animal kingdom.
Human beings breathe in oxygen and breathe out carbon dioxide.
Human beings can achieve anything through learning.
Human beings can acknowledge the truth of that in many different ways.
Human beings can acquire new gifts.
Human beings can actually derive pleasure from overcoming pain.
Human beings can actually live it, or attempt to do so.
Human beings can adapt to anything.
Human beings can affect the world's water supply.
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes.
Human beings can at times be negligent.
Human beings can be anhedonic and still be conscious.
Human beings can be awful cruel to one another.
Human beings CAN be awful cruel to one another.
Human beings can be lot more complicated.
Human beings can be very stupid.
Human beings can come to terms with some parasitic diseases.
Human beings can communicate more effectively using images and sound as compared to textual data.
Human beings can create dolls.
Human beings can detect a tremendous range of visual and olfactory stimuli.
Human beings can do things quickly but at the cost of occasional errors.
Human beings can easily identify various texture regions in an image.
Human beings can figure out from experience what's right and wrong.
Human beings can fool themselves as individuals and communities.
Human beings can forge a strong link with a place.
Human beings can grow together.
Human beings can harmonize themselves with every situation, and even envisage the risk of death.
Human beings can have no place within their rhetoric.
Human beings can hear audible sound .
Human beings can hear audible sound.
Human beings can hope for a better life and for better things to happen.
Human beings can influence and can be influenced by their family, society and culture.
Human beings can invent things such as cars and airplanes.
Human beings can live in the humility of the other species, or die with inherited hubris.
Human beings can love their mother and their father, their sisters, brothers, uncles and aunts.
Human beings can love without faith, but faith is a great teacher of love.
Human beings can only be in excellence.
Human beings can only exist in space and time inside homes.
Human beings can paint stereotypes with a wide brush, especially during times of crisis.
Human beings can pass it to animals.
Human beings can recover from abuse and short-term isolation.
Human beings can see farther and clearer than ever before in the history of mankind.
Human beings can survive extended periods of time with no food but only a few days without water.
Human beings can survive for only a few days without freshwater.
Human beings can talk with words, eyes, and gestures.
Human beings can understand pictorial information much quicker and easier than written information.
Human beings can use the memory of their past experiences to make judgments about new situations.
Human beings carry a lot of guilt.
Human beings celebrate all sorts of occasions.
Human beings change but slowly.
Human beings change physically and intellectually throughout their lives.
Human beings change their environment.
Human beings change.
Human beings classify things spontaneously.
Human beings climb into huge metal airplanes to fly.
Human beings come first.
Human beings come in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Human beings come in different sizes and shapes.
Human beings communicate using a mixture of verbal and non-verbal communication.
Human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
Human beings comprise as the principal predators of timber rattlesnakes.
Human beings consider change if they feel supported and accepted.
Human beings consist of bazillions of tiny little animalcules, all whirling around together.
Human beings consist of body, soul, and spirit three aspects or levels of existence.
Human beings construct meaning just as spiders make webs.
Human beings consumes oil for power supply.
Human beings control the appearance of pedigrees through selective breeding.
Human beings cooperate voluntary and communicate better.
Human beings crash much differently than dummies.
Human beings crave freedom.
Human beings crave physical affection.
Human beings crave variety in every aspect of their being, except people.
Human beings create meaning in a variety of ways.
Human beings create money.
Human beings create more than they use, on average.
Human beings create suffering because of greed, anger and delusion.
Human beings create their experience by the activity of their thinking.
Human beings create their experiences by the activity of their thinking.
Human beings create their experiences through the activity of their thinking.
Human beings create their worlds.
Human beings create themselves as 'species being' by appro- priating nature.
Human beings create, learn, and adapt culture.
Human beings damage healthy environment by uncontrolled activities.
Human beings deal with sex differently than animals do, hence all the emotions that come with it.
Human beings decide identity.
Human beings define themselves through the projects with which they become involved.
Human beings deliver a more variable service than machines.
Human beings depend on and hopefully live in harmony with the plant kingdom.
Human beings depend on biodiversity for such basic necessities as food, medicine, and energy.
Human beings depend on culture for survival.
Human beings depend on Earth's environment for the following resources.
Human beings depend on nature.
Human beings depend on the resources of nature.
Human beings depend on upon different biotic and abiotic factors of the ecosystem.
Human beings derive emotional and physical benefits from their relationships with companion animals.
Human beings derive knowledge from sources other than sensory stimuli, such as intuition .
Human beings derive knowledge from sources other than sensory stimuli, such as intuition.
Human beings derive pleasure from many sources, including food, leisure and intimacy.
Human beings deserve respect and equal treatment regardless of their origins or social standing.
Human beings deserve respect no matter what their opinions on con troversial issues.
Human beings destroy thier ecology at the same time that they destroy one another.
Human beings develop and grow in a fairly predictable way that is controlled by our heredity.
Human beings develop habits because they move one toward a certain end.
Human beings differ from their animal fellow-creatures on the earth as regards their physical form.
Human beings differ in their natural capacity to acquire the virtues required in a ruler.
Human beings differentiate themselves from other groups in order to gain their identity.
Human beings do a lot of leaping prior to looking when it comes to the environment.
Human beings do as they wish.
Human beings do best in bigger cities, where they can assure themselves of their mutual importance.
Human beings do consume marijuana in some places by eating it.
Human beings do have the ability to think rationally.
Human beings do human things.
Human beings do it well.
Human beings do love to hate.
Human beings do many things that drastically affect the condition of the atmosphere.
Human beings do more than merely sense their world through sight, sound, touch, taste, or smell.
Human beings do that.
Human beings do things because they are evolutionarily programmed to do so.
Human beings do what they intend for the reasons that they give.
Human beings do.
Human beings dream of finding Earth-like worlds around other stars.
Human beings eat mainly cooked food, while cows eat raw grass.
Human beings eat to growth, to get energy and to stay healthy.
Human beings emerge between piss and shit, and so do novels and poems.
Human beings enjoy a basic harmony of interest.
Human beings enjoy fantasy.
Human beings enslave human beings.
Human beings envision bold futures but only imperfectly.
Human beings establish lasting loving bonds.
Human beings excrete mainly urea, which is eliminated in urine.
Human beings exhibit a wide array of emotions and reactions.
Human beings exist in a uniquely human context, as well as in a cosmic ecology.
Human beings experience fragmentariness, incompleteness and brokenness.
Human beings experience infrared waves as heat.
Human beings experience the world through their senses.
Human beings exploit the environment, other species and each other.
Human beings face one of the greatest challenges ever.
Human beings fail.
Human beings fall ill and then they do recover.
Human beings fall prey to all sorts of addictions all the time.
Human beings find comfort and trust in likeness.
Human beings find narrative in just about anything.
Human beings find shelter in apartment buildings, townhouses and ranch-style homes, just to start.
Human beings form a species different from animals, jinn and angels.
Human beings form social systems.
Human beings frustrated with ill treatment continue to rise up much as they did in centuries past.
Human beings get tired.
Human beings get to be saints by fighting out the battle with themselves, the flesh and the devil.
Human beings get to choose.
Human beings give off approximately one quart of moisture a day.
Human beings grow by being challenged.
Human beings hate weeds.
Human beings have a biological urge to connect with one another.
Human beings have a close connection with minerals, plants, and animals.
Human beings have a duty of care for their animals, including livestock.
Human beings have a gamut of internal timed mechanisms.
Human beings have a knack for being easily influenced.
Human beings have a knack for forgetting the Sabbath.
Human beings have a long-standing special relationship with the river.
Human beings have a lot to learn from animals.
Human beings have a more limited and very slow pace to species' development.
Human beings have a natural balance in using the creative and analytical parts of their brains.
Human beings have a natural desire to celebrate important events and turning points in life.
Human beings have a natural desire to change their worlds for the better.
Human beings have a natural revlusion to contaminates.
Human beings have a natural urge to destroy themselves.
Human beings have a nature.
Human beings have a potential value based on their ability to create and communicate.
Human beings have a price to pay for walking upright.
Human beings have a purpose beyond merely nodding off in a drug-induced haze.
Human beings have a remarkable and sad capacity for getting tired of wonderful things.
Human beings have a responsibility to act and act decisively.
Human beings have a right to be angry at times.
Human beings have a right to free expression and free exchange of information.
Human beings have a right to live.
Human beings have a right to self-determination and to make informed choices.
Human beings have a right, and even a responsibility, to assert their rights.
Human beings have a sensory system to do that.
Human beings have a tendency to emphasize our accomplishments and gloss over our failures.
Human beings have a tendency to identify themselves with the plight of the powerful.
Human beings have a tendency to mess up their surroundings.
Human beings have a tendency to stick their heads in the fire.
Human beings have a tremendous impact, both individually and collectively.
Human beings have a true basic connection of commonality and then diversity.
Human beings have a unique position in the order of creation.
Human beings have a very hard time with change, but small increments can be effected painlessly.
Human beings have a very long history and their history is full of the discoveries about the world.
Human beings have a very weak sense of smell.
Human beings have a way of taking a long time to work off the rough edges.
Human beings have an amazing diversity of talents.
Human beings have an amazing faculty for taking hold of the moment and running with it.
Human beings have an enormous capacity to add meaning to things.
Human beings have an extraordinary capacity for, evil.
Human beings have an impact on river ecosystems .
Human beings have an inclination to avoid pain, be it physical or mental.
Human beings have an incredible capacity to adapt to new environments.
Human beings have an infinite ability to create knowledge.
Human beings have an inherent spiritual and religious nature.
Human beings have an innate desire to hear stories of the afterlife.
Human beings have an innate desire to learn, to connect with others, and to share.
Human beings have an obligation to be good stewards of our environment.
Human beings have an obligation to cultivate themselves morally.
Human beings have an occupational nature.
Human beings have an unlimited capacity to give and receive love.
Human beings have an unlimited, incurable desire to help sufferers.
Human beings have bodies, inexorably linked to the natural world.
Human beings have bodies, minds and characters.
Human beings have both a class character and a national character.
Human beings have certain general needs.
Human beings have detectable gravity fields.
Human beings have good days and bad days, and have impulses.
Human beings have incredibly short lifespans.
Human beings have -level organization, in which groups of organs work together to do a certain job.
Human beings have limited sensitivity ranges in their five senses.
Human beings have limits and require attention From the time they're born Until the time they die.
Human beings have limits to their adaptive powers.
Human beings have many similarities and differences.
Human beings have more complicated social relationships than other animals.
Human beings have multiple intelligences.
Human beings have natural physical response to sexual stimulation.
Human beings have no limit to their creativity.
Human beings have no nutritional requirements for the processed milk from the udder of a cow.
Human beings have no right to abuse any animal for any reason.
Human beings have no right to eliminate other species.
Human beings have no right to purposely destroy a species.
Human beings have no righteousness of our own.
Human beings have no social contracts with other animals.
Human beings have nothing to offer.
Human beings have obligations to behave in certain ways toward all other aspects of creation.
Human beings have on the order of a hundred billion neurons.
Human beings have one great drawback, which is that they often become hungry.
Human beings have only limited capacity to process information.
Human beings have potentially infinite capabilities.
Human beings have problems.
Human beings have reserves of courage that are often hard to imagine.
Human beings have rich possibilities - one can be manly and womanly at the same time.
Human beings have rights, including the right to life.
Human beings have self-awareness and ego.
Human beings have short memories.
Human beings have so many problems.
Human beings have some choice and, with that, responsibility.
Human beings have some choice, and with that, responsibility.
Human beings have souls.
Human beings have such amazing potential for kindness, creativity, love and laughter.
Human beings have ten fingers.
Human beings have the ability to acquire knowledge through various processes.
Human beings have the ability to cultivate virtue and dispel ignorance.
Human beings have the ability to impose some useful order, sometimes.
Human beings have the ability to inflict pain.
Human beings have the amazing ability to control or alter the course of their lives.
Human beings have the capacity for that against all odds.
Human beings have the capacity to sin largely as a result of having the capacity to plan.
Human beings have the fundamental desire to pursue the values of trueness, goodness, and beauty.
Human beings have the most complex brains of all animals.
Human beings have the most remarkable potential to transcend insurmountable odds.
Human beings have the problem of appetite control consciously driven.
Human beings have the rare capacity to connect with each other, against all odds.
Human beings have the right to what is human.
Human beings have the unique capacity to change, to be transformed.
Human beings have the weakness of loving their children the most.
Human beings have the wonderful ability to adapt to all kinds of situations.
Human beings have their existence in a uniquely human context, as well as being in a cosmic ecology.
Human beings have their good days and bad days.
Human beings have their limitations, however, and they make imperfect judgments.
Human beings have their nature and animals have their nature.
Human beings have to act correctly, then they become human beings.
Human beings have to bring their behavior in line with the inherent symbiosis of all living things.
Human beings have to deal with the problem every time they enter a building and walk on a sidewalk.
Human beings have to figure out how to survive in the physical environment they find themselves.
Human beings have to sleep.
Human beings have too slow reflex for that kind of measurements on the surface of our planet.
Human beings have twenty-three pairs of chromosomes.
Human beings have two dimensions, a spiritual dimension and a physical dimension.
Human beings have two types of tendencies-arthic, or material, and paramarthic, or spiritual.
Human beings have very low tolerance for it.
Human beings have ways and means to climate, they adjust.
Human beings have wisdom.
Human beings hold attitudes because they are useful.
Human beings imagine and live within a notion that earth is the end of all.
Human beings imagine death, anticipate death and die a thousand deaths before their time has come.
Human beings increase greenhouse gas levels in the atmosphere through many daily activities.
Human beings ingest most of the flame retardants with their food.
Human beings interact best through teamwork.
Human beings interact with one another in a vast market of exchange, of pitch and purchase.
Human beings interact with their environment.
Human beings know how to adapt to harsh conditions.
Human beings learn about their group's culture by the transfer of information by behavioral means.
Human beings learn at different rates and through different modalities.
Human beings learn best in environments where purpose and meaning are possible.
Human beings learn by experience.
Human beings learn complicated concepts from others through various methods of communcation.
Human beings learn complicated concepts from others through various methods of communication.
Human beings learn in wholes.
Human beings learn through analysis, trial and error, correction, and constant practice.
Human beings learn through horticulture.
Human beings like to communicate, particularly the English.
Human beings like to divide people into categories.
Human beings like to eat meat, also kill many animals.
Human beings like to modify the environment they live in.
Human beings like to talk to, look at, watch, smell other human beings.
Human beings live according to their view of life.
Human beings live and are kept alive through their coexistence with animals, plants and minerals.
Human beings live in a state of mind called 'sanity' on a small planet in space.
Human beings live in caves and grunt a lot.
Human beings live in symbolic social life worlds.
Human beings live in that current.
Human beings live in the darkness of the prison cells of pairs of opposites.
Human beings live longer than most other animals, but all living things die.
Human beings live storm-tossed lives.
Human beings live surrounded by information.
Human beings live within the world's ecosystems.
Human beings live without any kind of satisfaction, always seeking after something.
Human beings look very tragic when they are starving.
Human beings love all things beautiful, and the mermaid has a bewitching allure.
Human beings love certainty.
Human beings love nature.
Human beings love stories.
Human beings love the idea of getting something for nothing.
Human beings love to employ the latest technology just for killing each other.
Human beings love to listen to stories.
Human beings make a big difference.
Human beings make a lot of mistakes.
Human beings make beautiful objects by their hands using intelligence and imagination.
Human beings make choices based on rules.
Human beings make choices.
Human beings make conditions.
Human beings make errors.
Human beings make it safe or dangerous.
Human beings make mistakes and get hooked on drugs.
Human beings make mistakes and have shortcomings.
Human beings make mistakes and nursing homes employ human beings.
Human beings make mistakes.
Human beings make sense of their lives in story.
Human beings make something, and enter the ocean of suffering.
Human beings make the world they live in, and they can remake it.
Human beings make war.
Human beings mingle with the rich Milan running crowd, and too often trapped in their own tragedies.
Human beings molt, just like crabs and snakes.
Human beings molt,just like crabs and snakes.
Human beings navigate topologically with complex models and symbols of a high degree of abstraction.
Human beings order, display and ornament created objects according to their needs and desires.
Human beings organize socially.
Human beings ought to be able to do better.
Human beings ought to be protected equally.
Human beings ought to fulfill their potential.
Human beings perceive gloxym as blue and vice versa.
Human beings perform at their best when they are working toward a rewarding objective.
Human beings possess a capability far beyond animals.
Human beings possess a very high value, therefore, and importance in the creation.
Human beings possess an essential nature characterized by rational thought.
Human beings possess an operant drive to mastery or motive to be effective in the world.
Human beings possess spiritual souls.
Human beings possess too much complexity for a story.
Human beings possess unique intellectual, cultural, and communicative abilities.
Human beings prefer harmony to discord.
Human beings prefer humidities that are below the critical relative humidity for mold growth.
Human beings procrastinate.
Human beings produce their own means of existence.
Human beings ravag e and pillage and destroy, for profit.
Human beings react well to faces that they have seen before.
Human beings realize life's true beauty, charm and meaning only when they live an artistic life.
Human beings regulate body temperature by sweating, with the inevitable loss of body water.
Human beings rely on history to define their inner selves.
Human beings rely on many things in order to survive.
Human beings represent one of the main threats to tigers.
Human beings reproduce other human beings.
Human beings require an accurate mental map of reality in order to live and prosper happily.
Human beings require food to grow, reproduce, and maintain good health.
Human beings respire through lungs.
Human beings respond positively to symbols, signs and pictures.
Human beings respond to friendliness.
Human beings respond with various forms of self destruction in their efforts to escape coercion.
Human beings reveal themselves by what questions they ask.
Human beings run on the principle of oscillation.
Human beings say things in different ways.
Human beings see many things other than what they are looking at.
Human beings see oppression vividly when they're the victims.
Human beings see the world from a finite perspective.
Human beings see the world quite differently to the way a camera lens does.
Human beings seek fulfillment or happiness.
Human beings seek out pleasure in many ways and at every opportunity.
Human beings seek to understand their historical roots and to locate themselves in time.
Human beings seem capable of rationalizing some very slippery behavior.
Human beings seem to be curious by nature.
Human beings seem to be fascinated with the passage of time.
Human beings seem to be fighting the evolutionary pressure to sleep.
Human beings seem to be intuitively attuned to structures.
Human beings seem to be naturally equipped to experience the metaphysical world.
Human beings seem to be one of the few commodities that lose value with age.
Human beings seem to give their adoration to the celebrity, the wealthy and the powerful.
Human beings seem to have an instinct to master their surroundings that way.
Human beings sense, perceive and react to a lot of consciously undetected stimuli.
Human beings share a number of undeniable similarities.
Human beings share basic realities such as the physical world and psychological needs.
Human beings share common concerns, hopes, fears, and conflicts.
Human beings share it only with a much smaller number of other animals.
Human beings share many characteristics with other objects.
Human beings share the dignity that everything in creation shares.
Human beings snatch away the lives of other creatures whenever it suits their purposes.
Human beings spend all their energies and talents in the pursuit of bread.
Human beings start out as a clean slate.
Human beings suffer because they perceive their lives to be boring and kitschy, devoid of meaning.
Human beings suffer, They torture one another, They get hurt and get hard.
Human beings survive by reshaping nature to fulfill their needs.
Human beings survive by the help of others.
Human beings take more pleasure in doing something as they become more proficient at it.
Human beings take their place in the natural order of things in the same way that cows and fish do.
Human beings take their power to control the future, even if only in a small way, for granted.
Human beings talk to each other.
Human beings tell stories.
Human beings tend innately toward wellness and balance.
Human beings tend to be carnivores.
Human beings tend to be impressionable, reactionary creatures.
Human beings tend to divorce during around the fourth year of marriage.
Human beings tend to focus on someone to blame when things go wrong.
Human beings tend to forget things like phone numbers, names, and especially passwords.
Human beings tend to gather into groups.
Human beings tend to get bored with something if they do it all the time.
Human beings tend to lie, deceive, manipulate, and pretend.
Human beings tend to make differences among themselves.
Human beings tend to rise to the level of their thinking.
Human beings tend to root for the underdog.
Human beings tend to take things for granted.
Human beings tend towards possesiveness in our culture, that is a given.
Human beings think and speak in real time.
Human beings think emotionally.
Human beings think of ideas as related to each other and the world as a somewhat orderly place.
Human beings think on a higher platform than the animals do.
Human beings threaten every species on the planet.
Human beings thrive on interaction.
Human beings travel all over the world across political boundaries.
Human beings try things.
Human beings try to order their lives in terms of what they find to be good, beautiful, and true.
Human beings understand each other through the communication of symbols or in other words, language.
Human beings understand one another intimately and at many levels.
Human beings understand the concept of synonyms easily, but computers are more limited.
Human beings understand things better when they can experience it themselves.
Human beings understand, learn and create through challenge.
Human beings use all sorts of principles of selection.
Human beings use animals for a wide variety of purposes, including research.
Human beings use emotional, nonvocal sounds in their ceremonies, rites, and rituals.
Human beings use every single finger of their hands.
Human beings use many excuses in acting on their evil impulses.
Human beings use oxygen as fuel to power the body.
Human beings use such knowledge to change negative experiences into positive accomplishments.
Human beings use symbolic processes to solve problems, reason, speak and write, learn and invent.
Human beings use technology to match or exceed many of the abilities of other species.
Human beings use technology to match or excel many of the abilities of other species.
Human beings use their choice of words, inter alia, to provide emphasis.
Human beings use their hands to put food into their mouth and swallow the food after chewing.
Human beings use their vision to learn a great deal about the world in which they live.
Human beings vote with their feet.
Human beings wish to listen to stories.
Human beings work best in groups of a certain size.
Human beings work best with positive reinforcement.
Human beings work on account of money .
Human beings yearn for simplicity.
All human being are the forms of god and therefore are equal in every sense of the term.
All human beings abhor misery.
All human beings agree that only goods obtained in a legitimate manner are permissible to eat.
All human beings are a part of the collective consciousness.
All human beings are also dream beings.
All human beings are basically alike.
All human beings are basically cousins.
All human beings are basically entrepreneurs.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.
All human beings are bundles of whirling energy.
All human beings are dependent upon language for communication.
All human beings are different.
All human beings are divine beings and their equality ultimately rests in their divinity.
All human beings are equal before the law.
All human beings are equal in dignity and human rights.
All human beings are equal in dignity and value.
All human beings are ethnocentric at the start.
All human beings are fallible.
All human beings are imperfect.
All human beings are innately creative.
All human beings are like that today.
All human beings are mortal.
All human beings are of equal dignity.
All human beings are of value and have the potential for healing, growth and change.
All human beings are persons.
All human beings are sacred, and are to be treated with respect and dignity.
All human beings are sensitive to threats to the values by which they identify themselves.
All human beings are social, to some extent.
All human beings are symbol manipulating machines, and so are computers.
All human beings are the children of Earth.
All human beings are thereby worthy of the utmost respect.
All human beings are to live forever in a condition dependent upon that judgment.
All human beings are worthy of being treated with dignity and respect.
All human beings belong inseparably to nature, in which human culture and civilization are rooted.
All human beings belong to a single species and are descended from a common stock.
All human beings breathe, all the time and involuntarily.
All human beings change over the years.
All human beings come from one and the same origin and share a continuous and integrated history.
All human beings come from the same ancestral stock.
All human beings come from two cells.
All human beings construct theories.
All human beings deserve a decen t quality of life.
All human beings deserve a decent quality of life.
All human beings deserve care and kindness regardless of their faith.
All human beings deserve to be treated as human beings.
All human beings experience both real loss of valued people and emotional losses.
All human beings experience the same thoughts, emotions, and experiences.
All human beings have a congenital tendency toward evil.
All human beings have a consciousness of mortality, finiteness, guilt and responsibility.
All human beings have a drive for power, it is the essence of survival.
All human beings have a male aspect to themselves, sometimes called the inner male.
All human beings have a natural disposition just to be.
All human beings have a natural propensity to learn.
All human beings have a right to equal liberty.
All human beings have an equal capacity for mistreatment of non-aggressive males.
All human beings have an equal chance of salvation.
All human beings have basic needs to live, grow and develop.
All human beings have both rights and duties.
All human beings have class systems.
All human beings have common origins and are inter- related.
All human beings have common origins and are inter-related.
All human beings have dignity and worth.
All human beings have equal rights.
All human beings have failings, all human beings have needs and temptations and stresses.
All human beings have foibles.
All human beings have many, Different and deep traits.
All human beings have problems in their lives.
All human beings have self-conceptions about their creative powers.
All human beings have strengths and weaknesses.
All human beings have the freedom of choice.
All human beings have the fundamental right to sufficient, safe and healthy food.
All human beings have the highest potential.
All human beings have the potential to be their best self.
All human beings have the right to life, guilty people, too.
All human beings have the right to protection against ethnocide and genocide.
All human beings have the same ethical obligation to fulfill their innate needs.
All human beings have the same gestalt impressions about the world.
All human beings have vessels to fill.
All human beings have weaknesses.
All human beings hope to achieve the best quality of life for their families.
All human beings imperfect.
All human beings interact with their environment.
All human beings live every day with the possibility of loss, tragedy, and even disaster.
All human beings love themselves.
All human beings make mistakes and hurt one another.
All human beings move basically the same way.
All human beings possess, by nature, three fundamental human rights .
All human beings prefer meaningful work to meaningless work.
All human beings reach out for recognition, attention, praise, and acceptance.
All human beings represent a composite of strengths and weaknesses.
All human beings share a number of fundamental psychological needs.
All human beings share the experience of suffering and evil.
All human beings try to express in some manner what they feel.
Any human being can get pneumococcal infection.
Any human being can make a mistake.
Any human being can trace their ancestry back to Africa.
Any human being is a fair target for the slave-traders.
Any human being is capable of becoming sexually aroused without any physical contact.
Every human being carries genes that predispose to common illnesses.
Every human being carries six to eight abnormal recessive genes.
Every human being contains a soul, a divine spark, and therefore every life has infinite value.
Every human being contains elements that can be found in the universe.
Every human being continues to live as a complete person after the death of the body.
Every human being faces difficulties in life.
Every human being falls in the category of a created being.
Every human being generates a unique biomagnetic energy field.
Every human being gets sick, sooner or later.
Every human being has a conscience, a guide to determining right from wrong.
Every human being has a dark side that can manifest itself in ugly and brutal ways.
Every human being has a desire to communicate.
Every human being has a different past.
Every human being has a divine destiny, and society exists to serve it.
Every human being has a fingerprint.
Every human being has a fork two yards long.
Every human being has a gender orientation.
Every human being has a guide.
Every human being has a longing for the transcendental.
Every human being has a natural tendency to be good.
Every human being has a particular place and function in society, a particular role, a post.
Every human being has a positive attribute.
Every human being has a purpose.
Every human being has a right to food.
Every human being has a right to live free from persecution.
Every human being has a right to live, to sustain life.
Every human being has a right to survival.
Every human being has a similar set of eyes.
Every human being has a special dream .
Every human being has a special gift, and to lose it our defile it or ignore it is a great sadness.
Every human being has a story.
Every human being has a tendency to remember the good and overlook the bad times.
Every human being has a unique value, which justifies moral consideration for that person.
Every human being has an aim in life.
Every human being has an inner drive towards sensory integration.
Every human being has an inviolable right to life.
Every human being has an issue.
Every human being has an ultimate goal.
Every human being has ancestors, the number of which doubles with each preceding generation.
Every human being has another visual perception.
Every human being has basic needs, including food, water, shelter, energy, and waste disposal.
Every human being has desires.
Every human being has emotions, feelings, desires, and needs.
Every human being has good qualities and bad qualities.
Every human being has immense capacities of strength, of faith, of potential achievement.
Every human being has infinitely more capacity to live imaginatively than our usual habits permit.
Every human being has intellectual and physical capital.
Every human being has it.
Every human being has merits and sins.
Every human being has one thing in common each day.
Every human being has perhaps a different key to it.
Every human being has power as well.
Every human being has some VNTRs.
Every human being has spirituality.
Every human being has talent with regard to language.
Every human being has that craving for the purity and beauty and innocence.
Every human being has that kind of life, love and lineage headquarters, the so-called sexual organs.
Every human being has that potential.
Every human being has that something within that is unique to themselves.
Every human being has the ability to invent something, to be creative.
Every human being has the capacity for every sin ever invented, including homosexuality.
Every human being has the capacity to be a builder and contributor.
Every human being has the equal right to life, liberty, security, and justice.
Every human being has the freedom of autonomy.
Every human being has the inalienable right to be free from the scourge of hunger.
Every human being has the inherent right to life.
Every human being has the right to be treated as a person in the eyes of the law.
Every human being has the right to education.
Every human being has the right to freedom of speech and peaceful assembly.
Every human being has the right to live.
Every human being has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law.
Every human being has the same immune system with the exception of genetic or mutational variation.
Every human being has the same potential without losing confidence, with great determination.
Every human being has their first birth by uniting the seed of man and of woman.
Every human being has thousands of genes that determine their traits.
Every human being has to deal with stress.
Every human being has value, starting with children.
Every human being has virtues.
Every human being has weaknesses.
Every human being has worth and dignity - from conception to the last natural breath.
Every human being is a born creator.
Every human being is a clown but only few have the courage to show it.
Every human being is a composite of strengths and weaknesses.
Every human being is a diamond in the rough waiting to be brought to full brilliance.
Every human being is a gift, and every one has value.
Every human being is a member of many cultures.
Every human being is a national asset.
Every human being is a person-a being with hopes, needs, cares, and fears.
Every human being is a poet at heart.
Every human being is a product of their genes and their environment.
Every human being is a self-owner with inalienable rights.
Every human being is a sinner.
Every human being is a tapestry.
Every human being is a unique member of the civilized world community.
Every human being is a universe and every woman is a teacher of that universe.
Every human being is a whole world.
Every human being is a work of art.
Every human being is an individual and needs individual exercises.
Every human being is born by parents who have a standard of right and wrong.
Every human being is born dying.
Every human being is born free, and almost immediately, enslaved by some form of government.
Every human being is born into a group and spends a lifetime in patterned social relations.
Every human being is born once from their mother's womb and destined to die once.
Every human being is born with a healthy emotional system.
Every human being is born with a purpose and mission in life.
Every human being is born with the potential for distinction, excellence, and greatness.
Every human being is bound to feel ill sometime and somehow.
Every human being is called on every day to exercise faith to some degree.
Every human being is capable of failing during the trials and tribulations of life.
Every human being is capable of healing.
Every human being is created body, soul, and spirit.
Every human being is created to be homo faber, man the fabricator, man the maker, man the worker.
Every human being is different and the immune system for each is different.
Every human being is different when they return to Earth.
Every human being is different.
Every human being is either in Adam and lost or in Jesus Christ and saved.
Every human being is endowed with an autonomous nervous system.
Every human being is endowed with positive and negative energy.
Every human being is endowed with the ability to Dance regardless of talent or experience.
Every human being is enlisted in one kingdom or the other.
Every human being is entitled to a chance to live.
Every human being is entitled to life, freedom, dignity, justice and security.
Every human being is entitled to some degree of rights or freedom.
Every human being is equal, regardless of race, color, or gender.
Every human being is equally a human being.
Every human being is important.
Every human being is individually responsible for their own actions and their own beliefs.
Every human being is intelligent enough to know the difference between wrong and right.
Every human being is liable to err in future.
Every human being is like a new chapter.
Every human being is of ultimate worth, equal value and unique individuality.
Every human being is potentially vulnerable to stress.
Every human being is precious.
Every human being is responsible for the world.
Every human being is simultaneously a human person.
Every human being is so much more than the worst thing that person has ever done.
Every human being is unique and offers a gift by setting their story before others.
Every human being is unique.
Every human being is uniquely different.
Every human being is willing to die to do the right thing.
Every human being makes mistakes and hurts others.
Every human being needs a family to survive.
Every human being needs a memory.
Every human being needs acceptance and appreciation.
Every human being needs certain things, shelter, clothing, and food.
Every human being needs friendships on two different levels.
Every human being needs their self esteem.
Every human being ought rather to deal honestly and fairly.
Every human being ought rather to have respect for life.
Every human being ought rather to speak and act truthfully.
Every human being owns the rights to their own image.
Every human being possesses a unique individual character.
Every human being possesses either one or the other or both.
Every human being possesses juridical personality and has the full enjoyment of civil rights.
Every human being produces their own melatonin.
Every human being seeks happiness.
Every human being sees the horrors that mankind commits upon mankind.
Every human being sees the world through different eyes.
Every human being uses signs and is involved in sign processes.
Every human being wants justice Each and every human being desires justice.
Every human being wants security.
Every human being wants the answer to that question.
Every human being wants to be able to fly.
Every human being wants to be involved in something that s absolutely absolute.
Every human being wants to be loved.
Every human being wants to be valued.
Every human being wants to feel important-needed.
Many human beings are intelligent, but have little or no compassion.
Many human beings are still their brother's victims.
Many human beings have emotional holes that are deeper than the deepest granite quarry.
Many human beings live their lives in pain.
Many human beings love others expecting nothing in return except continued racial slurs or slander.
Most human being has characteristics.
Most human beings are afraid to give it.
Most human beings are allergic to light.
Most human beings are born from a mother and a father.
Most human beings are busy and preoccupied with their own interests and obligations.
Most human beings are innately curious.
Most human beings are innately tribal.
Most human beings are only concerned for themselves.
Most human beings are significantly out of alignment with gravity.
Most human beings are sinners, but the beasts are innocent.
Most human beings become short of breath and tire easily when they move to higher altitudes.
Most human beings come into the world through sexual reproduction.
Most human beings develop a conscience which dictates their behavior in countless directions.
Most human beings exist in a balance between fear and fear.
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
Most human beings have deep-seated religious beliefs and engage in intricate religious ritual.
Most human beings have some artistic interests.
Most human beings learn at least one language with amazing ease.
Most human beings move away from their emotions particularly if they are painful.
Most human beings rely on a few foods to supply most of their daily calories.
Most human beings seem to have defense mechanism against changing their ways of thinking and acting.
Some human being has impact.
Some human beings are incapable of being legally or morally responsible for their actions.
Some human beings are less valuable than cows.
Some human beings make a couple of policemen on patrol duty aware of a body in the water.
Human benevolence is mingled with vanity, interest, or some other motive.
Human biology evolves in large measure as the development of the capacity for culture.
Human biology has as many variations as there are humans.
Human biology has important implications in the personal lives of all students.
Human biology is a useful subject to have studied.
Human biology is required of all social work majors.
Human biology is under enormous oxidative stress.
Human biology is, it's true, wired up for sex and nothing else.
Human birth is a beginning.
Human birth is a blessing.
Human birth is a purely animal process.
Human birth is full of suffering.
Human birth is the rarest among all living beings.
Human birth is the rarest of all births.
Any human birth is considered a great opportunity.
Human bites are also a cause of infection.
Human bites are another issue all together.
Human bites are deadly serious because of the high risk of infection and disease.
Human bites are more dirty than animals.
Human bites are more likely to become infected than animal bites.
Human bites are more prone to infection than dog bites.
Human bites are often the result of one person striking another in the mouth with a clenched fist.
Human bites are rare and are usually received only when handling a shrew.
Human bites can easily become infected.
Human bites demand immediate medical treatment by a physician.
Human blastomycosis presents as a pulmonary or extrapulmonary infection.
Human blood contains a red pigment called hemoglobin, which carries oxygen to the cells.
Human blood is a very sacred thing.
Human blood is essential to the body's immune system.
Human blood is full of hormones.
Human blood is highly infectious.
Human blood is made of a fluid called plasma that carries red and white blood cells and platelets .
Human blood is preferred over other animals with ankles as a favorite bite area.
Human blood is quite salty.
Human blood is red because it has a red pigment called hemoglobin which contains iron.
Human blood is the best available therapy for correcting the oxygern-carrying defect in anemia.
Human blood is their only source of nourishment.
All human blood runs red.
Some human blood causes diseases.
Human bloodlines are hopelessly and blessedly crossed.
A human body is a body
Human bodies are albums.
Human bodies are basically evil.
Human bodies are bodies.
Human bodies are body parts.
Human bodies are heat sources.
Human bodies are like houses.
Human bodies are located in funerals.
Human bodies are made of flesh.
Human bodies are made of molecules.
Human bodies are made of water.
Human bodies are part of homos.
Human bodies are part of people.
Human bodies are physical objects.
Human bodies are sure a lot more fun than cockroach bodies.
Human bodies are used to air pressure.
Human bodies can act differently.
Human bodies can easily absorb different kinds of toxic substances.
Human bodies contain and give off sulphur, which is harmful to covers, documents, and photographs.
Human bodies defend their weight very, very vigorously.
Human bodies fight diets.
Human bodies give off sulphur.
Human bodies have a built-in temperature regulation system.
Human bodies have an enormous ability to handle and store toxins.
Human bodies have rhythms.
Human bodies have similarities and differences.
Human bodies have skeletons.
Human bodies have trouble adjusting to rapid changes in pressure.
Human bodies have water.
Human bodies produce a lot of heat.
Human bodies require at least six hours of sleep every day to stay active and alert.
Human bodies treat dead, toxic fuel, like cooked meat, as waste.
Human body absorbs tea easily and quickly so it is the most commonly used method.
Human body can use carbohydrates, fat, protein and alchol as a source of energy.
Human body has hundreds of enzymes.
Human body is a miniature universe itself.
Human body is a society of cells.
Human body is only a reflection of a higher ethereal essence present in the cosmos.
Human body is subjected to pleasures and sufferings.
Human body is the same as the heaven and the earth itself.
Human body suffers ravages of time.
All human body wastes.
Every human body has sensitive spots.
Every human body is different.
Every human body is divine.
Human bombs are another weapon in the battle.
Human bondage is arguably the worst civil rights violation in Australia today.
Human bondage is far more commonly mental than physical.
Human bones are body parts.
Human bones are bones.
Human bones are hard, calcified structures with caverns that hold the living bone cells.
Human bones are stronger than concrete.
Human bones can withstand stresses of twenty-four thousand pounds per square inch.
Human bones contain calcium.
Human bones lay just centimeters from the surface.
Human brain can quickly adjust to different color temperatures.
Human brain is a computer.
Human brain is an important part of the human body.
Human brain is highly complex, non-linear, parallal and efficient information processing system.
Human brain is the most important of all the organs of the body.
Human brains are body parts.
Human brains are brains.
Human brains are larger and more complex than most mammals and all other living primates.
Human brains are the most prominent medium in which memes live.
Human brains are vastly underpowered to deal with the pace of modern living.
Human brains can pose problems at both the beginning and the ending of life.
Human brains can reconstruct some of the information that is lost in packets.
Human brains continue to quickly grow during the first two years of life.
Human brains have a wider variance.
Human brains have components for communicating with one another using language.
Human brains have energy.
Human brains have trouble.
Human brains like to describe themselves as the most complex objects in the known universe.
Human brains seem ready-made to process language.
Human brains serve a function which can be performed equally well by other mechanical systems.
Human brains weight two percent of our total weight.
Most human brains have energy.
Most human brains have trouble.
Some human brains fare little better.
Human breast milk contributes to cognitive development.
Human breast milk contributes to development.
Human breast milk provides adequate nutrition.
Human breast milk provides nutrition.
Human breath serves as an excellent stimulus to provoke defensive behavior in honey bees.
Human brotherhood is at the core of the poor's project.
Human brotherhood is rejected, even more than all the other traditional moral values.
Human business is holy business - and frequently messy business.
Most human cancers are a type called carcinomas.
Human capabilities develop gradually.
Human capacity begins with basic education and literacy.
Human capacity has both personal and social relevance.
Human capacity increases the more it is drawn upon.
Human capacity is an often-neglected component of building a digital society.
Human capital begets structural intellectual capital, which begets human capital.
Human capital benefits the workplace and beyond.
Human capital can be sold e.g. slavery is legal.
Human capital comprises all the intangible assets that people bring to their jobs.
Human capital creates good value, and there is a very limited pool to choose from.
Human capital depends on the extent to which that understanding has been conveyed to workers.
Human capital has intrinsic value, yet strikingly few CEOs say so publicly.
Human capital includes education, training, and experience.
Human capital is a difficult concept to define.
Human capital is a key resource for managing sustainable systems.
Human capital is a more complex matter.
Human capital is a private good of individuals, rather than between individuals or societies.
Human capital is a subset of that concept.
Human capital is after all, just a metaphor for the cognitive capabilities of creative consultants.
Human capital is also critical to increasing productivity and living standards.
Human capital is an important thing.
Human capital is an organization's most valuable asset.
Human capital is as critical to our success as investment capital.
Human capital is clearly one such area.
Human capital is created by education.
Human capital is created by the family.
Human capital is created in exactly the same investment process that creates physical capital.
Human capital is crucial to raising the living standards of the poor.
Human capital is necessary to acquire skills.
Human capital is no exception.
Human capital is often a key factor in spurring a buyer's interest in a target in the first place.
Human capital is one form of intangible capital.
Human capital is one of the dominant factors that leads to economic growth.
Human capital is our most critical asset.
Human capital is our principal natural resource.
Human capital is simply harder to acquire than financial capital.
Human capital is something everyone wants.
Human capital is that kind of a stabilizer.
Human capital is the basis for innovation and renewal.
Human capital is the basis for innovation, productivity and efficiency.
Human capital is the centrepiece of the new organization.
Human capital is the combined skills, knowledge, and talents of a particular group of people.
Human capital is the economic term for tho people that produce a product or service.
Human capital is the key asset.
Human capital is the knowledge and skill that the worker possesses.
Human capital is the most important asset in a collaboration.
Human capital is the most important form of capital.
Human capital is the most important resource of any university.
Human capital is the primary economic driver, however location and infrastructure still matter.
Human capital is the renewable part of intellectual capital.
Human capital is their greatest strength.
Human capital needs to be dramatically improved if Africa is to compete in the world economy.
Human capital plays a major role in labor's productivity.
Human capital refers to the skills, education, health, and training of individuals.
Most human carcinogens are positive in mammalian micronucleus tests.
Human carriers are also important.
Human carriers are important.
Human carriers are the only reservior of infection.
Human carriers excrete organisms for weeks after illness.
Human carriers exist and are often asymptomatic.
Human cases are extremely rare.
Human cases are very rare and most often contracted from domestic cats .
Human cases are very rare and most often contracted from domestic cats.
Human cases can range from a symptomatic infection to eye infection.
Human cases resolve without treatment.
Many human cases are also vestigial in other primates and related animals.
Most human cases are sporadic, and males are predominantly affected.
Most human cases are sporadic, and the source of the infection is usually unknown.
Most human cases occur in patients with debilitating disease or in prenatal or neonatal infants.
Human cashiers enter account and transaction data.
Human casualty is one consequence, refugee generation and economic stagnation are the others.
Human cells adorn some antibodies with special carbohydrate molecules.
Human cells are animal cells.
Human cells are cells.
Human cells are either diploid or haploid.
Human cells are eukaryotic , the same as animal cells.
Human cells are eukaryotic cells.
Human cells contain sets of chromosomes.
Human cells divide in two ways.
Human cells grow more slowly, and divide less often than mouse cells.
Human cells have a membrane that holds the contents together.
Human cells have a similar but more complex mechanism of cell cycle regulation than yeast cells.
Human cells have forty-six chromosomes, except for the sex cells, which have half that number.
Human cells have membranes.
Human cells lack the inducible tolerance to arsenite seen in Chinese hamster cells.
Human cells regulate themselves, just as unicellular organisms do.
Human cells respond to a prolonged mitotic arrest by inducing apoptosis.
Human cells show a similar situation conceptually.
Human cells vary in size, but all are quite small.
All human cells depend on a adequate oxygen supply.
Every human cell needs a minute amount of cholesterol in order to function properly.
Many human cells are specialized in form and .
Many human cells look more like cylinders and rugby balls than spherical balls.
Most human cells are hard to keep alive for long in culture.
Most human cells have a nucleus which contains a person's genetic fingerprint.
Most human cells reproduce by dividing, a process controlled by components of the nucleus.
Most human cells reproduce through the process called mitosis.
Most human cells stop making telomerase early in life.
Some human cells have additional structures depending on what purpose they serve.
Human character is a compound of good and evil.
Human characters are another story.
Human characters are quite difficult to animate.
Many human characteristics are also vestigial in other primates and related animals.
Most human characteristics are polygenic, which means they are controlled by many genes .
Human children are located in churchs.
Human children are located in countries.
Human children are unusually dependent for a long period of time.
Human children go through several observable changes as they grow.
Human children have a long childhood.
Human children have memories slightly longer than the radioactive half-life of plutonium.
Human children learn by playing as well.
Human children learn by playing, as well.
Human children roughhouse, and they play house.
Human choice is always a mere matter of whim.
Human choice seems to be removed from the equation.
Human choice shapes the machinery.
Human choices are neither determined nor random.
All human chromosomes have telomere structures at their ends.
Human civilization develops.
Human civilization is an enterprise, too.
Human civilization is anything but beautiful or harmonious.
Human civilization is based on religion.
Human civilization is fragile and vulnerable.
Human civilization is guided by ideas.
Human civilization is now the dominant cause of change in the global environment.
Human civilization makes errors along the way.
Human civilizations stretch back into legendary times.
Some human civilizations lead to destruction.
Some human civilizations lead to environmental destruction.
All Human classes spawn with their best hard armor and weakest weapon and ammo.
Human clippers are okay for a very young puppy or small dog.
Human cloning can offer infertile people a higher chance of success.
Human cloning can refer to either reproductive or therapeutic cloning.
Human cloning carries with it the increased potential for abuse, human exploitation.
Human cloning falls conceptually between two other technologies.
Human cloning goes against the dignity and sanctity of each individual person.
Human cloning has a huge, and a premium demand.
Human cloning has potential to save lives and make better the quality of life of future generations.
Human cloning is a bomb that can potentially detonate in our faces.
Human cloning is a crime against human dignity and humanity.
Human cloning is a deep invasion of human parenthood .
Human cloning is a different thing.
Human cloning is a form of playing god since it interferes with the natural order of creation.
Human cloning is a possibility in playing a big role in our future.
Human cloning is a technique violating human dignity protected by the Constitution.
Human cloning is a very important subject that science needs to address.
Human cloning is about generations being genetically like each other.
Human cloning is against the law for whatever purpose.
Human cloning is amongst the most controversial forms of the practice.
Human cloning is an inherent violation of human dignity.
Human cloning is arguably the most sensational aspect of gene manipulation.
Human cloning is as much a moral issue as is any medical research.
Human cloning is divided into two categories that are approached differently in terms of policy.
Human cloning is even more controversial than animal cloning.
Human cloning is here.
Human cloning is illegal in Australia.
Human cloning is inevitable.
Human cloning is just a meter of time.
Human cloning is more controversial.
Human cloning is most notably one of the most controversial issues in medical science.
Human cloning is no laughing matter in the research field of the twenty-first century.
Human cloning is now possible.
Human cloning is one small step in that direction.
Human cloning is only one step ahead, after all, and it seems to be already in progress.
Human cloning is overhyped.
Human cloning is right around the corner.
Human cloning is the next step in science, but it has raised many ethical and scientific questions.
Human cloning is therefore out of the question.
Human cloning is unethical and immoral.
Human cloning is unethical because it upsets the balance of nature.
Human cloning is within reach and the carbon-silicon boundary has begun to evaporate.
Human cloning is, at present, illegal across the world.
Human cloning poses a huge risk to society and nature.
Human cloning produces a human embryo.
Human cloning raises deep concerns, given our cherished concepts of faith and humanity.
Human cloning raises deep ethical concerns.
Human cloning represents a dangerous and unethical use of technology.
Human cloning violates every moral principle.
All human cloning is a blatant denial of human dignity.
Human clothing is compared to the fur, feathers, quills and scales of animals.
Human cognition is so complicated that only small pieces of it can be investigated at a time.
Human comfort is a function of temperature, humidity, and wind speed.
Human comfort is the primary determinant for design inside temperature and humidity.
Human communication focuses on theory in media, intercultural, and organizational contexts.
Human communication implies cooperative interaction.
Human communication involves the exchange of energy between two humans.
Human communication is a paradox.
Human communication is about metaphors, and metaphors are build on socially constructed knowledge.
Human communication is about progress.
Human communication is built on the usage of all our senses.
Human communication is essential to learning, working and social interaction.
Human communication is essential to learning, working, and social interaction.
Human communication is physical, psychological and social.
Human communication is the bottleneck.
Human communication parallels spiritual communication.
Human communication provides a critical model for interactivity.
Human communications are vital for effective documentation and transmission of ideas.
All human communication is carried on across multiple channels.
Any human communication is subject to misinterpretation.
Human communities affect the quality of natural and built environments.
Human communities affect the quality of the natural and built environments.
Human communities appear in different degrees in various parts of the Earth.
Human communities are integral parts of the larger bioregional and planetary life communities.
Human communities are only as healthy as our conceptions of human nature.
Human communities are part of natural ecosystems.
Human communities plan and act in concert with the natural systems in which they are located.
Every human community has human needs that can be enhanced through service.
Every human community needs an authority in order to endure and develop.
Every human community needs an authority to govern it.
Many human communities depend upon the dams for their water supplies.
Human companions are no substitute for their own kind.
Human companions live in homes.
Most human companions live in homes.
Some human companions die in hospitals.
Human companionship breaks monotony, creates balance and makes time spent alone easier to enjoy.
Human companionship is critical for emotional well being.
Human companionship is limited.
Human companionship is the only social outlet for a single pet and therefore very important.
Human compassion has the potential to go a long way.
Human compassion is no more.
Human competition can work the same way.
Human complexities can be as impossible to untangle as a child's ball of string.
Human complexity is mirrored by societal complexity.
Human concepts are different.
Human conception is a difficult and complex process, even under the best conditions.
Human conception is an elegantly simple and marvelously complex series of events.
Human conception says a coin in the air has two sides but can only land heads or tails.
Human concerns are always an issue.
Human conduct demands correction to reflect our intended great world objectives.
Human conflict is a self-perpetuating problem.
Human conjecture is often a house of sand.
Human conjunctiva contains high endothelial venules that express lymphocyte homing receptors.
Human connection is the primary agent in effective health care.
Human connection is very important.
Human connections are expensive, but sometimes they are worth it.
Human connections offer at least the possibility of something enduring.
Human conscience is a factor.
Every human conscience testifies to the contrary.
Human consciousness ceases at death.
Human consciousness is a function of the activity of the human brain.
Human consciousness is a large thing to change.
Human consciousness is a little circle of light amidst the surrounding darkness.
Human consciousness is a sacred thing.
Human consciousness is 'no-thing' but only always conscious of something.
Human consciousness is now part of the environment that shapes evolution.
Human consciousness is of a specific nature.
Human consciousness is the product of the selective pressure which drives evolution.
Human Considerations Make the network responsive, interactive and easy to use.
Human considerations underlie every policy decision.
Human constructions are private property, but land and raw materials are social property.
Human consumption accounts for the majority of all antibiotic use.
Human consumption is the main threat to the Chinese giant salamander.
Human contact adds unnecessary stress.
Human contact is a very powerful thing.
Human contact is absolutely irreplaceable.
Human contact is an essential part of successful business or entertainment.
Human contact is an important element in Latin relationships of all types.
Human contact is an important element of telephone communications.
Human contact is an instant motivator.
Human contact is better.
Human contact is critical in network marketing, no matter what the product.
Human contact is emotional contact.
Human contact is essential.
Human contact is kept to a minimum.
Human contact is perhaps much more important.
Human contact is priceless.
Human contact is so hard to find, and just a little more difficult on the internet.
All human contact is removed, though their progress is monitored from a research vehicle.
Any human contact is potentially harmful, even life-threatening.
Human contingency is shocking but even more shocking is our ability to go on in the face of it.
More human control can mean more human ego stepping in to muddy the clear waters.
Human conversation abounds with opportunities for misunderstandings.
Human conversation is the medium of earthly friendship.
Human conversations are different.
Human cooperation is the result of three factors.
Human cosmetologists deal with either skin or hair.
Human costs are larger than the dollar costs, but the dollar costs are enormous.
Human costs are variable.
Human courage is a static quality.
Human craftsmen make things without a transcendent standard or role model.
Most human creations are relative as to perceptions.
Human creativity depends on the human brain.
Human creativity has no limits, also when it comes to cruelty.
Human creativity is a wonderful thing.
Human creativity is far more subtle and resistant to reductionism.
Human creativity is the key to a more livable future in both economic and environmental terms.
Human creativity is the most powerful force there is.
Human creativity is the only input to our prosperity that is indispensable.
Human creativity is wonderful.
Human creativity knows no bounds.
Human creativity reflects the divine.
Human creatures are all the same.
Human creatures communicate on a subconscious level without even realizing it.
Human creeds are objectionable for a number of reasons.
Human creeds keep religious people divided into sects.
All human crimes are social crimes.
Human croquet is a game of blood, broken limbs and bruised hearts.
Human cruelty is a perennial and pervasive part of most human history.
Human culture carries with it a historical and social aspect.
Human culture exerts an overwhelming selection pressure on machine mutation.
Human culture focuses almost exclusively on rational issues.
Human culture has impact.
Human culture is a curve of expanding potentiality.
Human culture is a product of evolutionary strategies.
Human culture is a product of our own making.
Human culture is a vast collection of memes, a memetic ecosystem.
Human culture is all about technology.
Human culture is also an offshoot with odd adaptations.
Human culture is also to be enjoyed.
Human culture is constituted by external relations.
Human culture is culture.
Human culture is given to humans by Gods.
Human culture is neither a conspiracy of all against a few nor a conspiracy of a few against all.
Human culture is nothing but a mottled mess, there is no doubt.
Human culture is unthinkable without ideas.
Human culture is.
Human culture seems to evolve rather toward cooperation than competition.
Human culture vary considerably, one from the other.
Human cultures are more than understanding.
Human cultures exhibit both similarities and differences.
Human cultures share a common theme.
Human cultures vary greatly over time and around the world.
All human culture is based on common themes and ideas that are universal to all human beings.
Every human culture has a spiritual element.
Every human culture has art.
Every human culture has knives and cutlery of some sort, as do almost all animals.
Every human culture makes music.
Most human culture has impact.
Most human cultures place a positive value on reproduction.
Human curiosity being what it is, someone pushes the button.
Human curiosity drives our attempts to understand the workings of nature.
Human curiosity is limitless, but one life is nowhere near enough to satisfy it.
Some human curiosities result in death.
Human cytomegalovirus strains associated with congenital and perinatal infections.
Human cytomegalovirus strains associated with congenital and Perinatal infections.
Human data are available.
Human data are inadequate on acrylamide and cancer risk.
Human data are, however, relatively sparse.
Human data is scarcer, but the authors point to some compelling occupational data.
Human data regarding the carcinogenic effects of acetaldehyde are inadequate.
Human data suggest a similar pattern.
Human data suggest an even higher rate.
Human data used in our study includes information on date, species and location of biting animal.
Human death can occur within six hours after the bite.
Human death is death
Human death is merely the ceasing of biological life, including the extinction of personality.
Human decency demands no less.
Human decency is a universal quality.
Human decency is human decency.
Human decency requires it.
Human decisions are at the core of most actions affecting the environment.
Human deeds justify, or condemn, themselves by their consequences.
Human depravity is always opposed to holiness.
Human depravity is ever so varied.
Human depravity is prone to make an improper use of divine truth.
Human depravity threatens to turn created order into primordial chaos.
Human depression is partly the result of genetic abnormalities.
Human deprivation continues to persist in the region.
Human depth makes business sense.
Human design is our philosophy.
Human designs are imperfect.
Human designers make tradeoffs.
Human designers strive to simplify things.
Human designers use previous designs extensively in the process of producing a new design.
Human desire becomes the deciding factor.
Human desires are unlimited, but for any good, desire diminishes with quantity.
All human desire is for the actor's own best good.
Human destinies look ominous, without some perceptible intermixture of the sable or the gray.
Human destiny is bound up in progress.
Human destiny is governed by the law of cause and effect.
Human destiny is one of escape from immanence.
Human destructiveness Is never inborn, and inherited traits are neither good nor evil.
Human development affects water.
Human development builds their capacity to do so.
Human development cans have consequences.
Human development cans have devastate consequences.
Human development depends on genetic and environmental factors.
Human development extends beyond resolution of conflict or trauma.
Human development goes beyond just calculating a country's financial wealth.
Human development has results.
Human development involves an understanding of both continuities and changes across the lifespan.
Human development is a broader concept a process of widening the range of people s choices.
Human development is a continuum in which so-called stages overlap and blend into one another.
Human development is a continuum in which so-called stages overlap and blend one into another.
Human development is a critical requirement in Uzbekistan's transition toward a market economy.
Human development is a lifelong process .
Human development is a lifelong process.
Human development is a process of enlarging people s choices.
Human development is another issue.
Human development is built upon an interesting paradox.
Human development is certainly one of the most important things.
Human development is characterized by similar intricacy and complexity.
Human development is determined by education and social organizations, for good or evil.
Human development is downward.
Human development is examined from the prenatal period through adolescence.
Human development is key in that it stimulates and to supports economic growth.
Human development is one of the major problems when facing coastal hazards.
Human development is the end.
Human development is the process of growing to maturity.
Human development is the study of the human life span from conception to death.
Human development is their greatest threat.
Human development is traced from conception through death.
Human development is what people do in their daily lives.
Human development leads to pollution.
Human development occurs within many arenas.
Human development occurs, by definition, through contact with others.
Human development provides an interesting example.
Human development related to education is emphasized.
Human development requires genes to be switched on or off in particular organs at precise times.
Human development requires interaction, discussion, dialogue.
Human development strives to educate students who are committed to and engaged in their communities.
All human development is an interplay between body, mind, and society.
Most human development affects water.
Most human development has results.
Most human development leads to pollution.
Some human development creates edge habitats.
Some human development creates habitats.
Some human development creates more edge habitats.
Some human development increases predation.
Some human development reduces ant habitats.
Some human development reduces habitats.
Human dialogue can elicit far greater changes in blood pressure than maximal physical exercise.
Human dialogue is no guarantee of help, however.
Human dialogue is the bedrock of meaning and of morality.
Human diets contain more copper than the copper-deficient diets given the rats.
Human diets contain more copper than the rat diets.
Human diets contain relatively more copper than the rat diets.
Human difficulties do appear.
Human digestion breaks down food physically and chemically in a multistep process.
Human digestion differs even further from the digestive systems of ruminants.
Human dignity celebrates inner worth despite outer stigma.
Human dignity consists of both, to have rights and responsibilities.
Human dignity demands it.
Human dignity demands that false accusations be punished.
Human dignity demands the courage to defend oneself.
Human dignity embraces more than thinking and willing.
Human dignity encompasses all gifts of talent and grace, life and beauty, wisdom and discernment.
Human dignity exists in the cosmos and there finds fulfillment.
Human dignity involves respect for that volition.
Human dignity is a cost- benefit calculation.
Human dignity is a fragile thing, after all.
Human dignity is all they are asking for.
Human dignity is also a big part of our committee's work.
Human dignity is an irrevocable character of each and every person.
Human dignity is at stake.
Human dignity is crucial for any nation which wants to be respected by other nations.
Human dignity is intrinsic to each person.
Human dignity is inviolable.
Human dignity is more than mere words.
Human dignity is protected by the state.
Human dignity is reflected in attitudes and behaviors toward others and self.
Human dignity is reflected in the attitudes and behaviors toward others and self.
Human dignity is significant because is allows the individual to feel a sense of worth.
Human dignity is the issue.
Human dignity is the same for every person from the beginning of life to natural death.
Human dignity is the well-spring of all human rights.
Human dignity is the worst casualty of war.
Human dignity is, then, an even larger concept than human rights.
Human dignity looses when terrorism wins over peaceful struggle and rule of law.
Human dignity suffers acutely.
Human dignity transcends both the protections and the denials.
All human dignity is destroyed.
Human dimension is among priorities of our policies in the region.
Human dimensions are central in doing so.
Human direction is primarily a matter of observation.
Human disasters occur when humans are the main culprit behind why the disaster happened.
Human disease deserves a special mention.
Human diseases are caused by mutation.
Human diseases are caused by pathogen.
Human diseases are caused by viruses.
Human diseases are often the result of biochemistry gone awry.
Human diseases threatens great apes.
Many human diseases are caused by some types of bacteria.
Many human diseases are due to defective genes.
Many human diseases are the result of miscommunication between cells.
Many human diseases caused by sac fungi are acquired from the environment.
Most human diseases are caused by mutation.
Most human diseases are caused by pathogen.
Most human diseases are caused by viruses.
Most human diseases exist in at least one other species.
Some human diseases are caused by ingestion.
Some human diseases are caused by protozoans.
Some human diseases cause production.
Some human diseases threaten apes.
Some human diseases threaten great apes.
All human disorders deserve the same respect and sensitivity.
Many human disorders follow Medalian patterns of inheritance.
Human dispersal is largely by planting Japanese privet as an ornamental plant in landscaping.
Human dissection is an unnatural and often overwhelming task for first-year medical students.
All human distinctions disappear in the face of death.
Human distress is a factor here.
Human disturbance appears to leave the boreal landscape a fragmented mess.
Human disturbance changes selective pressures.
Human disturbance is a factor.
Human disturbance is the most common cause of colony abandonment.
Human disturbances affect productivity.
Human disturbances can cause golden eagle nest site abandonment or reproductive failure.
Human disturbances increase activities.
Most human disturbances affect productivity.
Most human disturbances increase activities.
Some human disturbances can have impact.
Some human disturbances reduce complexity.
Some human disturbances reduce survival.
Human divers use compressed air and constantly absorb extra nitrogen when submerged.
Human divers wear rubber ones.
Human diversity approach consistent with the needs of social work students preparing for practice.
Human diversity benefits the individual, the education system, and the community.
Human diversity can be enormous within any ethnic or racial group.
Human diversity is a key issue in the science of Psychology.
Human diversity is as important as biodiversity.
Human diversity is emphasized.
Human diversity is here to stay.
Human diversity is recognized as a strength.
Human diversity is to be respected and individuality is to be recognized.
Human documents are here too.
Human dragons are able to surrender to a higher source.
Human drama is extremely important in the world of media.
Human drives seem capable of extraordinary plasticity.
Most human drives have ancient Darwinian rationales.
Human drivers use their experience to extract needed information from what they see.
Human duplication is solely for the sake of human vanity and no vanity is ever productive.
Human dwellings have to be protected from earthquakes.
Human dwellings provide bed bugs with a place to live and access to a source of blood meals.
Human ear has three important parts.
Human ears are body parts.
Human ears are ears.
Human ears are good at hearing low pitches , but bad at hearing high pitches .
Human ears are good at hearing low pitches, but bad at hearing high pitches.
Human ears can detect a range of sixteen to thirty thousand vibrations per second.
Human ears detect sound.
Human ears hear only a small segment of the frequency spectrum as sound.
Human ears need protection.
Most human ears detect sound.
Human ecology can and often does include the other four more biological indicators.
Human ecology defines the final and most inclusive indicator.
Human ecology emphasizes the place of humans within dynamic flows of energy and matter.
Human ecology expands functionalism from ecology to the human mind.
Human ecology is a representation of our position within a reality .
Human ecology is a sociology
Human ecology is the dynamic interrelationship of humans and the environment.
Human ecology is the subdiscipline of ecology that focuses on humans .
Human ecology is treated by geography, sociology, economics, and environmental law.
Human economies strive to maximize the use of nature's resources for our own ends.
Most human economies are unable to manage abundance.
Human edges are often linear and abrupt, a concept known as geometrization.
Human editors compile directories, organizing Web resources by subject area.
Human editors compile subject directories by organizing Web resources by subject area.
Human editors oversee the indexing process, modifying and refining the rules.
Human editors place Web sites into categories and subcategories.
Human editors review each directory submission and evaluate the site's quality and relevance.
Human editors review each submission for quality and content before accepting it into the directory.
Human editors scan Web sites, throw out useless ones and categorize others by subject.
Human editors scan Web sites, toss out useless ones and categorize others by subject.
Human education has the same object.
Human effects are pervasive.
Human effort accomplishes nothing.
Human effort can never move the forces of the next higher plane.
Human effort fails.
Human effort is of little use.
Human efforts can lead to highly intensive systems, despite no use of external inputs.
Human efforts fail.
All human efforts are flawed.
Human eggs are in great demand and are a commodity just like soy beans and computer chips.
Human eggs are much larger than sperms and are highly metabolically active cells.
Human eggs are tiny.
Human ego is likely the foremost obstacle to effective missions.
Human ego stands as a formidable obstacle to effective missions.
Human elements define the landscape through fences, bridges and hedgerows.
Human emancipation requires systmatic dismantling of almost all forms of social inequality.
Human embryos are extremely sensitive to poor culture conditions and toxins.
Human embryos are fully human.
Human embryos are just that, human.
Human embryos go through evolutionary stages.
Human embryos go through stages.
Human embryos go through various evolutionary stages.
Human embryos go through various stages.
Human embryos have to nestle down in a good home, in the uterus.
Human embryos reach uteruses.
Human embryos undergo cell division.
Human embryos undergo division.
Human embryos undergo multiple cell division.
Most human embryos go through evolutionary stages.
Most human embryos go through stages.
Most human embryos go through various evolutionary stages.
Most human embryos go through various stages.
Most human embryos reach uteruses.
Most human embryos undergo cell division.
Most human embryos undergo division.
Most human embryos undergo multiple cell division.
Some human embryos come into existence.
Human embryology teaches that each human life begins at conception.
Human emergence is much more than survival.
Human emotion is a non issue here.
Human emotion is a strong feeling that can plague one person for years after an incident.
Human emotion is left out.
Human emotion seems to trace clearly identifiable patterns in charts.
Human emotions are a funny thing.
Human emotions are complex and ideas are very deeply rooted.
Human emotions are strongly related to blood chemistry.
Human emotions are very difficult to predict.
Human emotions influence human thought by influencing what ideas come into consciousness.
All human emotion is stuck there.
All human emotions are here.
Every human emotion is now a corporate trade mark.
All human encounters are opportunites for relationship.
Most human encounters are with juveniles.
Human encroachment can stress the pup and scare the mother and other adult seals away.
Human encroachment is one of the most prominent reasons of grizzly endangerment.
Human encroachment poses the greatest danger.
Human endeavor takes a course.
All human endeavor occurs in the context of time.
All human endeavors are necessarily flawed.
All human endeavors contain an element of risk.
Every human endeavor is irrelevant in some ways.
Most human endeavors involve the production, distribution, or consumption of goods and services.
All human endeavour is reduced to a simple question of predator versus prey.
Human energy is considered an asset by the USA government.
Human energy is invested in different kinds of symbolic interaction.
Human energy is often self- sustaining, creating more energy as human creativity moves into gear.
Human energy is scientifically provable.
Human energy needs to be expended in making the changes.
Human energy wears out.
Much human energy is wasted.
Human engineers use a common set of tools and parts in many different settings.
Human engineering raises big moral issues.
Human enmity is full of bitterness.
Human enquiry is about exploring and making sense of human action and experience.
Any human enterprise is about ethics, because it's about humans.
Every human enterprise is increasingly subject to the scrutiny of the balance sheet.
Human entities display soul energy.
Human entry is restricted.
Human environment is characterized by a rural lifestyle of open space and out-door leisure activity.
Human enzymes can make double bonds starting at the ninth carbon atom only.
Some human enzymes involve in drug metabolism.
Some human enzymes involve in metabolism.
Human equity is a major challenge.
Human error can also be a problem for digital certificates.
Human error can also cause permanent loss of files.
Human error can be either intentional or unintentional in nature.
Human error can happen anytime so be prepared by wearing a life jacket.
Human error can only be a valid concept under certain specific conditions.
Human error causes about half the accidents involving trains.
Human error destroys five times more data than viruses.
Human error does occur occasionally.
Human error has resulted in more security breaches than hackers coming in from the outside have.
Human error has to be considered in the measurements.
Human error is a common thing that happens to every human being.
Human error is a distinct possibility.
Human error is a leading cause of downtime.
Human error is a negligible source of our problems.
Human error is also a major factor in periodic surveys.
Human error is always a factor.
Human error is always possible.
Human error is an element of any search for understanding.
Human error is an inevitable aspect of our environment.
Human error is associated with most disasters unless concurrent disease states dominate.
Human error is by far the most common cause of fires.
Human error is eliminated.
Human error is inevitable despite checks and double checks.
Human error is inevitable.
Human error is often a significant casual factor.
Human error is often costly.
Human error is part of Madden as well.
Human error is responsible for most of the marine accidents.
Human error is sometimes deadly which is very unfortunate.
Human error is still the leading cause of accidents today.
Human error is the leading cause of damage to artifacts.
Human error is the main contributory factor involving cyclist collisions.
Human error is the main factor in two thirds of accidents.
Human error is the primary reason for most lift truck accidents.
Human error is yet another important cause of accidents.
Human error leads to many accidents.
Human error stems from interface problems.
Human error wins again.
Human errors can also occur at the decision-making level.
Human errors can happen at several steps in the process.
Human errors can occur.
Many human errors occur in labs and cause inaccurate results.
Most human error is caused by design error.
Human erythrocytes are produced through a process called erythropoiesis.
Human erythropoietin stimulates growth of rodent bone marrow cells.
Human estrangement gives rise to a new togetherness in struggle against the world.
Human estrogen is produced primarily in the ovaries in women.
Human ethics is derivative from the ecological imperative.
Human evaluation ensures proper placement and quality of links.
Human events are part of the events in nature.
Human events are transitory, viewed from the long perspective.
Most human events go through three phases of growth.
Human evidence is inadequate.
Human evil is far worse.
Human evil is less problematic.
Human evil is progressive.
Human evil is something permanent.
All human evil comes from a single cause, man's inability to sit still in a room.
Human evolution includes several radiations, producing multiple contemporary, related species.
Human evolution is a biological process with both social and physical aspects.
Human evolution is above all an evolution of the typical qualities of the psychosomatic unity.
Human evolution is certainly a subject which belongs to positive science.
Human evolution is complete.
Human evolution is intrinsically sexy.
Human evolution is much more complicated than all that.
Human evolution is simply the scientific explanation for the origin of human life.
Human evolution is the lengthy process of change by which people originated from apelike ancestors.
Human evolution lead to a more advanced brain which lead to creating a much more intricate language.
Human evolution owes fire a huge debt.
Some human evolution follows patterns.
Human excellence is flesh.
Human excellence is knowledge.
Human excess is probably the major factor pushing the cheetah toward extinction.
Every human exchange adds to stability or homeostasis.
Human existence carries with it a certain amount of troubles.
Human existence depends on memories from the past.
Human existence depends upon compassion and curiosity.
Human existence depends upon the biological resources of the Earth.
Human existence has three aspects - physical, mental and spiritual.
Human existence is all about change.
Human existence is ambiguous.
Human existence is caught in a power play of hierarchical social structures.
Human existence is dependent on the evolution of sustainable agriculture systems.
Human existence is dissected through the eyes of four visiting aliens.
Human existence is engineered.
Human existence is fragile for quite a few reasons.
Human existence is impossible amidst social chaos.
Human existence is limited to a space between the macroscopic and microscopic.
Human existence is made of strife.
Human existence is much more than just survival.
Human existence is shared existence.
Human existence is, by definition, a linguistically articulated existence.
Human experience is a fickle thing.
Human experience is both the starting point and the ending point of the circle of interpretation.
Human experience is far too complex to fit neatly into any conceptual scheme.
Human experience is filled with error.
Human experience is marked by incompetence, blunders, and acts of misjudgement.
Human experience is the common thread.
Human experience is the starting point of all understanding.
Human experience is the subject of history.
Human experience is tied directly to the many facets and levels of relationship.
Human experience navigates the whole range of levels from surface to very deep.
Human experience pertains to one's doing or feeling.
Human experience seems to confirm the opposite.
Human experience tells all men of that fact.
All human experience is illusion.
All human experience is, ultimately, metaphor for the divine-human conversation.
All human experience occurs in the context of culture.
Every human experience is on a bell curve from minimum response to maximum response.
Human experiments are ongoing and planned.
Human experimentation is more than mental exploitation.
Human expert provides help.
Human experts can give more sophisticated responses than any computer.
Human experts rely on information from spatial and time domain.
Human expertise remains essential for the intelligent use of models.
Human explanations are always time-warped.
Human exploitation threatens survival.
Most human exploitation threatens survival.
Human exploration seems to be the current buzzword.
Human exposure appears to come mostly from food or occupational exposure.
Human exposure causes irritation of eyes, mucous membranes and skin.
Human exposure comes through the food chain, or exposure to contaminated water or air.
Human exposure is common because pesticides are used extensively.
Human exposure is from air, drinking water and food in addition to in the workplace.
Human exposure is primarily due to inhalation.
Human exposure is primarily in the workplace via dermal contact.
Human exposure is primarily occupational via inhalation and dermal contact.
Human exposure is principally occupational.
Human exposure occurs mainly by breathing contaminated air or ingesting contaminated food or drink.
Human exposure occurs primarily through numerous non-pesticidal uses of kaolin.
Human exposure occurs through food consumption or ground and surface water contamination.
Human exposure results primarily from food.
Most human exposures are the result of accidental or careless handling of grounded bats.
Human expression is important.
Human extinction is a possibility.
Human extraction taps a minute fraction of the natural outflow, often without accelerating it.
Human eye are only about five times sharper than a jumping spider's.
Human eye has a tendency to pause for a fraction of second and move forth again.
Human eye is better sensitive to colour thereby giving a better tissue differentiation.
Human eye is the best judge for such results.
Human eyes are always on information overload.
Human eyes are body parts.
Human eyes are extremely sensitive to movement, especially at dark.
Human eyes are eyes.
Human eyes are smooths.
Human eyes are transducers.
Human eyes are wonderful things.
Human eyes bend blue light more than red light.
Human eyes can converge on points in the distance.
Human eyes can see visible wavelengths.
Human eyes control light.
Human eyes degenerate over time.
Human eyes have lenses.
Human eyes have magnitudes.
Human eyes move as the result of one of four mechanisms.
Human eyes perceive the resulting sum of green and red as the color yellow.
Human eyes perform poorly at night and are easily fooled by illusion as well.
Human eyes see a dry and fruitless land and a miserable band wandering in it.
Human eyes work better when scanning, sweeping and hunting as opposed to staring.
Most human eyes control light.
Most human eyes have lenses.
Most human eyes have magnitudes.
Most human eyes operate quite well in the dark, although they take time to adapt to it.
Some human eyes detect waves.
Human eyeballs can turn and roll to see up and down and to both sides.
Human eyeballs have their least sensitive cells in the center of the fovea.
Human eyesight is one of the world s most exquisite and sophisticated feats of engineering.
Human eyesight is subject to foveal vision.
A human face is a body part
Human faces are asymmetrical, and usually the facial muscles on one side convey more tension.
Human faces are body parts.
Human faces are faces.
Human faces are the most important thing for the baby to see.
Every human face is unique.
Human factor is excluded in LNA performance and tuning.
Human factors are a key component in runway incursions.
Human factors are also important in the tangled area of risk assessment.
Human factors are an exceptionally important consideration in enhancing aviation security.
Human factors are at least as important as technological problems.
Human factors are critical to maintaining safety.
Human factors are mistakes or errors of judgment made by people.
Human factors are more important than all the technology in the world.
Human factors are the only security risks.
Human factors are very important.
Human factors cause effects.
Human factors do play an important role in business operations in China.
Human factors explain the increased losses from weather and climate extremes.
Human factors is a key to runway safety, but so is technology.
Human factors is a new way of thinking about workplace safety.
Human factors is an area where applying the systems perspective to engineering is key.
Human factors is concerned with improving performance, efficiency, safety, and comfort.
Human factors is the applied science which studies people working together in concert with machines.
Human factors is the science of designing systems that are safe, comfortable, effective, and usable.
Human factors is thus a key factor for the commercial success of communication services.
Human factors Making photocopies can crack spines and break brittle pages.
Human factors play a critical role in the benchmark rates reported by the air traffic facility.
Human factors play a role as important as the electronic and mechanical design of the system.
Human factors play a very important role in spill prevention.
Human factors play an important part in input design.
Human factors play significant roles in more accidents than do mechanical failures.
Human factors represent a thread that runs throughout any safety management system.
Human factors review.
Many human factors are important in the purchasing of services.
More human factors can cause one person to be selected over another.
Most human factors cause effects.
Some human factors contribute to incidents.
Some human factors determine extent.
Some human factors lead to degradations.
Human failure condemns every person including the godless and the expert.
Human failure is, alas, universal.
Human failures are responsible for road accidents.
Human faith is trust in another.
Human fallibility is on display every day, but so is the determination to get better.
Human fallibility is too obvious to ignore any longer.
Human families are but a dim reflection of the Blessed Trinity.
Human families eat at a common table.
Human family adopts adorable talking mouse.
Human fare is the foundation of human culture and disposition.
Human fascioliasis is endemic.
Most human fathers do want to protect and to love and to give.
Human fatherhood is a reflection of divine fatherhood.
Human fears differ.
Human feces are prime sources to infect other humans.
Human feces leave the intestinal tract and are removed from the body through the anus .
Human feces leave the intestinal tract and are removed from the body through the anus.
Human feedback is removed as much as possible.
Human feelings are very deceptive.
Human feelings intrigue our angel hugely.
Human females are doctors.
Human females are unique in that they outlive their own fertility, surviving well past menopause.
Human females have larger breasts and hips than males.
Human females have two X chromosomes.
Human females have two 'X' sex chromosomes, and are therefore called the homogametic sex.
Human females have wider pelvises than males and, on average, run less well.
Human females produce primary oocytes throughout life.
All human females have large mammary glands.
Most human females are capable of having their first baby at about that age.
Human fertility varies greatly on a regional basis.
Human fertilization is occasionally a subject of interest for our group.
Human fertilization is when a sperm joins an ovum to form a zygote.
Human fetuses are at risk of acquiring infection vertically from infected maternal blood.
All human fetuses start out as a quasi-female creature.
Human figures appear more often in wall paintings, and are skilfully composed into groups.
Human figures are more natural.
Human figures are popular, too.
Human figures crouch like frogs.
Human figures representing Biblical stories or the crucifixion are common.
Human figures require special attention.
Human figures walk amidst meticulously-rendered buildings in a way that heightens their loneliness.
Human fingers run themselves along corners.
Human fishers stalk the waters.
Human fleas are relatively uncommon.
Human flesh is a partial electrical conductor.
Human flesh is cheap in any area of extreme poverty.
Human flesh is off limits.
Human flesh is strange.
Human flesh is used for black magic.
Human flesh shrinks quite instinctively from the knife.
Human flesh suffers the same problems.
Human follicle stimulating hormone B-subunit gene encodes multiple messenger ribonucleic acids.
Human food can also make dolphins ill.
Human food has too much concentrated energy for a piggy.
Human food includes candy, honey syrup, soda pop, apples, raisins and pet food.
Human food is bad for all living creatures.
Human food is inappropriate for native animals and can lead to malnutrition.
Human food rings a death knell to the avian species.
Human foods are one of the chief culprits in the creation of problem bears.
A human foot is an extremity
Human feet are flat for walking upright.
Human feet bear average five to six hundreds tons of weight everyday.
Human feet have trod the moon.
Human foots are body parts.
Human foots are foots.
Human foragers are essentially top consumers in a food web of un-domesticated plants and animals.
Human forgiveness reflects our experience and understanding of divine forgiveness.
Human form becomes mutable, the clay for all forms of vanity, self expression and kink.
Human form conceals eternal wings.
Human form is naturally in opposition to nature.
Human form is the opportunity for the spiritual and moral progress.
Human forms appear as well, as do plant forms.
Human forms are limited and are still of cruder variety.
Human forms travel in opposite directions as backdrop.
Human frailties lead to yet more tyranny and chaos.
Human frailty has no place in a citizen movement.
Human frailty is a scary thing.
Human frailty is also no small hurdle.
Human freedom demands that people speak their truths and make up their own minds.
Human freedom differs from the relatively unvarying actions of non-human animals.
Human freedom faces tremendous challenges.
Human freedom has life as a necessary condition.
Human freedom is always and only, threatened by other humans who are prepared to use force.
Human freedom is at the heart of all issues.
Human freedom is good.
Human freedom is likewise sacred.
Human freedom is on the march, and nowhere more so than our own hemisphere.
Human freedom is required.
Human freedom is the ultimate competitive resource in the age of information.
Human freedoms are in reality constrained by innumerable factors, and perhaps limited in scope.
Human friendship has limits because of the real greatness of man.
Human friendship is like that As changeable as the cloud that dances across the sky.
Human fulfillment includes both individual and common good.
Human gastrulation uses convergence-extension and ingression.
Human genes are also able to accessorise the proteins they make.
Human genes are no different from other genes.
Human genes are pieces of genetic material recorded on a DNA molecule.
Human genes atlas.
Human genes can make more proteins per gene than simpler organisms.
Human genes can make more proteins than genes of other organisms.
Human genes can make nations with the poorest of resources rich, or the richest poor.
Human genes come in pairs, called alleles, contributed by both parents.
Human genes contain instructions for making human proteins.
Human genes seem to produce more alternative proteins than fly or worm genes.
All human genes are in normal quantity and vampire genes seem to work in some range of quantity.
Most human genes have no known analogs in the world of bacteria.
Some human genes seem to have been ripped off wholesale from simpler organisms.
Every human generation holds the promise of a new species in an evolutionary sense.
Human genius is the source of all works of art and invention.
Human genome draws in journals.
Human genome gets a rough draft.
Human genome opens new vistas.
Human geographers study the patterns and processes of human activities on the landscape.
Human geography focuses on the ideas and human actions that shape the character of places.
Human geography is the part of the field devoted to understanding systems that include people.
Human gestation is divided into three trimesters of three months each.
Human gesture is transient.
Human glans penis and prepuce.
Human goals are multidimensional, hierarchical, and dynamic.
Human goodness can only grow in a climate of liberty.
Human goodness comes from the mind.
Human governments are a necessity of human nature . .
Human governments have trouble with number two and number three.
Human greatness comes from the humbling decision to accept grace in the face of hardship.
Human greatness is characterised by a one and all social and sympathetic society.
Human greatness is reached collectively.
Human greatness rests in mankind's ability to conjure up worlds of the imagination.
Human greed takes over pronto.
Human groups are hierarchic arrangements of dominants and subordinates.
Human groups differ in their strengths in different things.
Human groups range from families to nations .
Human groups range from the size of families to nations .
All human groups have a kinship terminology, a set of terms used to refer to kin.
All human groups have myths.
Every human group changes over time.
Human growth hormones play roles.
Human growth hormones play vital roles.
Human growth hormones provide benefits.
Human growth hormones provide other benefits.
Human growth affects bear habitats.
Human growth affects habitats.
Human growth is an uneven, highly individualized process.
Human growth is far from being a simple and uniform process of becoming taller or larger.
Human growth is never a straightforward process.
Human growth occurs at the expense of the forests.
Most human growth affects bear habitats.
Most human growth affects habitats.
Human guests can look forward to refreshments.
Human guides provide expert guidance to the best sites.
Human habitat is sometimes an aid to the osprey.
Human hair can be brown , red , blonde or most commonly black .
Human hair can be brown, red, blonde or most commonly black.
Human hair can survive for thousands of years.
Human hair grows in cycles.
Human hair has the ability to be colored or permed.
Human hair is a rich source of nitrogen and can be added to a compost pile or bin.
Human hair is a very accurate way to measure humidity and has been used for many years.
Human hair is added into our ultra-fine filament network one strand at a time.
Human hair is formed by rapid divisions of cells at the base of the follicle.
Human hair is in some ways beyond the basic body.
Human hair is the softest hair there is.
Human hair is tied together and stranded between the two hills.
Human hair is to be spun into industrial felt and yarn.
Human hair is used, for example, in thermometers.
Human hair ranges from white to brown to red to most commonly black .
Human hair takes about one hour longer.
Human hair turns to sepia like tired fall leaves.
Human hair wears out but can achieve a natural look.
Human hair works in less populated areas, but doesn t work well in residential areas.
Human hairs are distinguishable from hairs of other mammals.
Human hairs are seventy-five to one hundred microns wide and easier to see because they are long.
Human hands are analogous to the DNA polymerase at the beginning of the activity.
Human hands are body parts.
Human hands are chiral .
Human hands are chiral objects.
Human hands are chiral.
Human hands are hands.
Human hands are natural carriers of disease- causing bacteria.
Human hands are poor in removing tears.
Human hands are unique in their flexibility and grasping capabilities.
Human hands can open it and seal food inside.
Human hands turn champagne bottles daily.
All human hands look pretty much alike.
Human happiness depends on our achievement of that goal.
Human happiness is found in the growth of unconditional love.
Human happiness is temporary and dependent.
Human happiness is vulnerable to joblessness.
Human hardship is always a shared experience.
Human harvest is regulated by size limits, season and gear restrictions, even sex of the species.
Most human hazards grow from attitudes, inappropriate behaviors, and lack of knowledge.
A human head is a head
Human head expresses basic form of movement.
Human head expresses our universe, so our universe is formed of order section and disorder section.
Human head is an unprecedented miracle of aesthetic appreciation of man from remote antiquity.
Human heads are heads.
Human heads are part of homos.
Human heads have brains.
Human heads make some fine soup stock.
Some human heads are part of humanity.
Some human heads are part of humans.
Some human healers use their own aura and the aura of the patient to heal.
Human health can also be at risk.
Human health depends on the proper supply of food, air and water.
Human health held in less regard to bottom lines in the profit margin is evil, pure and simple.
Human health is a major concern with imported fire ants.
Human health is a universal concern.
Human health is affected by the health of our physical environment and by our personal behavior.
Human health is another angle in assessing water quality.
Human health is considered to be part of the living system.
Human health is enhanced by safe foods, balanced diets, and proper nutrition.
Human hearing has logarithmic response, in both amplitude, and frequency.
Human hearing is a non-linear system.
Human hearing is limited.
Human hearing is more or less logarithmic, responding to ratios rather than differences.
Human hearing is tuned an octave lower for human voices.
Human heart is full of chaos and turmoil.
Human hearts have chambers.
Human hearts have four separate chambers inside.
Every human heart has a deep desire for the eternal.
Most human hearts have chambers.
Human height is a trait with complex genetic causes.
Human height is an example of a trait.
Human height is one of the areas of study within anthropometry .
Human help is feeble.
Human hemoglobin provides a very complicated instance of gene regulation.
Human heredity is thus an incalculable factor.
All human heroes lose their life and they fade from the memory of humanity.
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.
Human history becomes more and morea race between education and catastrophe.
Human history becomes, more and more, a race between education and catastrophe.
Human history begins with exile and precedes to violent competition.
Human history can be a natural science too, and so can the rest of the humanities.
Human history follows a path of competition and warfare.
Human history has yet to begin.
Human history is a battle of ideas that often leads to battles in war.
Human history is a continuation of biological evolution in a different form.
Human history is a crop of weeds.
Human history is a much more rich and complex story than that.
Human history is a story of deportations, banishments, bodily wrenchings and torments of every kind.
Human history is a tragic tale of war, oppression, and exploitation.
Human history is also meaningless.
Human history is an excellent example of aperiodic behavior.
Human history is continuous through the times proposed for a global flood.
Human history is cyclical.
Human history is dynamic.
Human history is entwined in the natural history of plants.
Human history is filled with examples of the disease, heartache, and misery caused by it.
Human history is filled with legends and literature about dragons.
Human history is filled with the catastrophic consequences of emerging infectious diseases.
Human history is full of disasters caused by introducing harmful exotic organisms.
Human history is full of error.
Human history is full of examples of major devastations caused by bacteria and viruses.
Human history is full of important accomplishments.
Human history is full of similar instances.
Human history is full of so-called solutions to the problems of human society.
Human history is full of such instances.
Human history is full of tales of men whose adventurous lives changed the world.
Human history is interspersed with love and hate.
Human history is just the side-effect of our gradually improving ability to kill one another.
Human history is largely a repeating story of a struggle for power by competing authorities.
Human history is largely one of tyranny.
Human history is like paleontology.
Human history is like the pendulum of a giant clock that swings from one excess to another.
Human history is littered with broken diet resolutions.
Human history is littered with failed attempts to mistreat others without consequences.
Human history is littered with such struggles.
Human history is populated by human beings.
Human history is replete with peoples selling one another.
Human history is replete with similar doomsday prophecies and ghastly killings.
Human history is rife with models from which to learn and teach.
Human history is shot through with cruelty and injustice.
Human history is similarly devoid of purpose and consists merely of a succession of energy phases.
Human history is the boiling of the pond surface of ordinary biology.
Human history IS the boiling of the pond surface of ordinary biology.
Human history is the history of childness, of silly quarrels for small reasons.
Human history is the tale of such journeys.
Human history knows innumerable instances.
Human history looks less like the steps on a ladder than it does like the branches of a bushy tree.
Human history presents innumerable instances of human conflict based on religious disagreements.
Human history progresses because of essential contradictions centered upon the form of production.
Human history proves it.
Human history records horrible acts of hatred.
Human history unfolds in strange ways.
All human history is marked by conflict.
Human hormones are extremely powerful substances.
Human hormones play roles.
Human hormones play vital roles.
Human hormones provide benefits.
Human hormones provide other benefits.
Most human hormones play roles.
Most human hormones play vital roles.
Most human hormones provide benefits.
Most human hormones provide other benefits.
Human hubris is the most dangerous threat to the future of the human species, and the human spirit.
Human humility is essential.
Human hunters Divide the class into small groups.
Human hunters take between two and three percent of the herd each year.
Human hygiene is a matter of pride as well as health.
Human ideas do have an effect.
All human ideas are the adequate superstructure of the material productive forces.
Human identity is in part constituted in opposition to the idea of the animal.
Human identity is no different.
Human ignorance is the number on ecause of death.
Human ills are the ultimate target of any study involving lab animals.
All human ills arise from some transgression of universal law.
Some human illnesses are caused by microorganisms.
Human images appear in stone sculpture.
All human images are full of life and good humor.
Human imagination is amazing.
Human imagination is required to take many personal and social problems to resolution.
Human imagination is the limiting design factor.
Human immunodeficiency viruses infect humans.
Human immunoglobulins have structural differences.
Human immunology is emphasized.
Human impact causes damage.
Human impact is about the same as any other plant.
Human impact is close to the river's edge.
Human impact is documented as well including major deforestation and increased soil erosion.
Human impact is everywhere and is continuing to spread.
Human impact is looked at as well as the interactions of the organisms themselves.
Human impact is seen as insignificant or beneficial.
Human impacts are a major factor in the whales' ability to increase their numbers.
Human impacts are devastating the global ecosystem.
Human impacts are many and varied.
Human impacts are minimal.
Most human impact causes damage.
Some human impact affects ecology.
Human impatience plays a valuable role at a time like that.
Human imprints are undetectable.
Human imprints are very minimal and substantially unnoticeable.
Human inclinations are traceable to an ancestor.
Human indexers can train the system by interactively assigning the correct entity types to phrases.
Human indexing is expensive and labor intensive.
Human individuals create a world which simultaneously becomes a context for their own existence.
Human individuals exist within both a physical and symbolic world.
Every human individual has a unique dignity.
Human individuality becomes obliterated.
Human industry is to blame.
Human inequality is at the root of the biospheric degradation of today.
Human inertia allows governments to trample on individual liberties.
Human inertia leads to complacency sometimes.
Human infants begin to recognise themselves in mirrors at about two years old.
Human infants lead an exceedingly complex cognitive and emotional life.
Human infants possess taste buds on the fungiform papillae but they later disappear.
Human infants require years of care before they gain the ability to fend for themselves.
Human infants respond similarly to experiments involving dolls rather than eggplants.
Human infants respond to pairs of eyes, female voices, and touch.
Human infants seem to be born already knowing a lot about human speech.
All human infants laugh or cry to express their emotions without being taught.
Most human infants produce ample quantities of lactase for milk digestion.
Some human infants have bias.
Some human infants have cognitive bias.
Human infection begins with the ingestion of infected raw or undercooked pork.
Human infection can be pneumonia due to the worm migration.
Human infection comes from eating raw or insufficiently cooked meat.
Human infection is common.
Human infection is diagnosed by the parasite eggs in the faeces.
Human infection is incidental.
Human infection is more common in men than women.
Human infection is possible with roundworms if the eggs are ingested.
Human infection is rare.
Human infection is usually from pigs and is rare.
Human infection is usually through the skin but has occurred after ingestion of contaminated meat.
Human infection is virtually universal - most adults are seropositive.
Human infection occurs by the ingestion of larvae when eating raw or undercooked freshwater fish.
Human infection occurs due to the accidental ingestion of eggs passed in human faeces.
Human infection occurs from breathing dust in the air contaminated by spores.
Human infection occurs in the warm months of the year as ticks become active.
Human infection occurs mainly from the ingestion of raw lamb, pork or beef.
Human infection occurs primarily via inhalation of aerosolized infected rodent excreta.
Human infection occurs when dust containing infected dried rodent excretions is inhaled.
Human infection occurs where raw fish is a delicacy.
Human infections are extremely rare.
Human infections are most common in Asia, Africa, Latin and South America and the Middle East.
Human infections are most common in the Orient, Africa, South America, or the Middle East.
Human infections are quite common in Canada and most other parts of the world.
Human infections are rare and usually occur when people inadvertently consume an infected flea.
Human infections are rare, and often mild.
Human infections can occur from a bite of a mosquito that has previously bitten an infected bird.
Human infections do occur, but are extremely rare.
Human infections occur by inhalation of aerosols of infectious excreta.
Human infections tend to be mild and self limiting, and most probably are never diagnosed.
Many human infections are mild and inapparent and thus go undetected.
Most human infection is associated with an uncomplicated febrile illness or is inapparent.
Most human infections are actually quite mild with a fever, headache, and body aches.
Most human infections are asymptomatic or present as a nonspecific viral syndrome.
Most human infections are mild enough to go unnoticed and apparently produce no permanent damage.
Most human infections are silent.
Most human infections result from the consumption of improperly cooked or contaminated foodstuffs.
Some human infection occurs in infants.
Human infertility is very complex, and many factors can combine to reduce fertility.
Human infestations are common with dermatitis of variable severity.
Human influence is apparent in the area.
Human influence is now discernable in even the most remote reaches of the biosphere.
Human influences can definitely promote phytoplankton bloom.
Human influences continue to dramatically change the natural areas of our world.
Human influenza viruses affect ferrets.
Human ingenuity creates new human appetites which are eventually met by new ingenuity.
Human ingenuity is exhausted on devising torture to deter from the crime.
Human ingenuity is unbounded.
Human ingenuity is what keeps the future an open question rather than a done deal.
Human ingenuity leads the recovery.
Human ingenuity takes many forms.
Human ingenuity works.
Human inhabitants are also part of that system.
Most human injuries associated with black bears occur when a bear is approached.
Human injustice takes many forms.
Human input is always better than reports.
Human insight is required.
Human insignificance is a wholesome realization.
Human inspection is prone to error, because the cold seal is virtually invisible.
Human inspectors are just that - human, and prone to error.
Human inspectors become fatigued or distracted.
Human inspectors can make subjective decisions, but computers require quantitative information.
Human inspectors can take upward of an hour to catch blade failures.
Human instinct is natural.
Human instinct is to act primitively.
Human instinct is to turn it up.
Human instincts are hard-wired programming.
Human institutions are human efforts to protect human rights but they are limited instruments.
Human institutions are light and superficial , mere feathers that float upon the surface.
Human institutions evolve in a way that defies prediction, control and design.
Human institutions have much more complex and mixed motives.
All human institutions are fallible.
Every human institution consists of good people and bad people.
Every human institution has a guiding mission statement or philosophy.
Human instruction is for the temporal realm , separate from and subordinate to divine teaching.
Human insulin consists of two different peptide chains.
Human insulin forms dimers in concentrated solutions, and hexamers in the presence of zinc.
Human insulin is obtained by recombinant DNA technique.
Human insulin is seen as one of the first products of biotechnology.
Human insulin is the most commonly available insulin because that is what humans use.
Human insulin mays have effects.
Human insulin mays have side effects.
Human insulins are shorter acting than animal insulins ofthe same type.
Some human insulin is produced by bacteria.
Human intellect is a powerful spiritual force.
Human intellect is frail and finite.
Human intellect responds to attributes that it can easily relate to.
Human intelligence beats machine intelligence.
Human intelligence brings with it responsibility toward the environment.
Human intelligence can take many forms.
Human intelligence is a matter of finding the right program.
Human intelligence is a way in which the universe reflects on itself.
Human intelligence is active in many varied dimensions.
Human intelligence is certain advantageous from the standpoint of individual selection.
Human intelligence is equated to consciousness.
Human intelligence is only one example out of many possible kinds of intelligence.
Human intelligence is roughly proportional to the number of brain-cell links.
All human intelligences are more or less enlightened and cultivated.
Some human intelligence explains migration.
Human interaction begins with the ability to communicate by speech.
Human interaction can also be a part of the search and decision making process.
Human interaction helps foster partnerships.
Human interaction is a big question.
Human interaction is a topic that is well covered in the various articles.
Human interaction is an extremely important element of a successful Web site.
Human interaction is an important element of electronic government, especially in education.
Human interaction is an important part of learning.
Human interaction is enriched by the redundancy of multimodal communication.
Human interaction is kept at a minimum.
Human interaction is kept to an absolute minimum.
Human interaction is necessary to maintain trust.
Human interaction is our most important focus.
Human interaction is overrated.
Human interaction is part of the richness of being people.
Human interaction is the foundation through which communities work.
Human interaction is the key.
Human interaction is the sustenance of group work.
Human interaction occurs because of presence and difference.
Human interaction remains a favored source of information with executives all over.
Human interactions are by far the greatest threat.
Human interactions are perhaps the most difficult to model well.
Human interactions help one to cope with change, and accept life as it is.
Human interactions make up all parts of the world.
All human interaction involves exchanging data of some kind.
All human interactions are opportunities either to learn or to teach.
Every human interaction is a learning experience.
Most human interaction involves non-verbal, visual and sense perception clues.
Human intercession provides a level of filtering and quality control.
Human interchange requires more than a string of unfeeling, cold, hard facts.
Human interest is an essential part of the mix.
Human interest is followed by politics, then culture.
Human interest is fractal.
Human interest is incorporated and primary sources are included.
Human interest is, though, as well as the stunning Arctic vistas.
Human interest seems to be the name of the game.
Human interference can cause long-lasting disorientation in the foal.
Human interference continues and grows with the human population.
Human interference ensures animal behaviour.
Human interference ensures behaviour.
Human interference involves destruction.
Most human interference ensures animal behaviour.
Most human interference ensures behaviour.
Most human interference involves destruction.
Human interferon is a small protein released from different kinds of cells in the body.
Human interferon represents a major advance in management.
Human interplay is crucial in Jewish learning.
Human interpretation takes in themes and perspectives of interest.
Human intervention can also have a positive impact on a managed elk herd.
Human intervention can be most destructive, at times.
Human intervention can shatter the balance of energy production and consumption.
Human intervention can then take over and the top returns can be subjectively evaluated.
Human intervention is a vital ingredient in learning.
Human intervention is an obvious possibility.
Human intervention is generally important.
Human intervention is limited by the surroundings themselves.
Human intervention is needed only during the training phase.
Human intervention is needed to stop the process.
Human intervention is permitted during the reset period.
Human intervention is required only when something extreme happens.
Human intervention is required to do the data translation, which slows the process.
Human intervention is required to make a true transfer of knowledge.
Human intervention is still helpful and beneficial.
Human intervention is to be used as a last resort.
Human intervention makes the difference.
Human intervention opens the door for errors.
More human intervention is required.
Human intestines contain bacteria.
Human intestines offer pinworms an ideal place to grow and mature.
Most human intestines contain bacteria.
Human intimacy involves the mutual understanding of persons.
Human intuition is completely ineffective in learning how or what to play.
All Human inventions are first thoughts before they become things.
Human investment pays the greatest premium.
Human involvement decreases with increasing automation.
Human involvement is a secondary matter.
Human involvement is reduced.
Human issues are messy.
Human jaws consist of bones.
Most human jaws consist of bones.
Human jazz is simple improvisation with the voice and body, our original instruments.
Human jealousy is suspicious and unforgiving.
All Human joys are swift of wing.
Human judges can show mercy.
Human judgement is always susceptible to error.
Human judgement is applied in choosing and describing sites for inclusion.
Human judgement is fallible.
Human judgement is the opposite of systematic.
Human judgement is too subjective, too prone to error, too risky.
Human judgment is fallible.
Human judgment is needed to determine if the screenreader reading order makes sense.
Human judgment is needed.
Human judgment is the only way to put a dollar value on work.
Human justice can never be more than an approximation of the divine, therefore.
Human justice is fraught with failures.
Human keratin is singled-out as a common contaminant.
Human kidneys play roles.
Most human kidneys play roles.
Human kind has a chance there.
Human kind has a long way to go to achieve a sustainable way of living.
Human kind has little or nothing to do with the recent temperature changes.
Human kind is always in the field of ritual.
Human kind is diverse.
Human kind is generally uncomfortable with change.
Human kind lives on only because nature allows it to do so.
Human knowledge belongs to the world.
Human knowledge is a fraction of the universe.
Human knowledge is an action alone, because it is produced by the motion of the mind and the senses.
Human knowledge is an unreliable guide.
Human knowledge is conditioned by the structure of the human mind.
Human knowledge is divided today into an infinity of specialized disciplines.
Human knowledge is influenced by gender ideologies.
Human knowledge is limited to what can be experience with the five senses.
Human knowledge is possible.
Human knowledge is tacit and it only surfaces in the context of specific tasks.
Human knowledge is what needs to be used in order to compete in a competitive market.
All human knowledge begins life as a theory based on intuition and some observations.
All human knowledge exists only in verbal expression.
All human knowledge involves at least a little bit of faith.
All human knowledge is an approximation.
All human knowledge is but picking and culling.
All human knowledge is conceptual and forms an integrated whole.
All human knowledge is mediated by metaphor and simile.
Human labor continues to be supplanted by newer, more capital-intensive processes.
Human labor is a major export and sizably accounts for the dollar earnings of the country.
Human labor is a unique and very complex process.
Human labor is as rare as mules in Manhattan.
Human labor is cheap in China.
Human labor is essential in every aspect of our lives.
Human labor is one substitute for energy.
Human labor is used to do that which the computer can do better.
Human language allows for the highly efficient processing of complex bodies of information.
Human language allows low-cost honest communication of virtually unlimited complexity.
Human language can never describe divine supernatural realities.
Human language does more than command a subject to behave a certain way.
Human language is a huge topic, and choosing a topic probably feels overwhelming.
Human language is a huge topic, and chosing a topic probably feels overwhelming.
Human language is a multilevel system.
Human language is a remarkable phenomenon.
Human language is a sophisticated response system acquired through operant conditioning.
Human language is an altogether inadequate vehicle to express supersensuous perception.
Human language is an instinct.
Human language is an interesting case .
Human language is an interesting case.
Human language is an intimate part of what it means to be a human being.
Human language is grossly insufficient to describe the difference.
Human language is language.
Human language is much more complicated than any other species .
Human language is much more complicated than any other species.
Human language is simply a more specialized version of chimpspeak.
Human language is the next great challenge for the world's networks.
Human language is the primary and unifying theme of the department.
Human language scales up in a similar way.
Human languages are always enjoyable to study.
Human languages are full of such interesting but meaningless coincidences.
Human languages are poor to describe things and concepts far beyond the ordinary.
Human languages are systems of symbols.
Human languages are very different from machine languages.
Human languages use a form of shorthand.
All human languages change with the passage of time.
Every human language has a regional version of reality.
Every human language has profanity.
Every human language is a particular set of tools.
Human law can do no more for man.
Human law is based on natural law.
Human laws are human creations.
Human laws are laws that governments and society impose on themselves.
Every human law has just so much of the nature of law as it is derived from the law of nature.
Human laziness has both spiritual and biological causes.
Human leakage is likely to be more of a problem.
Human leukocyte antigens and disease.
Human liberation begins with the individual.
Human lice are known to live throughout the hair, skin, and body parts of humans.
Human lice can establish and maintain themselves only on humans.
Human lice know no geographical boundaries.
Some human lice have larval stages.
Some human lice have stages.
Human life arises from certain causes and conditions.
Human life arises from human sexuality, which itself is fundamentally important.
Human life attracts far less interest than money.
Human life attracts far less interest today than money.
Human life bears witness to a mixed reality, a turmoil of trust.
Human life begins at conception so abortion is wrong.
Human life begins at conception, as every piece of medical evidence demonstrates.
Human life begins at conception.
Human life begins from the moment of fertilisation and ends with death, usually in old age.
Human life begins when a sperm cell from the father enters and fertilizes an egg cell of the mother.
Human life begins when the sperm of the father enters the ovum or egg of the mother.
Human life begins with birth and ends with death.
Human life can be so fragile.
Human life consists of error and guilt.
Human life created in the womb is a wonderful thing.
Human life demands protection and deserves respect.
Human life demands the existence of an authentic public and a private sphere.
Human life demands the transcendence of family, private property and the state.
Human life depends of farming, and life is simply too precious to live without hope.
Human life deserves respect in any circumstance.
Human life deserves utmost care.
Human life develops gradually.
Human life develops or evolves in seven stages.
Human life elicits special awe and respect, even reverence.
Human life exists at nature's edge.
Human life extends beyond the contours of the body.
Human life grows cheaper with each mewling, puking infant that is born.
Human life has a particular affinity with the narrative form.
Human life has a physical, an emotional, an intellectual and a spiritual aspect or dimension.
Human life has a physical, an emotional, an intellectual, and a spiritual aspect or dimension.
Human life has a special value and significance.
Human life has inherent value and dignity.
Human life has inherent worth from conception.
Human life has intrinsic and infinite worth.
Human life has little value now like never before.
Human life has little value, as even petty disputes lead to cold-blooded murder.
Human life has no meaning independent of itself.
Human life has no purpose.
Human life has quality.
Human life has to be accorded the respect it deserves.
Human life has to be thought of and contemplated and worried about over and over again.
Human life has value in Paris.
Human life implies interventions into nature.
Human life includes a process of continuous adaptation.
Human life includes brutal, ugly death.
Human life is a blessing.
Human life is a book of experiences.
Human life is a deep and wonderful mystery.
Human life is a dynamic process of fulfilling interrelated needs through the pursuit of goods.
Human life is a matter of ultimate value.
Human life is a miracle.
Human life is a mystery.
Human life is a piece of capital.
Human life is a process of continuous adaptation.
Human life is a process of knowledge.
Human life is a product of nature.
Human life is a sacred trust, and can only be taken with legal sanction.
Human life is a watchtower.
Human life is about living in relationships.
Human life is above all other forms of life.
Human life is also relational, affective, cultural, spiritual.
Human life is an unceasing sequence of single actions.
Human life is as great an illusion as any.
Human life is as valuable as dirt.
Human life is at risk.
Human life is beset with obstacles.
Human life is but a breath, and it disappears like a shadow.
Human life is but of brief duration.
Human life is characterized by diversities.
Human life is communitarian.
Human life is constant struggle and competition.
Human life is cyclic as well.
Human life is defined by relationships.
Human life is dependent life.
Human life is dependent on polymers such as DNA and proteins.
Human life is devalued.
Human life is disposable on a scale never before known to mankind.
Human life is engulfed in beauty and mystery.
Human life is everywhere a state in which much is to be endured, and little to be enjoyed.
Human life is far more valuable and important than animal life.
Human life is fragile and brief.
Human life is fragile, death can be capricious.
Human life is full of rituals, from shaking hands to venerating relics.
Human life is full of suffering and sorrow.
Human life is full of the play of samskaras - tendencies developed by repeated actions.
Human life is governed by the rhythm of nature.
Human life is grim without mercy and hope.
Human life is held in sacred regard.
Human life is holy sacred from beginning to end.
Human life is human life.
Human life is identical.
Human life is important a fertile field.
Human life is important only in relation to the acquiring of maximum profit.
Human life is inherently precious.
Human life is inviolably sacred.
Human life is itself the quality of suffering.
Human life is just like a marathon race.
Human life is life.
Human life is like a vapor that appears momentarily and then is gone.
Human life is like that in all things.
Human life is like that, infinitely valuable.
Human life is lived on another time scale entirely.
Human life is meaningful and purposeful.
Human life is more important than laws.
Human life is more important than records or property.
Human life is more mental than physical.
Human life is more precious than any ideology, any doctrine.
Human life is more respected by common carriers.
Human life is more sacred than other animals or plants.
Human life is much more valuable than the life of any other species.
Human life is much too complex for any system of notation to describe it completely.
Human life is nothing but unceasing warfare and endless temptation.
Human life is now longer, healthier and richer than ever before.
Human life is of inestimable worth and significance at all stages from conception to natural death.
Human life is of no more value than animal life.
Human life is of no value to the unbeliever.
Human life is of such basic value that the state has a duty to protect it from intentional killing.
Human life is one.
Human life is only free to the extent it is idle.
Human life is originally empty, complete stillness.
Human life is poetic, musical and poignant.
Human life is precious and is to be cherished from conception to natural death.
Human life is precious.
Human life is priceless and ransom is repulsive to a Torah way of life.
Human life is punishment.
Human life is really only human life when lived in community.
Human life is relatively brief in terms of archaeological time.
Human life is sacred and each person has inherent dignity.
Human life is sacred and nobody has the right to remove it.
Human life is sacred.
Human life is sacrosanct.
Human life is scared, irrespective of origin, race, color, religion or citizenship.
Human life is serious business.
Human life is short.
Human life is shown to have great value, regardless of race.
Human life is simply another variant form of life, that acts to minimize effort.
Human life is simply much more precious than any money can buy.
Human life is so fragile and strong and beautiful.
Human life is still in an evolving process.
Human life is still the most precious commodity in the universe.
Human life is structured by the same struggle which is the basis of all values.
Human life is the birth of self-awareness.
Human life is the condition for enjoying freedom and all other values.
Human life is the doorway to other realms of existence, the topmost being the spiritual realm.
Human life is the foundation for all other human goods, and so has special value and significance.
Human life is the most important commodity on the face of the earth.
Human life is the most valuable of all forms of lives.
Human life is the primary monument to be preserved.
Human life is the sum total of experiences, sweet and bitter.
Human life is the supreme value.
Human life is threatened by rising hunger, by new diseases, and by well-financed projects of death.
Human life is thrown out of balance, too.
Human life is tightly interwoven with nature.
Human life is to be respected.
Human life is too precious a commodity to leave to the whims of the stock market.
Human life is totally reliant on sun exposure, and the life- giving effects of ultraviolet light.
Human life is universal, but it is always expressed in individual ways.
Human life is very complex and often several things can cause the same symptoms.
Human life is very dramatic.
Human life is very much about contradictions.
Human life is what exists now.
Human life is wondrous, but also fragile.
Human life is, indeed sacred and inviolate.
Human life is, of course, priceless.
Human life is, therefore, of extrordinary value and sacred at every moment and stage development.
Human life means even less.
Human life means nothing to many of our lawmakers.
Human life means nothing to our president and many of our lawmakers.
Human life means worry.
Human life moves from family to family.
Human life needs discipline if the harvest of our body and spirit is to be a good one.
Human life needs protection now .
Human life stands at the apex or end of the cycle of rebirth, representing the chance for release.
Human life takes second place, at least after cricket.
Human life tends to flourish in the balance.
Human lives are at risk.
Human lives are at stake.
Human lives are just the cost of doing business.
Human lives are more important than corporate profits.
Human lives are of great worth.
Human lives are priceless in many ways.
Human lives are somewhere in between, with a mix of pleasure and suffering.
Human lives have no more value here.
All human life depends on energy.
All human life depends on the Earth s Ecosystems.
All human life depends upon the energy in the universe.
All human life is elsewhere.
All human life is exhausted in preparations for, in the process of arranging, everyone dies.
All human life is given a soul at the time of conception.
All human life is here.
All human life is incommensurate and beyond any utilitarian value.
All human life is precious and worth living.
All human life is precious.
All human life is sacred from fertilization throughout the human life continuum.
All human life is sacred from the moment of conception until natural death.
All human life is sacred poverty, age, disability, social position notwithstanding.
All human life is sacred, even the life of a criminal.
All human life is sacred.
ALL human life is there - good, bad and monstrous.
All human life is there.
All human life needs water.
All human life seems to be here.
All human life starts as a single cell inside the mother.
All human lives change others, and so through the generations.
Any human life is far more valuable than a truck bumper or bark off a tree.
Every human life accommodates one great, typifying love.
Every human life begins as one single cell.
Every human life has inestimable value, and no one has the right to kill.
Every human life has the right to life.
Every human life is a gift to the person, the family and society.
Every human life is different and unique.
Every human life is equal in value.
Every human life is infinitely precious and beyond price.
Every human life is invaluable.
Every human life is of equal, incalcuable value.
Every human life is precious, none more so than any other.
Every human life is precious.
Every human life is sacred because every human person is sacred.
Every human life is sacred.
Every human life is unique and every human life has value .
Every human life is worth fighting for.
Every human life spirals back on itself.
Many human lives seem so incomplete, so unfinished, at death.
Most human life has quality.
Human limb is one of the natures most intricately designed mechanisms.
Human limitations are a curse.
Human limitations restrict the reliability of existing systems.
Human listeners can deal with only a fraction as much.
Human livers produce digestive fluid.
Human livers produce fluid.
Most human livers produce digestive fluid.
Most human livers produce fluid.
Human logic can find no trustworthy evidence to prove, or disprove, the existence of unseen spirits.
Human logic is defied by such actions.
Human logic is limited to an assessment of our experiences.
Human logic is often in error pertaining to the growth of the jaws.
Human louse is the carrier of a bacterial disease called typhus fever.
Human love can only go so far.
Human love feels a constant urge to climb higher.
Human love has nothing to do with it.
Human love is based in self-interest.
Human love is based on personality.
Human love is dependent upon the value of the object.
Human love is fickle.
Human love is finite.
Human love is mostly selfishness.
Human love is multidimensional.
Human love is often conditional.
Human love is self-seeking.
Human love is the real miracle, in the only important sense of the word.
Human love is very limited and often mean.
Human love makes itself an end it itself.
Human love tends to be a natural response to someone else's love or favor.
Human love thrives upon one upmanship.
Human lovers do very much the same thing without knowing it.
Human lungs are the same.
Human lungs consist of a network of tubes that branch out into progressively smaller airways.
Human lungs work pretty much the same while scuba diving under water as on land.
Human lysozyme is closest to chicken lysozyme.
Human machine is said to be the most complex machine but sensitive too.
Human macrophages constitute targets for immunotoxic inorganic arsenic.
Human macrophages convert L-tryptophan to the neurotoxin quinolinic acid.
Human magicians have always a formidable force.
Human malaria is caused by four species of Plasmodium . .
Human malaria is caused by four species of Plasmodium.
Human males are hemizygous for most of the genes on the X chromosome .
Human males are possessive.
Human males begin to produce sperm at puberty.
Human males fall somewhere in between gorillas and chimps.
Human males stand somewhere in the middle of the boorishness spectrum.
Human males tend to pursue and seek out females as do most other male mammals.
All human males produce pheromones through the sweat glands to attract the opposite sex.
Human manipulation occurs more likely than information gathering errors.
Human marathoners manage two hours and eight minutes at best.
Human marriage is a reproductive alliance.
All human mastery is incomplete.
Human materials are essential in a wide range of biomedical research and training.
Human maturation is measured in childhood, adolescence, adulthood, and old age.
Human meaning is cultural meaning.
Human meaning reflects signs in the environment.
All human measurements are faulty.
Many human medications can have dire consequences to animals, even in small amounts.
Some human medications can have fatal effects when given to an animal and vice versa.
Human medicine has a long history of over-using antibiotics.
Human medicine states that, yes, behavior abnormalities in children can be related to diet.
Human melanocytes express integrin receptors for extracellular matrix proteins.
Human memories are by nature limited and subjective.
Human memories are in a constant state of dynamic modification.
Human memories are notoriously short and faulty.
Human memories are very fallible and tend to fade with time.
Human memories do crash.
Human memory arises from complementary brain systems that are modified by experience.
Human memory can be, in many circumstances, very accurate.
Human memory is a bewildering marvel, capable of miraculous feats and frustrating failures.
Human memory is an elusive thing, but the power of memory jolts are amazing.
Human memory is another interesting aspect of the species.
Human memory is based in scripts and the generalization of scripts.
Human memory is cluttered.
Human memory is equally short forwards and backwards.
Human memory is malleable.
Human memory is notoriously faulty.
Human memory is one of nature's most fascinating phenomena .
Human memory is pretty good.
Human memory is prone to elaboration and distortion over the years.
Human memory is reconstructed.
Human memory is selective and imperfect.
Human memory is story-based.
Human memory is very short.
Human memory seems to store idea in networks, where many items are linked.
Human memory serves as the repository of human experience.
Human memory works by forming links or associations, between and among schemas.
Human messengers tend to be called prophets.
Human metabolism is directly dependent apart from others on man s mental condition.
Human migration contributes to conflict.
Human migration is also a serious problem.
Human migration occurs when humans move, often seeking work and other human needs.
Human milk contains a wide array of biologically active components.
Human milk contains all of the different amino acids that a child needs in the right proportions.
Human milk contains all of the of the vitamins and minerals the child needs.
Human milk contains all the vitamins, minerals, iron, fats, sugars, proteins, enzymes and water.
Human milk contains antibodies that are transferred to the nursing baby.
Human milk contains antibodies.
Human milk contains lactose.
Human milk contains less protein and minerals than cow's milk because human babies grow more slowly.
Human milk contains natural antioxidants and anti-inflammatory compounds .
Human milk contains the correct amount of protein a baby needs.
Human milk contributes to cognitive development.
Human milk contributes to development.
Human milk encourages growth.
Human milk enhances the urinary excretion of immunologic factors in low birth weight infants.
Human milk has a long history and proven track record both as nutrition and therapy.
Human milk has just about the same rating.
Human milk is a living dynamic fluid specifically produced for human infants.
Human milk is a living, changing fluid which adapts to the needs of the developing infant.
Human milk is a rich source of sialic acid containing oligosaccharides.
Human milk is a rich source of the enzyme xanthine oxidase.
Human milk is a truly living fluid in which antibodies and cells move about.
Human milk is a very precious commodity.
Human milk is a very rich source of the sugar, with amounts far higher than all other species.
Human milk is a wonderful and complete source of nutrients.
Human milk is always available and requires no preparation, sterilization, or refrigeration.
Human milk is better for babies than bottled formula or other alternatives.
Human milk is closest to a donkey.
Human milk is considerably more than a simple collection of nutrients.
Human milk is described as a white, fatty, and rather thick fluid.
Human milk is designed specifically and only for human babies.
Human milk is dynamic.
Human milk is easier for babies to digest resulting in less spit-ups.
Human milk is given at birth.
Human milk is perfect for little humans whereas cows milk is better for little cows.
Human milk is protective against strep mutans.
Human milk is relatively low in cost.
Human milk is rich in all the nutrients that the human body requires for proper development.
Human milk is rich in flavours dependent upon the foods and spices eaten by the mother.
Human milk is superior for infant feeding.
Human milk is the best and most complete food in the world for a baby.
Human milk is the best food for healthy, full-term infants whenever possible.
Human milk is the best food for human babies.
Human milk is the best source of nutrition for babies.
Human milk is the ideal food for human beings.
Human milk is the ideal food for human infants.
Human milk is the ideal food for newborn humans, just as cow's milk is ideal for calves.
Human milk is the perfect food for babies.
Human milk is the perfect food for infants.
Human milk is the preferred feeding of all infants.
Human milk is the ultimate in renewable resources.
Human milk is uniquely suitable for human infants because of the complex balance of ingredients.
Human milk provides adequate nutrition.
Human milk provides hormones.
Human milk provides nutrition.
Human milk stimulates motricity and provides bacteriostatic factors.
Most human milk contains antibodies.
Most human milk contains lactose.
Most human milk encourages growth.
Most human milk provides adequate nutrition.
Most human milk provides hormones.
Most human milk provides nutrition.
Human mind can never be satisfied.
Human mind is elated and enthused by hearing stories.
Human mind is inferior to divine mind.
Human mind is open to spiritualization.
Human mind is powerful, restless and obstinate.
Human mind is too narrow to see the whole and absolute right.
Human minds act and react.
Human minds are capable of great clarity and intensity of experience.
Human minds are funny about anything which violates our expectations.
Human minds are great pattern recognizers.
Human minds are like all complex systems in that they can exhibit a wide range of behaviors.
Human minds are the biggest workshop of ideas.
Human minds compartmentalize, simplify, and put everybody into convenient categories.
Human minds create ideas.
Human minds create new ideas.
Human minds enable symbols to carry meaning, or have content .
Human minds find order in chaos by instinct.
Human minds have a great capacity for producing ideas.
Human minds have mental contents or semantics .
Human minds reasoning are at no such risk.
Human minds tend to wither and ossify if intellectual curiosity goes unnurtured.
All human minds work on fundamentally similar principles.
Every human mind feels pleasure in doing good to another.
Every human mind is biased towards travelling along known paths in known directions.
Every human mind is chained to established practice and custom.
Every human mind is the repository of past thoughts or samskaras.
Most human minds create ideas.
Most human minds create new ideas.
Human misery is stark and frightening.
Human misery knows no ideology.
Human misery wears many faces.
Human misery's without end.
All human misery is here.
Human mites are called demodex mites.
Human model is the most advanced example of cognitive estimation competence.
Human models exist for the effects of estrogens on the male skeleton.
Human moderators use a variety of rules systems.
All human moderators have the right to accept or reject articles for rec.gardens.ecosystems.
Human morality is actually an offshoot of imagination.
Human morality is, in fact, extremely important.
Human mortality can be a saving thing.
Human mothers can nurse twins successfully.
Human mothers fade, too.
Human mothers hold, hug, cuddle, and rock boys more than girls.
Human motives are so complex that a judge can only be a poet of justice.
Human motion is governed by the kinematic constraints of the skeleton.
Human motivation is much more complicated than what is the right or wrong thing to do.
Human motivation runs deeper.
Human motivations are complex, but that's a mystery.
Human motives are indeed ambiguous.
Human mouths are like sewers.
Human mouths contain a balanced mix of microbes which, when disrupted, can lead to oral diseases.
Human movement is important to the physical, emotional and mental development of the young adult.
Human movement means a person has high energy.
Human movements are also very smooth and realistic.
Human movies made about vampires invariably get almost all of the facts wrong.
Human muscles adapt to new situations.
Human nails are relatively large and easy to evaluate clinically.
A human nature is an attribute
Human nature abhors a vacuum.
Human nature appears extremely adept at avoiding toll booths and finding rat runs.
Human nature appears to be strongly attracted to the concept of fault.
Human nature are attributes.
Human nature being what it is, all men prefer a false promise to a flat refusal.
Human nature being what it is, competition helps to get people to go up on stage and do things.
Human nature being what it is, conflict is inevitable.
Human nature being what it is, many site owners use keywords as a form of advertising.
Human nature being what it is, most folks tend to fish like they work.
Human nature being what it is, no two people think and act exactly alike.
Human nature being what it is, one has one's doubts.
Human nature being what it is, people are occasionally suspicious.
Human nature being what it is, that's hard to do sometimes.
Human nature being what it is, the child generally has an avoidance reaction to the reading task.
Human nature being what it is, the latter result is the most likely.
Human nature being what it is, they never actually get around to doing it.
Human nature builds a tough skin to protect itself.
Human nature can be our worst enemy.
Human nature can be skeptical.
Human nature can be terrible at times.
Human nature can be very simple, yet very complex too.
Human nature can be very strange indeed.
Human nature can never really overcome nature.
Human nature can t endure much more.
Human nature causes one to adapt slowly to a given situation.
Human nature causes people to develop strong attachments to trees.
Human nature compensates for distress.
Human nature complicates the latter much more than the former.
Human nature conforms to evolution and change irregardless.
Human nature consists of infinite variations upon a theme shaped by evolutionary forces.
Human nature consists of soul and body.
Human nature cries out against it.
Human nature deals well with immediate threats that arouse our fight or flight instincts.
Human nature demands that one's potential be fulfilled and further developed.
Human nature demands that there be competition in every way possible.
Human nature dictates finger-pointing rather than fessing up to responsibility.
Human nature dictates it.
Human nature dictates that it is bound to spill over into the rest of the system.
Human nature dictates.
Human nature does the same thing.
Human nature drags people to the right.
Human nature drives one to rise up to the highest level possible.
Human nature encompasses both levels.
Human nature encourages people to want to share their opinions and thoughts.
Human nature experiences suffering and cries out for relief.
Human nature explains the problem.
Human nature favors simplicity.
Human nature finds some form of peace in stability.
Human nature forces the intelligence to support the policy it implements.
Human nature goes deep, to heart.
Human nature goes on in Cuba, too.
Human nature guarantees that democracy requires constant nurturing and vigilance.
Human nature has a big laziness-avoidance ingredient.
Human nature has some characteristic flaws such as greed, hatred, and violence.
Human nature has the gift of time.
Human nature includes an ability to resist every form of thought control.
Human nature involves self and group interests.
Human nature is a complex thing, neither entirely good or bad, ugly or beautiful.
Human nature is a curious compound.
Human nature is a drag sometimes.
Human nature is a fundamental part.
Human nature is a funny thing.
Human nature is a given and cant be changed.
Human nature is a mercurial thing.
Human nature is a peculiar thing.
Human nature is a puzzling topic.
Human nature is a real good guess.
Human nature is a very dynamic thing.
Human nature is active and purposive, seeking goals and self-improvement.
Human nature is alive and well ALL over the globe.
Human nature is all the same under like circumstances.
Human nature is already arrogant, making one believe that they are crucial to success in any form.
Human nature is already graced existence.
Human nature is always in conflict with successful investing.
Human nature is always willing to pretend to avoid something unpleasant.
Human nature is amoral until it begins to interact with society.
Human nature is an act of self preservation.
Human nature is an interesting thing.
Human nature is another reason that people make assumptions.
Human nature is at least as changeable as social systems.
Human nature is basically . . .
Human nature is basically good, yet incredibly flawed.
Human nature is basically on the lazy side.
Human nature is basically selfish.
Human nature is basically the same now as it was at the beginning of recorded history.
Human nature is bent toward self-gratification.
Human nature is by far the most wonderful thing in our whole universe of things.
Human nature is capable of cooperation as well as competition.
Human nature is changeful and frivolous, and human greed seems to have no limit.
Human nature is characterized both by healthy curiosity and an instinctual fear of things foreign.
Human nature is completely and exclusively egoistic.
Human nature is complex and includes many potentials, some good and some bad.
Human nature is complicated, and there's a lot of human nature in everybody.
Human nature is considered to be frail and faltering and viewed as rebellious and full of pride.
Human nature is constant over time and space.
Human nature is corrupt.
Human nature is depraved.
Human nature is determined by the interaction of the productive forces and objective nature.
Human nature is difficult to avoid.
Human nature is directed by the genes.
Human nature is distinctive because of man's ability to communicate, to speak.
Human nature is endowed with curiosity.
Human nature is essentially good.
Human nature is everywhere the same, but pursuits in life are many and various.
Human nature is evil in itself.
Human nature is expressed with such quietude, resolve, passion, folly and redemption.
Human nature is extremely complex, and it s really the hardest thing to learn how to deal with.
Human nature is fallible.
Human nature is full of contrasts.
Human nature is full of hypocrisies.
Human nature is fundamentally spiritual.
Human nature is funny.
Human nature is good and education is important to bring it to full bloom.
Human nature is held to be unique and sacred.
Human nature is human nature and the honor system usually fails to work out as advertised.
Human nature is human nature even in the Islands.
Human nature is human nature, regardless of age.
Human nature is human nature.
Human nature is human, no matter how dark and ugly.
Human nature is immutable.
Human nature is indeed in the grip of an overwhelming army of occupation.
Human nature is inexplicable.
Human nature is inherently good.
Human nature is insatiable.
Human nature is involved, and it begins to show itself early in life.
Human nature is just that way.
Human nature is learned and mutable.
Human nature is like an intricate steam engine made up of many well-adjusted parts.
Human nature is made up of possibilities both for good and evil.
Human nature is marred.
Human nature is more prone to tear down than it is to build up.
Human nature is much the same in men and women.
Human nature is neither bad nor good.
Human nature is neither good nor evil.
Human nature is no more inclined to good or bad nor water is inclined to east or west'.
Human nature is of a construc- tion that promises excellence even as it admits defect.
Human nature is one idiosyncratic hodgepodge of traits out of many conceivable.
Human nature is our unrelenting foe.
Human nature is pretty basic stuff.
Human nature is problematic and paradoxical.
Human nature is proverbially one-eyed.
Human nature is quite interesting.
Human nature is rather frightening.
Human nature is regarded as fundamentally virtuous.
Human nature is seen as typical, statistical.
Human nature is selfish, and it's only real noble for profit.
Human nature is selfish.
Human nature is something like a child's top painted in the variegated colors of the rainbow.
Human nature is still human nature.
Human nature is such that delivering bad news is difficult.
Human nature is such that it is far easier to lie on paper than in the witness box.
Human nature is such that people naturally compare things or copy great ideas.
Human nature is such that the average individual is loath to work for good health.
Human nature is the basis of all religion and ethics.
Human nature is the capacity to become Javanese, for example.
Human nature is the common qualities of all human beings.
Human nature is the greatest challenge.
Human nature is the other part of it.
Human nature is the same all over the world.
Human nature is the same everywhere, and is recognizably the same as it was in the past.
Human nature is the same everywhere.
Human nature is the same in all pro- fessions.
Human nature is the same the world over.
Human nature is the same throughout the civilized world.
Human nature is the same today as in the Victorian era, and so are the laws of economics.
Human nature is the same today as it was yesterday, last year, or even three thousand years ago.
Human nature is the same way.
Human nature is the same, in Tokyo or New York.
Human nature is to appreciate initially, and then gradually to take for granted whatever one has.
Human nature is to aspire to a larger piece of the pie and a little more of the limelight.
Human nature is to be against nature.
Human nature is to be conscious and to desire.
Human nature is to be flexible and to like to browse.
Human nature is to build bigger and bigger enterprises.
Human nature is to corrupt what is good.
Human nature is to do what everyone else is doing and be a sheep.
Human nature is to interact with other humans whether it be physically, mentally, or emotionally.
Human nature is to overestimate in the short term, and underestimate in the long term.
Human nature is to panic and sell everything.
Human nature is to respond to the spectacular when enjoying any form of entertainment.
Human nature is to ride a pendulum of extremes.
Human nature is to root for people dealt a tough ride by medical problems.
Human nature is to seek out the cheers of friendly crowds.
Human nature is to yell.
Human nature is too fragile and frail for anyone to presume on continued strength.
Human nature is unaltered.
Human nature is universally the same.
Human nature is used to justify inequality rather than search for reasons for inequality.
Human nature is variegated.
Human nature is very strange.
Human nature is violence.
Human nature is weak and susceptible to reversals.
Human nature is weak.
Human nature is what is innate in humans.
Human nature is what it is.
Human nature is why there's never been a real democracy on earth.
Human nature is worse than anyone thinks it.
Human nature is, to put it mildly, difficult to reign in.
Human nature kicks in and if it's close they're probably going to get the call.
Human nature likes to be offered winners and losers.
Human nature likes to place blame rather than accept responsibility.
Human nature looks at everyone in the worse possible light.
Human nature makes it easy to take risk when the market is doing great.
Human nature mean and degraded.
Human nature means that the easy option is always attractive.
Human nature needs changing.
Human nature persists in making some contribution toward salvation.
Human nature plays out regardless of geographical location.
Human nature prescribes that with increasing amounts of toar, jealousy and greed emerge.
Human nature provides numerous opportunities for exploratory learning.
Human nature refers to nearly permanent qualities which humans' posses .
Human nature remains essentially unchanged.
Human nature remains fairly dependable.
Human nature remains pretty much unchanged, generation after generation.
Human nature remains the same.
Human nature remains to be the joint factor among all.
Human nature remains very much the same, as millenniums come and go.
Human nature repeats itself.
Human nature requires graffiti.
Human nature reveals all the landscapes of the world.
Human nature reveals itself only in historical evolution.
Human nature seeks relief from worry and distress.
Human nature seems subject to certain laws of the universe that are impervious to change.
Human nature seems to be somehow drawn toward the spectacular.
Human nature seems to habor a number of elements which are inimical to democracy.
Human nature seems to turn every question into a binary.
Human nature shows up distinctly in both versions.
Human nature strikes again.
Human nature takes whatever works and pushes it until it fails.
Human nature tends neither towards order nor disorder.
Human nature tends to activate and fulfill all human capacities in an harmonious way.
Human nature tends to relate everything else to action.
Human nature tends towards disorder.
Human nature thrives on negativity.
Human nature weathers the storm remarkably well.
Human natures makes it easier to hate than to love.
Human needs are constant through all human cultures and across historical time periods.
Human needs are explored.
Human needs are interrelated and interactive.
Human needs are the focus of studio problems.
Human needs are too individualized and too unpredictable.
Human needs are, for the most part and beyond infancy, individual responsibilit ies.
Human needs come first.
Human needs create patterns of activity and movement locally and worldwide.
Human needs exist objectively, and are the same for all people.
Human needs go unmet, unfulfilled and unexpressed.
All human needs are now obtainable on credit cards.
Human negligence can severely damage freshwater ecosystems.
Human negligence is also another key factor in the downfall of the cicada.
Human neonates begin as mere human evolutes.
Human neuroscience is inherently awe inspiring.
Human neutrophils facilitate tumor cell transendothelial migration.
Human noses can have a wide array of shapes and sizes due to genetics and injuries.
Human nutrition focuses on the nutrient needs of humans to promote health.
Human nutrition is extremely important.
Human nutrition sustains human metabolism.
Human obesity is a risk factor for the development and progression of chronic kidney disease.
Human obesity is likely to result from rare mutations in a number of different genes.
Human observers can recognise objects at different scales.
Some human observers face responses.
Human occupation is restricted to the shorelines.
Human odor is a gas that is carried through the air.
Human odor is a red flag to their sense of smell.
Human offspring are completely immobile.
Human offspring are human beings, persons from fertilization.
Human offspring require more care from their mothers than the offspring of any other life form.
Human omnivores appear to withstand a level of periodontal disease more readily than carnivores.
Human onchocerciasis is caused by the filarial parasite Onchocerca volvulus .
Human oogenesis is discontinuous and cyclic, generat- ing one egg per meiosis.
Human operators have a choice of two views on their computer screens.
Human operators provide the only viable solution because the documents vary widely.
Human opinion is at best simply arbitrary, clouded by the dust of our humanity.
Human opinions are often wrong on every issue under the sun.
Human opponents can play either on the same machine, on the net, or via a network.
Human opponents learn quickly.
Human orbits are cone-shaped and about five centimeters deep in the skull.
Human order is the opposite of mess.
Human organs are organized into organ .
Most human organs are capable of some sort of reparative growth following an injury.
Human organism is just like a miniature version of the universe.
Human organisms have levels.
Most human organisms have levels.
Some human organisms do, and they can then become, in part at least, creators rather than creatures.
Every human organization structures itself to fulfill two essential purposes.
Human origin is in the equatorial zone of Africa.
Human outbreak follows animal outbreak after rains.
Human ova are about the diameter of a hair.
Human overload is the most visible culprit.
Human overpopulation has that dubious honor.
Human overpopulation is the primary culprit for all three.
Human ownership can once again be a joy.
Human ownership can, once again, be a joy.
Human pain is the physical marker of that suffering.
Human papilloma is a particularly virulent virus.
Human parallels involving forgiveness and mediation readily come to mind.
Human parasite finds taxonomic home.
Human parasites cause diseases.
Human parasites have origins.
Most human parasites cause diseases.
Most human parasites have origins.
Human parents continue caring for their offspring long after they are born.
Human parents seek to cure the diseases of their children by using distressing remedies.
Some human participants lose pounds.
Human passions stop only before a moral power they respect.
Human pathogen causes diseases.
Human pathogen causes neurological diseases.
Human pathogen causes severe diseases.
Human pathogen causes severe neurological diseases.
Human pathogens can do damage either directly or indirectly.
Human pathogens require a variety of vitamins - usually obtained from the host organism.
Most human pathogen causes diseases.
Most human pathogen causes neurological diseases.
Most human pathogen causes severe diseases.
Most human pathogen causes severe neurological diseases.
Some human pathogen causes infection.
Some human pathogen causes systemic infection.
Some human pathogen causes threaten infection.
Many human pathologies involve cell proliferation, both benign and malignant.
Human patterns are also unpredictable within a degree of order.
Human perception is something else.
Human perception is very limited.
Human perception operates as an orderly system of progressively abstract bindings.
Human perception remains at a level of a tenth of a second.
All human perception is subject to the lived experience of everyday life.
Human performance is often a key to organizational success.
Human person is a rational animal.
Human persons are moral agents for whom freedom is an essential condition of responsible action.
Human persons are more than their bodies.
Human persons are self-moving substances, capable of being first causes of motion in a causal chain.
Every human person has value, immeasurable value, and that holds for rich and poor, weak and strong.
Every human person is brought into the world through the loving arms of a family.
Every human person is carried in a woman's womb and brought forth through a woman's pain and labor.
Every human person is precious, people are more valuable than things.
Human personalities are fascinatingly complex.
Human personality can only change as one matures in the Word of God.
Human personality is a mystery.
Human personality is a synthesis of all cosmic processes.
Human personality is complex and can therefore be viewed from several different perspectives.
Human personality is like an onion.
Human personality is much more complex.
Human personality is what makes a person distinctive, unique, and exceptional.
Human personhood starts at conception.
Human personhood starts later in gestation.
Human perspective is the perspective of the self.
Human perspectives seem so limited at times, and the natural world so comforting and eternal.
Human pets are an attractant for cougars.
Human phenomena is vastly complex and varied.
Human pheromones are NOW available for use as sexual attractants.
Human philosophy can offer nothing to rival it.
Human philosophy is flawed with many half-truths.
Human physiology has a biological affinity for organic minerals.
Human physiology is a very complex and often times quite perplexing.
Human physiology is predicated on the homeostatic functioning of organs that are composed of cells.
Human physiology is significantly different from the physiologies of mice, rats, and other species.
Human physiology is the study of how the human body functions.
Human pilgrims join their evolutionary cousins, chimpanzees and bonobos .
Human pilot trials publish in journals.
Human plague is extremely susceptible to antibiotics, but fatal without.
Human plans are as large as the States.
Every human plan falls short, and every mental search leads nowhere until finally, all hope is gone.
Human planners rely strongly on past planning experience to generate new plans.
Human plasma is a component used in the manufacture of the oral polio vaccine.
Some human plasma contains viruses.
Human platelet antigens.
Human platelets display high-affinity receptors for thrombopoietin.
Human platelets play an important role in thrombosis and heamostasis.
Human players can also join in.
Human players use several powerful reasoning techniques to analyse the game.
Human population growth affects bear habitats.
Human population growth affects habitats.
Human population has many direct and indirect effects on other variables.
Human population is low and dispersed.
Human population is still relatively low compared to developing nations.
Human populations are hard to get accurate numbers of the human population.
Human populations are in a growth phase.
Human populations can have profound effects on populations of wild animals.
Human populations can impose excessive stresses on aquatic ecosystems.
Human populations have more genetic variability than one strain of hairless albino mice.
Human populations impact the land through timbering, mining, farming, urbanization.
Human populations tend to aggregate around soils where farming is largely successful.
Human populations tend to modify existing ecosystems for own purposes.
Human populations use resources in the environment in order to maintain and improve their existence.
All human populations are susceptible.
All human populations possess language.
Most human populations are victims of the voracious beast, humankind.
Human pornography is quite interesting.
Human porters carry more goods than by every other form of transport combined.
Human possession is something which has always brought about great attention.
Human potential has no boundaries.
Human potential is diminished.
Human potential is far greater than current achievement.
Human potential is limited and the flesh is weak.
Human potential is limited by knowledge.
Human potential is the most overlooked asset and underutilized resource of many organizations.
Human potential is viewed negatively.
All human potentialities are in it.
Human power is always bounded and surrounded by divine praise.
Human power is limited.
Human power starts the rings spinning and the user can move in any direction.
Human power stretches the ring around the lip of the jar lid and applies pressure to turn the lid.
All human power is a compound of time and patience.
All human power is derivative and, therefore, restricted.
Human precautions are necessary when performing a necropsy.
Human predation has many manifestations from the crude to the very sophisticated.
Human predation seems to have little to no effect on Sitka deer populations.
Some human predation involves destruction.
Human predators are only the latest of their concerns.
Human predators outpace other agents of trait change in the wild.
Human predators tend to go for passive prey.
Human pregnancy is characterized by invasion of the uterus by placental trophoblast cells.
Human prehistory is complex.
Human presence can disturb ongoing natural behavior of wild populations.
Human presence can stress the birds and negatively affect their feeding and roosting.
Human presence comes instead in the form of a reassuring male English voice.
Human presence demands much of an ecosystem.
Human presence is noticeably absent here.
Human presence is often a deterrent to foxes.
Human presence keeps the animals from vital water sources.
Human pressures are of equally great importance.
Human pride is rooted in two kinds of self-deception.
Human primates rely on knowledge.
Most human primates rely on knowledge.
Human priorities come well down in the system.
Human problem solving is rather different.
Human problem solving is recursive, general, and hierarchical.
Human problems are within human ingenuity to solve.
Human problems intensify.
All human problems exist in a social context and, therefore, so are the healing process .
Many human problems have an environmental dimension.
A human process is a physical process
Human process approaches to planned change within systems framework.
Human processes are never that simple.
Human productivity is a cultural question before it's an economic one.
Human progress demands a full measure of benefits from the wide ranging information explosion.
Human progress depends upon human involvement, hard work and the reassertion of human dignity.
Human progress is and always has been chaotic.
Human progress is impossible in an environment plagued by such a disease.
Human progress is made by cooperation.
Human progress is neither automatic nor inevitable.
Human progress is on our side.
Human progress is real, somehow.
All human progress is incremental.
Human protection is how humans help the dolphins.
Human proteins are in great demand for the treatment of a variety of diseases.
Human proteins are more versatile, say scientists.
Some human proteins are very valuable drugs.
Human psittacosis is rare, and death associated with the infection in humans extremely rare.
Human psyche is enspirited.
Human psychology applies to doctors too.
Human psychology does the rest.
Human psychology is a powerful influence.
Human psychology is fascinating.
Human purposes are dwarfed by such a blank horizon.
Human quality lies in kindling love within, speaking with love and acting with love.
Human quirks are humorous.
Human rabies is a preventable disease that is nearly always fatal.
Human rabies is a rare event in the United States, usually occurring once or twice a year.
Human rabies is an extremely rare disease.
Human rabies is extremely rare, and there have been no cases in Oregon in the last eight years.
Human rabies is now very rare, due to the development of domestic animal control programs.
Human rabies is very rare.
A human race is a group
A human race is a man
Human races are cultural artifacts with aesthetic function.
Human races are like streams.
Human races are questionable as valid biological categories .
Human races are questionable as valid biological categories.
Human races differ in languages and culture as well as in genes.
Human reaction is almost entirely to symbols, and only negligibly to phenomenon.
Human reactions vary from extreme susceptibility to near immunity.
Most human reactions resulting from fly bites are initial pain, local irritation and swelling.
Human reality is also spiritual, mental, and intellectual.
Human reality is multidimensional, and things are often more complex than they initially appear.
Human reality is objective and subjective together.
Human realm is connected with desire and attachment.
Human reason allow the creature to do at least that.
Human reason can neither prove nor disprove the existence of angels.
Human reason devises equisite technologies which it then deploys to kill itself.
Human reason is beautiful and invincible.
Human reason is by nature architectonic.
Human reason is even incapable of conceiving the ideas of timeless existence and of timeless action.
Human reason is the sole judge of truth and falseness, good and evil.
Human reason is used to build their theology and the Bible is made to fit in it.
Human reason is weak and can be deceived.
Human reconciliation benefits everybody.
Human redemption leads to a cosmic restoration.
Human reflexes are just too slow.
Human relations are a big factor in an employee's, employer's and company's life.
Human relations are complex and delicate in Japan.
Human relations are complex.
Human relations are complicated enough without politicians making the mix even more turbid.
Human relations are critical to our ability to work as societies and assure our mutual provision.
Human relations are important and are more valued than efficiency here.
Human relations are somewhat more intimate.
Human relations are very weak.
Human relations can be one of the toughest areas for a technical manager to conquer.
Human relations Exemplify professional interaction with peers, supervisors, and other staff members.
Human relations is a thread that flows through all levels of management.
Human relations is at the very core of managerial success.
Human relations is paramount in their job.
All human relations require constant and careful attention.
A human relationship is a relation
Human relationship is a source of our existence.
Human relationships are a constant test of allegiance and empathy.
Human relationships are about duty and opportunity.
Human relationships are complex.
Human relationships are dynamic.
Human relationships are far from happy far too much of the time.
Human relationships are fragile and prone to disease.
Human relationships are incredibly complex.
Human relationships are once more a central theme, and female, first-person narrators predominate.
Human relationships are permanent and stable.
Human relationships are terribly fragile.
Human relationships are very important.
Human relationships blossom.
Human relationships can come apart for a whole host of reasons.
Human relationships constitute still higher levels of complexities.
Human relationships depend on communication.
Human relationships differ in the quality of integration they achieve.
Human relationships flourish or diminish in the context and conditions in which they are set.
Human relationships go through various psychological phases.
Human relationships involve risks.
All human relationships are interdependent realities.
All human relationships can be fraught with sinfulness.
Every human relationship is flawed.
Human reliability is a case in point.
Human reliability is always, and can only be, constructed in organizational context.
Human religions have their way of preaching salvation.
Every human religion reverses that order.
Human representations are both schematic and naturalistic.
Human reproduction belongs to sexual reproduction.
Human reproduction depends on actions.
Human reproduction involves intricate anatomy and complex behavior.
Human reproduction involves the production of specialized cells that fuse, forming a fertilized egg.
Human reproduction is considered in comparative perspective.
Human reproduction is inefficient.
Human reproduction is innately wasteful and inefficient.
Human reproduction is most efficient when there is only one fetus.
Human reproduction is no different.
Human reproduction is sexual.
Human reproduction orients sexual activity to the future of the world.
Most human reproduction depends on actions.
Human requirements are proportional to energy expenditure.
Human requirements are under study for arsenic, nickel, silicon and boron.
Human research is still in the future, however.
Human research is the use of any information about or obtained from living persons.
Human research is underway to determine for which physical problems acupuncture works well.
Human research suggests women's food intake varies during the menstrual cycle.
Human resource specialists help employees.
Human resource specialists perform tasks.
Human resource specialists possess knowledge.
Human resource specialists use skills.
Human resource specialists work in offices.
Human resource is our most valuable asset that needs to be nurtured and developed.
Human resource is the most valuable asset for companies.
Human resource needs, planning and assessment.
Human resources add another important component to our services.
Human resources affect most production, financial and marketing decisions.
Human resources are a critical part of success in organizations.
Human resources are absolutely inadequate for the task.
Human resources are all the workers and their abilities.
Human resources are also precious for a religious organization.
Human resources are always strained during an aggressive development plan.
Human resources are always the most valuable resources a company has.
Human resources are among the CEO s top concerns.
Human resources are an important asset.
Human resources are at the core of innovating companies and thus of the entire innovation system.
Human resources are central to the task of upgrading development opportunities everywhere.
Human resources are costly and difficult to replace by technological innovations.
Human resources are critical for success in the knowledge economy.
Human resources are extremely important.
Human resources are marvelous, and are to be employed energetically.
Human resources are our most important asset.
Human resources are our most valuable asset.
Human resources are our strength, and our customer's guarantee of satisfaction.
Human resources are people, with their special knowledge, skills, abilities and characteristics.
Human resources are pivotal to our future.
Human resources are precious.
Human resources are the greatest source of variability in nearly ANY business process.
Human resources are the most important resource for student learning.
Human resources are the most valuable.
Human resources are the single most important credit union asset.
Human resources are the ultimate key to building a stronger rural North Carolina.
Human resources are the valuable foundation of every organization.
Human resources are thin which extends completion of all tasks.
Human resources are ultimately the most essential contributor to a quality education experience.
Human resources are very scarce, since many staff have left or have become refugees.
Human resources are, after all, only human.
Human resources background a plus.
Human resources can provide guidance on making the determination.
Human resources clerks maintain employee records.
Human resources collect from all over the Americas, Asia and Europe.
Human resources experience a plus.
Human resources fall into three categories.
Human resources forecast.
Human resources generate, refine and add value to knowledge.
Human resources has details on qualifications and enrollment procedures.
Human resources includes industrial relations, training, supervision, leadership and motivation.
Human resources is a better name in light of the state now using the name human resources.
Human resources is a crucial factor in determining the performance of any organisation.
Human resources is a field that needs a lot of strong business managers.
Human resources is a graveyard of job applicants.
Human resources is a more complex issue, though equally ironic.
Human resources is a particularly sensitive area.
Human resources is a term covering many issues involving employees in the workplace.
Human resources is another growth area where organisational skills are highly prized.
Human resources is another vital issue for the health of the Singaporean economy.
Human resources is no longer just about issues related to payroll and benefits.
Human resources is one of the biggest tangible investments for an agency.
Human resources is one of Toronto s greatest strengths.
Human resources is the study of the role of the human element in the work environment.
Human resources is the subject of countless books, courses, articles and debate.
Human resources librarian.
Human resources looks for individuals with varying degrees and experience.
Human resources maintains employee information and records, their benefits, and salary information.
Human resources manages the people who work for an organization.
Human resources needs today are much different.
Human resources play a large part in the proceedings.
Human resources play a significant role in connecting patrons to information.
Human resources plays a key role by facilitating the process and providing technical guidance.
Human resources present another kind of problem.
Human resources provides the link between management and the employees.
Human resources refers to individuals within an organisation.
Human resources seem helpless in front of the technology giant.
Human resources sets the culture of an organization.
Some human resources have chances.
Human respect can be devastating at any age.
Human respiration is also a source of carbon dioxide.
Human respiration produces carbon dioxide.
Human responses are manifestations of the interactions between the individual and the environment.
Many human responses are also suitable for classical conditioning.
Human responsibility is based on divine sovereignty.
Human responsibility is there as well.
Human retinoblastoma has essentially no naturally occuring animal counterpart.
Human review can help ensure clarity of language and ease of navigation.
Human review is the only thing that matters.
Human review is the thing that really matters.
Human reviewers check every submission to decide if it's appropriate for the directory.
Human rhinovirus is composed of a single strand of ribonucleic acid.
Human rhinoviruses occur worldwide and are the primary cause of common colds .
A human right is a right
Human rights abuses only speed up a government's loss of legitimacy and lead to greater instability.
Human rights address a specific arena of the human condition.
Human rights affect the happiness, health and prosperity of a community.
Human rights aim to be self-liquidating.
Human rights allow people to have assertive exercise and individual empowerment.
Human rights allow people to live a life that they choose free from discrimination and harassment.
Human rights are a cardinal aspect of our faith.
Human rights are a concept which grew out of medieval Christian Europe.
Human rights are a general possession of all users.
Human rights are a legitimate claim and a solemn responsibility.
Human rights are a legitimate concern of the international community.
Human rights are a natural part of our political dialogue with China.
Human rights are a nuisance.
Human rights are a problem for dissidents and others who run afoul of well-enforced rules.
Human rights are a recognized objective by all.
Human rights are about freedom from fear as much as from want .
Human rights are about the ways states treat their own citizens or individuals under their control.
Human rights are African rights, they are American rights.
Human rights are African rights.
Human rights are America's legacy to the world.
Human rights are an alien concept in Africa and the Balkans.
Human rights are an essential element in education for modern citizenship.
Human rights are an ideal standard.
Human rights are an inextricable part of our lives.
Human rights are an issue for everyone, everywhere.
Human rights are an ongoing creation.
Human rights are as much the result of history as they are universal.
Human rights are at the centre of the discussion at Cairo, and the action to follow.
Human rights are at the root of children's rights.
Human rights are basic protections to which a human being in a given country has a just claim.
Human rights are both inspirational and practical.
Human rights are central to the work of the embassy in Bogota.
Human rights are constantly under attack from erosive forces or just ignorance and arrogance.
Human rights are dependent upon the acceptance of an idea.
Human rights are downtrodden.
Human rights are everyone's rights.
Human rights are everywhere.
Human rights are for everyone, everywhere and at all times.
Human rights are for everyone.
Human rights are for people.
Human rights are foreign to no culture and native to all nations.
Human rights are fundamental to making democracy work for all citizens.
Human rights are fundamental to our relationship.
Human rights are generally well respected in Dominica.
Human rights are generally well respected.
Human rights are highly respected and freedom of expression legally protected by the constitution.
Human rights are ideals that people try to live up to.
Human rights are important because they acknowledge the intrinsic value of human beings.
Human rights are important for several reasons.
Human rights are important.
Human rights are in a sense both the design and the product of people organized through government.
Human rights are in no better shape.
Human rights are inalienable and inviolable rights.
Human rights are indivisible and interdependent and interrelated.
Human rights are indivisible and interdependent.
Human rights are indivisible.
Human rights are inherent and inalienable.
Human rights are inherent and, as with free speech in New Hampshire, are inviolable.
Human rights are inseparable from responsibilities.
Human rights are intrinsic for every human being.
Human rights are key to people s lives for four main reasons.
Human rights are more basic than derived knowledge.
Human rights are more important than property rights.
Human rights are more inclusive, encompassing all the peoples of the earth.
Human rights are necessary for a life with human dignity.
Human rights are neither products nor services.
Human rights are never easy to align with strategic realities.
Human rights are nonexistent in North Korea, and that is the end of it.
Human rights are nonexistent.
Human rights are now global issues.
Human rights are of paramount importance.
Human rights are of universal significance.
Human rights are our birth-right.
Human rights are paramount.
Human rights are part of our foreign policy.
Human rights are political rights.
Human rights are properly the birthright of every human being.
Human rights are rights of entitlement.
Human rights are rights that all people have.
Human rights are rights that any person has as a human being.
Human rights are rights.
Human rights are still at risk from Burma to Nigeria, from Belarus to China.
Human rights are the birthright of every person.
Human rights are the business of everyone.
Human rights are the foundation of human existence and coexistence.
Human rights are the glue which bind societies.
Human rights are the minimum conditions for life in community.
Human rights are the most basic of laws.
Human rights are the natural-born rights for every human being, universally.
Human rights are the only measure.
Human rights are the possession and entitlement of all.
Human rights are the result of popular engagement and struggle.
Human rights are the rights of human beings, both individual and collective.
Human rights are the rights people have simply because they are human.
Human rights are the rights that one has because one is human.
Human rights are the same for all.
Human rights are the simple idea of one being able to enjoy life, and live well with human dignity.
Human rights are the subject of two of the videos selected for the list.
Human rights are to be respected.
Human rights are too important to be abandoned.
Human rights are under siege.
Human rights are universal , indivisible , interdependent , and inalienable .
Human rights are universal and, at the same time, always to be championed.
Human rights are universal rights.
Human rights are universal, and 'confidence-building measures' recognize no boundaries.
Human rights are universal, but human rights violations are particular.
Human rights are universal, indivisible and interdependent.
Human rights are universal, indivisible, interdependent and interrelated.
Human rights are universal, interrelated and indivisible.
Human rights are universal.
Human rights are very important.
Human rights are very much of a sidelight, if anything, in that view.
Human rights are very much on the international political agenda.
Human rights are what reason requires and conscience commands.
Human rights are women's rights and women's rights are human rights.
Human rights are worth nothing in Turkey.
Human rights are yet another issue that American governments have never been really for or against.
Human rights are, after all, a question of State behaviour.
Human rights background a strong plus.
Human rights become meaningful only through national observance and protection.
Human rights begin with children's rights.
Human rights begins with breakfast.
Human rights belong to every person by virtue of birth.
Human rights belong to everyone, or they are guaranteed to no one.
Human rights belong to everyone.
Human rights come because somebody resists the powers that be and say it's got to change.
Human rights come by demand.
Human rights come first, but environmental factors are vitally important too.
Human rights constitute our response to the demands of justice and the fulfillment of human needs.
Human rights constitute the touchstone of a mature and democratic society.
Human rights continues to be an issue in Malaysia.
Human rights define at the same time, values, objectives and the limits.
Human rights depend on no bounds.
Human rights disappear when anyone who speaks out is assassinated by death squads.
Human rights does remain a central issue in our bilateral relations with Colombia.
Human rights encompasses personal and religious use.
Human rights exist only to the extent that they are struggled for, won and then maintained.
Human rights exist to secure freedom from fear and freedom from want.
Human rights form the core of Bulgaria's new democratic Constitution.
Human rights get a lot of lip service but very little practice in most parts of the world.
Human rights give people the choice to live to their potential and to live a life of dignity.
Human rights hang in the balance.
Human rights has multiple dimensions.
Human rights have a legitimate, indeed inevitable, place on the Sino-American agenda.
Human rights have a spiritual character .
Human rights have as one of their threats the false report.
Human rights have different meanings when observed from a deep versus a shallow point of view.
Human rights have no borders.
Human rights have to be put at the heart of the agenda for peace.
Human rights have to come from somewhere, but where do they stem from.
Human rights have to include the right to education, health, shelter and food.
Human rights imply also that one has obligations as a human.
Human rights imply some moral basis for rights.
Human rights involve relationship among individuals, and between individuals and the state.
Human rights involve universal problems and so require universal solutions.
Human rights is a bottom-line issue.
Human rights is a delicate issue.
Human rights is a major concern and area of work.
Human rights is a subject relegated to a separate course.
Human rights is a thorny issue in Vietnam.
Human rights is a universal notion, though there is sometimes a difference in application.
Human rights is a very critical issue.
Human rights is a very important issue in today's society.
Human rights is a very real concern.
Human rights is also one of the biggest bones of contention between U.S. and China.
Human rights is an idea whose time has come.
Human rights is an important case in point.
Human rights is an important component of our relationship with Vietnam.
Human rights is no exception.
Human rights is placed as an all-encompassing element of the reforms.
Human rights is still a sensitive issue in Cambodia.
Human rights is the least of their concerns.
Human rights is the name given to humankind's most universal and fundamental needs and aspirations.
Human rights is the soul of our foreign policy.
Human rights is very important.
Human rights lose.
Human rights offer young people something positive in which to believe.
Human rights perish at death.
Human rights protect an individual's autonomy against greater institutions.
Human rights protect men, women and children all over the world.
Human rights provide for the recognition of the human being as an autonomous being.
Human rights provides a most obvious example.
Human rights Provides links to substantive web sites dealing with all aspects of human rights.
Human rights related issues include economic justice, racism and anti-hate campaigns.
Human rights require the preservation of religious liberty and freedom of conscience.
Human rights retain their usual irrelevance.
Human rights says Japan ignores women trafficking.
Human rights secure our freedom to live fully and responsibly within life's community.
Human rights seek to prevent and redress inhuman wrongs.
Human rights serve a purpose.
Human rights takes many hours of hard work fighting regimes, but without any glory.
Human rights tops the agenda.
Human rights transcend all borders, cultures and notions of difference.
Human rights transcend national boundaries.
Human rights transcends boundaries.
Human rights try to aim for self-liquidation.
All human rights are core and central.
All human rights are interdependent and indivisible and universal.
All human rights are universal, indivisible and interdependent and interrelated.
Any human rights talk that excludes the victim is no rights talk.
Some human rights acts in Canada also guarantee certain liberties and freedoms.
Human robots are people who have become machines, as a result of their conditioning from infancy on.
Human robots are the stuff of science fiction and science fact.
Human rotaviruses have a worldwide distribution.
Human route is always the same.
Human rules are necessary to overrule the word that is claimed and believed to be divine.
Human rulers govern cities without a transcendent standard or role model.
Human sacrifice can function, temporarily, as a ley line when power is needed.
Human sacrifice is a very important part of a ceremony.
Human sacrifice is forbidden.
Human safety comes first.
Human safety is also a concern.
Human safety is established by data in the parent application.
Human safety is the first priority.
Human safety remains a top priority, followed by concerns about the environment.
Human saliva contains an enzyme called amylase.
Human saliva contains substances.
Human saliva contains the carbohydrate-digesting enzyme, salivary amylase.
Human saliva is rich in amylase, and the pancreas also secretes the enzyme.
Most human saliva contains substances.
Human salvation IS our mission and message.
Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted.
Human sanctions are quite adequate.
Human sandals have to walk on checkerboards of blood and grass.
Human sanitation is a problem especially at Deer Lake which also receives concentrated day use.
Human sanity can only take so much torture.
Human scale is the standard for proportion in buildings and their accessories.
Human scalps increase male potency.
Human scent adheres well to grass and brush which can improve the chances of success.
Human scent is the biggest problem deer hunters have to contend with.
Human scent remains longer on cool, moist ground.
Human scent rises to the surface of the water.
Human science is simply too primitive to be able to explain the complexities of it all.
Human sciences dissect everything to comprehend it, and kill everything to examine it.
Human security depends on a system which allows for international judicial intervention.
Human security goes beyond the traditional concept of physical protection as a result of conflict.
Human security is a foreign policy idea and a political imperative.
Human security is a matter of human dignity.
Human security is an action-oriented approach that focuses on the individual.
Human security is an enabling condition for development.
Human security is an issue of particular concern to the poor.
Human security is both short term and long term.
Human security is now a central theme of our foreign policy.
Human security is thus firmly based in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Human security is, for all intents and purposes, a theory of development.
Human security means building security from the bottom up.
Human security provides an enabling environment for human development.
Human security requires a collective and comprehensive effort.
Human security requires a secure state, in the sense of peace between nations.
Human selection is relatively recent and has resulted in our cultivated plants and domestic animals.
Some human semen contains animalcules.
Human senses are capable of detection at the quantum level obviously since photons are quanta.
Human senses are unable to detect microwave energy leaks.
Human senses are so undependable and the passage taxes travelers beyond their limits.
Every human sense is enlivened and heightened in Orthodox worship.
Most human senses have very high dynamic range.
Human servants rebuke.
Human service encompasses a broad range of career possibilities.
Human service is the highest form of self-interest for the person who serves.
Human service is the idiomatic phrase.
Human services are for our entire community.
Human services are one of the major functions of government.
Human services are primarily the responsibility of the state and federal governments.
Human services includes the social services, education, health and the criminal justice system.
Human services is a multidisciplinary profession and reflects complex human interactions.
Human services is a wide and diverse field.
Human services register.
Human settlement dates back at least a century.
Human settlement dates back probably as far as pharaonic times.
Human settlement dates back probably as far as Pharaonic times.
Human settlement is affected by the distribution of resources.
Human settlement is, of course, quite a ways off.
Human settlements are in crisis in both the North and the South, but for different reasons.
Human settlements are no exception.
Human settlements are the largest, most complicated technology ever created by human beings.
Human settlements change the ecology of natural systems.
Human settlements constitute the main focus for national investment priorities and strategies.
Any human settlement is an economic equivalent to a local ecosystem.
Human settlers overhunt the population, causing a bottleneck effect.
Human sewage is another source of water pollution.
Human sex is one mammal mounting another, thrusting, and repeating.
Human sex is too complicated and dangerous for most animals.
Human sexuality becomes a cheap and interchangeable commodity.
Human sexuality has many aspects.
Human sexuality has momentous consequences for society.
Human sexuality is a rich and complex area of human experience.
Human sexuality is degraded.
Human sexuality is discussed from psychological, biological, and cross-cultural perspectives.
Human sexuality is included in the program.
Human sexuality is incredibly complex and no two people are the same.
Human sexuality is no exception.
Human sexuality is often a matter of communication.
Human sexuality is placed on a continuum.
Human sexuality is really complex.
Human sexuality is the capacity of humans to have erotic experiences and responses.
Human sexuality is to be expressed only within the monogamous, heterosexual framework of marriage.
Human sexuality is unique in that it includes , but transcends , physical reproductive elements.
Human sexuality is very complex and that's true of many aspects of human life.
Human sexuality is very complex.
Human shampoos are harsher and are formulated with a different pH than what a dog needs.
Human shampoos can strip a dog's coat of essential oils.
Human shelters make no provisions for pets, as a result they are often left behind.
Human sight deteriorates with age.
Human sin is deliberate.
Human sin is real.
Human sin is still sin.
Human sinfulness affects the entire person.
All human situations have their inconveniences.
Human skeletons are internal ones called endoskeletons .
Human skeletons consist of bones.
Human skeletons include bones.
Human skeletons show signs of violent end.
Most human skeletons consist of bones.
Human skill involves the ability to interact effectively with people.
Human skills are extremely important to managers at top, middle, and lower or supervisory levels.
Human skills involve an understanding of human behavior and communicaiton processes.
Human skills involve the ability to work well with other people, both individually and in a group.
Human skills keep showing they amount to everything.
Human skin allows the passage of toxic substances.
Human skin can feel infrared radiation.
Human skin comes in pink, yellow, brown, reddish brown, and black.
Human skin comes into contact with many agents intentionally and unintentionally.
Human skin contains receptors that inform the brain about mechanical stimuli.
Human skin has layers.
Human skin has remarkable self-healing properties, particularly when only the epidermis is damaged.
Human skin has top layers.
Human skin has two main layers, the dermis and the epidermis.
Human skin is a lot more than that.
Human skin is a sensitive and complex organ utilizing miriad cell processes to function.
Human skin is a speedometer for the gases.
Human skin is a well-designed organ that is an excellent barrier to most agents.
Human skin is epithelial tissue.
Human skin is phospho-lipid deficient.
Human skin is relatively water-tight, but fish skin in rather leaky.
Human skin is very soft and elastic.
Human skin receives no chemical exposure whatsoever.
Human skin shows high skin color variety from the darkest brown to the lightest pinkish-white hues.
Most human skin has layers.
Most human skin has top layers.
Human skulls are always fascinating.
Human skulls are as common as palm trees in Cambodia.
Human skulls are body parts.
Human skulls are human bones.
Human skulls are skulls.
Human skulls are the most common image, but others include polar bears and seals.
Human skulls pack a three-story mausoleum.
Some human skulls consist of layers.
Some human skulls have ears.
Human slaves toil in degradation, making due with dingy homespun wrappings.
Human slavery is permitted in Sudan and other African countries.
Human slavery is wrong, andemoralizing.
Human slavery is wrong, insecure, and demoralizing.
Human slavery takes many forms.
Human sleep occurs with circadian periodicity.
Human smuggling deserves the strongest possible condemnation.
Human smuggling is a growing criminal industry.
Human societies are also at risk.
Human societies are more successful than solitary humans.
Human societies are what they are, in large measure, because of their languages.
Human societies communicate with various languages depending on gtheir geographical areas.
Human societies experience the most troubled times when they have the least belief.
Human societies grow in population and complexity to the limit of their energy supply.
Human societies have a tendency to dissolve into factions.
Human societies have the potential to develop and manage environmental change.
Human societies increase complexity.
Human societies pay attention.
Human societies tend to exhibit unique traits, based on their circumstances.
Human societies vary in language, dress, cuisine and a host of other customs.
Human societies vary in lots of independent factors affecting their openness to innovation.
Human society finds names necessary because of the lack of telepathy.
Human society has a lot of cultural meanings or discourses of eating or tasting in food.
Human society has ethical and moral norms based on wisdom, conscience and practicality.
Human society has more dead than living members.
Human society has to go on a basis of trust and understanding.
Human society is a ceaseless growth, an unfoldment in terms of spirituality.
Human society is a community of trust.
Human society is a, living thing, a growing thing.
Human society is an intellectual and spiritual phenomenon.
Human society is and has been dependent on biodiversity.
Human society is complex, made up of people who are complex.
Human society is complicated enough already.
Human society is composed of groups, superorganisms.
Human society is cruel and cruelty is natural to man.
Human society is ephemeral.
Human society is just a stage for race, or competition.
Human society is much less strongly integrated but much more complex.
Human society is one and indivisible.
Human society is one single vital global unit and megaorganism.
Human society is organized in theory and in fact to reduce the risk of harm.
Human society is originally and in itself a state of equality and independence.
Human society is terribly chaotic.
Human society is the most diverse among the primates.
Human society loses homogeneity.
Human society makes a lot of mistakes.
Human society plays out the same thing, but on a larger time scale.
Human society produces a veritable compost heap of organic waste.
Human society recruits starship troopers to fight the Bug.
Human society relies on about a dozen plants for survival.
Human society requires a division of labor.
Human society suffers a great loss when refugee lives are wasted or when they are left to perish.
Human society tends to homogenize memes into global belief systems with staying power.
All human societies are natural.
All human societies have language.
All human societies paint, tattoo, or simply wrap their bodies.
All human societies produce solid waste.
All human societies value the ability to put words and language to good use.
Any human society gives itself rules of prohibition with respect to sexuality.
Any human society is layered economically and socially by division of labour.
Every human society has rules of some sort governing sex.
Every human society is a little prototype of evolution.
Every human society is an enterprise of world-building.
Many human societies are prudish about genitals.
Many human societies depend on specific crops for food, clothing, and trade.
Most human societies find orgiastic behavior unpalatable or impractical.
Most human societies have religious beliefs of one kind or another.
Most human societies have some characteristics in common.
Most human societies increase complexity.
Most human societies interact with one another in relatively peaceful and productive ways.
Most human societies pay attention.
Most human societies produce mass poverty.
Some human societies use natural resources.
Some human societies use resources.
Human solidarity is reflected in the obligatory principle of beneficence in all the faiths.
Human solutions fail to solve our problem.
Any human solution is based on human reaction no matter how nicely it is doctored up.
Human souls enjoy a series of incarnations in human form.
Human souls enjoy a series of incarnations.
All human souls are equal, unique, beautiful and incomparable.
Every human soul is a single photon in one of the seven streams of creative light.
Human sources are optional.
Human space is divided in two empires.
Human spaceflight is almost as old as space exploration itself.
Human spaceflight is associated with the loss of body protein.
Human speech acts as a code.
Human speech consists of sentences, words and syllables.
Human speech dissipates the shadows and makes a room seem normal .
Human speech dissipates the shadows and makes a room seem normal.
Human speech has two distinctive yet complementary functions and modes.
Human speech is a combination of frequencies and rhythms.
Human speech is much more complex and ephemeral.
Human speech is produced by our lungs and vocal folds.
Human speech is produced by vibrating our vocal cords and transmitting the sound through the air.
Human speech is soul energy generated by bodily organs.
Human speech is thoroughly dialogical.
Human speech is, perhaps, the ultimate form of communication.
Human speech raises man far above animals.
Human sperm are much smaller than a human egg.
Human sperm comes in three varieties, mixed.
Human sperm have a single flagellum.
Human sperm is made in the testicles of a man .
Human sperm is made in the testicles of a man.
Human spread is largely by planting Japanese privet as an ornamental plant in landscaping.
Human staff are available at posted hours to meet with students online.
Human stomachs have a special lining which is resistant to the acid produced in the stomach.
All human stories are interesting.
Human strength can do nothing.
Human strength is confined to a circle with the individual at the center.
Human structure continues to change and develop throughout life.
All human structures spawn from the human mind.
Human struggle is two conflicting inclinations - to either do the right thing, or to be selfish.
Human studies appear to be lacking.
Human studies are even more convincing.
Human studies are fairly limited.
Human studies are inconclusive regarding antimony exposure and cancer.
Human studies are inconclusive regarding chlordane and cancer.
Human studies are inconclusive regarding heptachlor and cancer.
Human studies are inconclusive regarding lead and an increased cancer risk.
Human studies are inconclusive.
Human studies are less conclusive.
Human studies are much fewer and somewhat conflicting.
Human studies are still years away.
Human studies are very expensive.
Human studies confirm immune stimulation by garlic .
Human studies confirm immune stimulation by garlic.
Human studies continue today to improve surfactant therapy for infants.
Human studies implicate psychosocial factors are involved in various pathophysiological processes.
Human studies review, of course.
Human studies show that it produces changes in meal-related satietal sensations.
Human studies show that soy protein helps decrease fat and increases lean tissue.
Human studies supporting ginseng's claim to be a sexual rejuvenator are scanty as yet.
Human studies tend to be in German as most of the studies have been done in Germany.
Many human studies show that soy promotes better breast and endometrial health.
Some human studies indicate potential for lung cancer from crystalline silica exposure.
Human stuff happens.
Human subjects are always volunteers.
Human subjects are capable of lying awake in bed during the first night of sleep deprivation.
Human subjects misjudge the position of a target that is flashed during a pursuit eye movement.
Human subjects review.
All human subjects have the right to be fully informed about the research in which they participate.
Human subjectivity is precisely what the scientific method is designed to counteract.
Human success is like a big pile of excrement.
All human success is the result of a persistent commitment.
Human support is also a necessity.
Human survival depends on biological diversity.
Human survival depends on health.
Human survival depends on photosynthesis.
Human survival depends on the health of the ecosystem.
Human survival is threatened by the destruction of plants on such a massive scale.
Most human survival depends on health.
Human susceptibility varies greatly among individuals.
Human swimmers become much more efficient and powerful when they learn to do the same.
Human swimmers brave the icy waters of Lake Michigan.
Human symptoms appear to be caused directly by the toxin.
Human systems are simply too complex to fit under some template of explanation.
Human systems do the same thing.
Human systems organize people.
Human systems show all types of complexity.
Any human system has holes in it.
Many human systems are sensitive to climate change, and some are vulnerable.
Human talent is mobile.
Human tapeworms cause serious symptoms.
Human tapeworms cause symptoms.
Human tapeworms need food.
Most human tapeworms cause serious symptoms.
Most human tapeworms cause symptoms.
Human teachers can more easily adjust the curriculum to the level of the students.
Human teachers can only help the great work that is being done, as servants help the master.
Human teaching is shut out.
Human teachings is shut out.
Human tears are a little salty, but terrapin tears are twice as salty as sea water.
Human techniques throw massive quantities of substances into the world and reaps no in-between.
Human technology is another factor that sets Earth apart from other planets.
Human tendency evidences payment to smaller creditors when money gets tight.
Human teratogens are rare, but do exist in many workplaces.
Human tests are a long way away.
Human tests are few and far between.
Human tests are in the early stages.
Human tests are now underway of an oral vaccine for multiple sclerosis.
Human tests lie in the future.
Human testimony amounts to only human opinion equal to any other guess.
Human testimony is normally truthful and can be assumed to be a proof as to what has taken place.
Human testing is currently underway.
Human testing is still a few years away.
Human therapists can now treat only a fraction of that number.
Human thighbones are as strong as concrete.
Human thought depends on the behavior of billions of neurons, nerve cells that signal each other.
Human thought is another kind of bandwidth, along with a computer's and a connection's.
Human thought is relational and selective.
Human thought is reliant on nearly all the cells that make up the brain.
Human thought is rooted in the emergence of symbolic language.
Human thought recedes into the human past.
Human thoughts influence a system of simultaneous interplay between past, present and future.
Human thoughts le ad to great inventions and innovations in the face of natural obstacles.
All human thought is the product of a protracted historical and social process.
Human thugs are more common than leopards.
Human ties made in difficult times are really precious.
Human time is out of sync with Earth time.
Human tissue can behave in ways that are unpredictable.
Human tissue includes bones, tendons, heart valves, corneas, skin and other body parts.
Human tissue incorporates a complex weave of dacron, silicon, and metal. . . .
Human tissue is composed of cells.
Human tissue shows substantial levels of most dietary carotenoids.
Human tissues play a critical role in modern medicine.
Some human tissues have higher energy demands than others.
Human tolerance is so limited, in part, because physical distances are so finite.
Human tools are the most prominent of all fossils in the area.
Human teeth are almost as hard as rocks.
Human teeth are brachydont.
Human teeth are shaped to chew both meat and plants.
Human teeth correspond almost identically to the chimpanzees and other frugivores.
Human teeth have a blood and nerve supply which enables proprioception.
Human teeth have two basic shapes to chew both kinds of food.
Some human teeth have better mechanical properties.
Some human teeth have mechanical properties.
Some human teeth have properties.
Human toothpaste can cause digestive upsets if it's swallowed.
Human touch conveys healing care and love.
Human touch is a fundamental aspect of life as well as an essential part of healing.
Human touch is a phenomenal health tool.
Human touch is an important part of the healing process.
Human touch is an issue.
Human touch is critically important for our well-being.
Human touch is one of the most powerful forms of communication of the deeper things of our lives.
Human touch is very important in the imparting of education.
Human toxicity is rare.
Human toxicity is, however, hard to avoid with pesticides targeting mammals, such as rodenticides .
Human toxicity varies greatly from compound to compound.
Human traces are also possible.
Human traditions can be fine tuned and adjusted.
All human traditions are dimensions of each other.
Human traffickers are a serious threat, especially in Albania.
Human traits are influ-enced by many genes acting together in.
Many human traits are heritable.
Many human traits follow a pattern of simple dominance.
Most human traits are influenced by many genes acting together.
Most human traits have more complex modes of inheritance than simple Mendelian inheritance.
Some human traits are the result of environment rather than heredity.
Human transformation arises out of the transformation of individuals.
Human translation is available for a charge.
Human translators are unable to keep up with the demand for their services.
Human translators can only change the text.
Human translators excel at creating perfect translations.
Human translators produce polished, publication-quality translations of documents.
Human translators provide translation, review, post-editing, and quality assurance functions.
Human trappings are meaningless.
Human treatment is still many years away, however.
Human treatment is usually by anti-fungal creams.
Human treatments are years off, however.
Human trials are currently the only means to test potential agents.
Human trials are more important than animal studies.
Human trials are next.
Human trials are the next step.
Human trials are underway in a few centers.
Human trials are underway to see what happens to the various formulas once they're applied.
Human trials have yet to show benefits.
Human trials start in the fall.
Human trials using the PNSG vaccine are, however, at least one to two years in the future.
Human trophoblasts produce inflammatory cytokines.
Human truth is grounded in faith.
Human truth is one.
Human tumor antigens are ready to fly.
Most human tumors are monoclonal.
Human ulcers respond in the same manner.
Human underwriters can then focus on the exceptions.
Human unhappiness is evidence of our immortality.
Human uniformity is the bedrock assumption of polite discourse today.
Human unity becomes more and more remote.
Human unity is only viable if all can participate in it to their advantage.
Human urine is filtered blood.
Human urine works and a combination of the two is very effective.
Human uses range from canoeing to sailing.
Human uses tend to be favored over needs of the aquatic ecosystem, some say.
Human usage demands regularity.
Human use impacts the island ecosystem.
Human use is a large contributor to most landslides in residential areas.
Human use is heavy.
Human use is high.
Human use is light all year.
Human use is light and concentrated on the trails that lead to lakes.
Human use is light.
Human use is moderate.
Human use is rated as moderate.
Human use is recognized as one of the highest priorities in future research.
Human use is secondary.
Human use is very light, and usually confined to deer hunters.
Human users Are system abusers.
Human users are usually more comfortable with verbose output.
Human users can use the more friendly domainized names.
Human users increase in size and strength until they spontaneously combust .
Human users make that shift naturally.
Human vaccination is forbidden.
Human vaccines are available only in a few countries, such as Cuba and China.
Human value is a sliding scale.
Human value is always higher than any market value.
Human value is arbitrary and subjective.
Human values are in flux and subject to challenge.
Human values are the contemporary currency of commerce.
Human values are the hallmark of human evolution and the basis of a peaceful and prosperous world.
Human values are universal.
Human values are what people measure, rather than the value of things.
Human values derive directly from reality and human nature.
Human values have a fourth values, the emotive.
Human values have a price.
Human Values lecture.
Human values provide moral centers for historical narratives.
Human Values Seek and promote a diverse population among our students, faculty, and staff.
Human vandalism has to share some part of the blame too.
Human variability looks at biological diversity in contemporary human populations.
Human variance causes problems in interpreting results.
Human variation is a legitimate area of scientific study.
Human variation is a paradox.
Human variation is continuous, with no clear points of demarcation.
Human variety is interesting, exciting and essential to human advancement.
Human vibrancy is added by the thousands of students returning to begin their new academic year.
Human victimisation includes self-infliction, criminal and civil acts or omissions.
All human view is biased and subjective.
Human viewpoint leads to human dependence.
Human violence is as violent as it is only because the first human act is the deferral of violence.
Human virtue is the capacity to affirm our own excellence, our humanity.
Human virtue is, after all, rather limited.
Human viruses make their way into beach water from a variety of sources.
Human viruses mutate and get more deadly.
Human vision allows the discrimination of only about sixteen levels or intensities of gray.
Human vision declines with advancing age.
Human vision focusses on lip movements.
Human vision is a complex process.
Human vision is complex systems.
Human vision is complicated.
Human vision is different from dog vision because there is a different sense of acuity.
Human vision is different from dog vision.
Human vision is dimmed, so that the stars seem duller and fewer in number even than usual.
Human vision is very much keyed to color.
Human vision is very poor in relation to some animals.
Human vision is very selective.
Most human visits are limited to day hikes.
Human visitors are common, sometimes coming for bird watching but primarily for surf fishing.
Human visitors are common, sometimes for birdwatching but primarily for surf fishing.
Human visitors are few.
Human visitors are perhaps the rarest species of all.
Human visitors come to hike and camp, fish and watch wildlife.
Human visitors come to hike, camp, fish, and watch wildlife.
Many human visitors come for the bird watching.
Human voice can also be seen as an instrument, air is brought into vibration by vocal chords.
Human voices are a good hindrance for almost all animals.
Human voices are instruments.
Human voices are the most important thing for the baby to hear.
Human voices trump robotic ones.
Human volition is a strange enigma.
Human volunteers are welcome too.
Human wandering is as old as humankind, but the world has never seen so much of it.
Human waste breaks down very slowly even in the best conditions.
Human waste breaks down very slowly, if at all, in caves.
Human waste can be a concentrated pollutant or a valuable resource.
Human waste can be a serious health problem unless carefully disposed of.
Human waste contains high amounts of phosphorus that can pass through STPs.
Human waste flows in as the city sewage system overflows.
Human waste increases nutrient levels in the environment.
Human waste is a resource.
Human waste is albums.
Human waste is also responsible for the spread of Giardia in North America.
Human waste is an excretory product
Human waste is filth to the max, and endangers anyone who has to suffer the sorrow of bad water.
Human waste is located in septic tanks.
Human waste is often a carrier of disease.
Human waste is preserved for decades due to the aridity.
Human waste is required to be sanitized.
Human waste is the natural by-product of man's digestive system.
Human waste is to blame.
Human waste is unsightly and unsanitary.
Human waste is very good for farming.
Human waste poses a tremendous social cost through pollution of rivers and groundwater.
Human wastes are an extensively used resource in many parts of the world.
Human wastewater is present, likely associated with storm runoff or combined sewer overflows.
Human ways are different.
Human weaknesses compete with human strengths in a struggle that is the great epic of our existence.
Human weight is the measure of all that duplicity and theft.
Human welfare depends on the degree of psychic expansion.
Human welfare is possible only by a reconciliation of the two.
Human whim is never a factor.
Human wickedness is at the root of the evil.
Human wisdom asks for more.
Human wisdom is discursive, based on philosophy and the fruit of which is theology.
Human wisdom is easy to come by and next to useless when it comes to spiritual matters.
Human wisdom is faddish.
Human wisdom is inexhaustible.
Human wisdom is of no value here.
Human wisdom is often wrong.
Human wisdom leads to sin.
All human wisdom is summed up in two words- wait and hope.
Human witnesses have limits.
Human women get nauseous.
Human words are unreliable.
Human words can exert great power.
Human work is the most important element in economic life.
Human works are futile to produce genuine righteousness.
Many human worlds benefit from mutual contact and a comparable level of technology.
Human wrath is always suspect.
A human is a hominid
Human becomes prey.
Human interrelationships with elements of weather, climate, landforms, soils, and vegetation.
Human is a core metal group who believe in the intensity of the music.
Human is definitive host.
Human is more like it.
Human is no longer a special classification but merely an adjective describing our animal nature.
Human is what carries the human genome.
Human isa primate.
Human knows the human.
Human remains and rocket heads and shells still litter in the surroundings of the city.
Human remains and sacred objects.
Human remains in coal.
Human remains in human excrement.
Human remains recovered from a shark's stomach in South Carolina.
Humans absolutely have instincts.
Humans absorb it through the food chain, particularly through meat, fish, and dairy products.
Humans absorb their environment and feed it in equal measures.
Humans accept a certain mortality rate in return for the convenience of using passenger cars.
Humans accomplish the analogous task by positioning their heads and eyes for optimal stereo effects.
Humans accumulate lead and cadmium via the food chain and the air.
Humans achieve quiescence imperfectly by intense concentration.
Humans acquire contact.
Humans acquire disease by eating undercooked meat or by rubbing the eyes after handling animals.
Humans acquire disease via ingestion of contaminated food or water.
Humans acquire infection.
Humans acquire language as babies.
Humans acquire malaria through the bite of a mosquito.
Humans acquire names soon after birth.
Humans acquire sparganosis in a variety of ways.
Humans acquire strongyloidiasis following contact with contaminated soil.
Humans acquire the disease by consuming infected beef.
Humans acquire the disease by eating raw fish.
Humans acquire the disease by inhalation of aerosols contaminated with the organisms.
Humans acquire the fish tapeworm by eating raw or uncooked fish which contain the larva.
Humans acquire the infection by consuming raw or undercooked freshwater fish.
Humans acquire the infection by direct or indirect contact with rodents or their excreta.
Humans acquire the infection by eating raw freshwater fish.
Humans acquire the infection from contact with infected animals, carcasses, or nonliving material.
Humans acquire the infective larvae through the bite of a mosquito.
Humans acquire the organisms by eating undercooked chicken or drinking contaminated milk and water.
Humans acquire the parasite by eating undercooked pork or other meat that is infected.
Humans act as dead-end hosts.
Humans act by using language that is purposeful and that conveys our attitudes.
Humans act in another way to unwittingly cause mass wasting.
Humans act on impulse it sometimes seems to do anything to stop the flow of wet eyes.
Humans act upon a hierarchy of needs, and sex is very highly ranked.
Humans actually have receptors on the tongue for glutamate.
Humans actually make up a tiny portion of the fossil record.
Humans actually seek it out without consideration of the consequences.
Humans adamantly resist any perceived threat to their freedom.
Humans adapt to bad interface all too readily.
Humans adapt to climates.
Humans adapt to conditions.
Humans adapt to different, sometimes hostile environments.
Humans adapt to environments.
Humans adapt to physical environments.
Humans adapt to their environment.
Humans adapt very well to space.
Humans add an additional burden on the system.
Humans add large amounts of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere every year.
Humans add methane to the atmosphere.
Humans add nitrogen to the biosphere through the manufacture and use of fertilizers.
Humans add some judgments.
Humans add uranium to the soil through industrial activities.
Humans address scarcity by finding substitutes that are cheaper, better and more abundant.
Humans adjust the environment on a huge scale to fit their preferences.
Humans affect and depend on their natural and constructed environments.
Humans affect animal behaviour.
Humans affect behaviour.
Humans affect biodiversity at the genetic, species, community, and ecosystem levels.
Humans affect greenhouse gas levels by introducing new sources or by interfering with natural sinks.
Humans affect life.
Humans affect soil biodiversity through their agricultural activities.
Humans affect the armadillo in many ways.
Humans affect the environment and the environment affects humans.
Humans affect the forest in many ways.
Humans affect the Tundra biome by adding to air pollution.
Humans agree to make laws for many reasons.
Humans alone are able to desire such a relationship.
Humans alone are the architects of their destiny.
Humans alone create a moral world.
Humans also affect the beluga populations in other ways.
Humans also affect the food web in other ways.
Humans also affect the oceanic carbon cycle.
Humans also appreciate the difference between moral right and wrong.
Humans also are a predator of jackrabbits.
Humans also are bilaterally symmetrical.
Humans also belong to the animal kingdom.
Humans also benefit from the fruit of the orchard and the eggs and meat of the chickens.
Humans also benefit indirectly from intact, diverse ecosystems.
Humans also build levees along channels to control flooding.
Humans also can aim directly at restoring species.
Humans also can alter biological communities by stocking non-native fish.
Humans also can contract anthrax by eating meat from infected animals.
Humans also can get sick because of parasites carried by pets.
Humans also cause climate change in rural areas when they clear forests and plant crops.
Humans also cause climate to change.
Humans also compete with the jaguar for available prey.
Humans also contribute to technical dilemmas.
Humans also define communication.
Humans also destroy their habitats by logging trees.
Humans also do let the dirty exhaust from their vehicles to pollute the air.
Humans also do make errors occasionally.
Humans also dominate the political landscape, comprising most of the Galactic Empire.
Humans also eat alga such as seaweed.
Humans also eat flounder.
Humans also eat for other reasons.
Humans also endanger mountain goats.
Humans also enter into all kinds of improper work which they have no right to be engaged in.
Humans also express themselves through powerful elementary vocalizations.
Humans also fall into the broad niche group.
Humans also feed on mullet which they catch in nets along the shore.
Humans also fight over property.
Humans also fix nitrogen.
Humans also generate methyl mercaptan when they ingest chicken eggs.
Humans also get a bonus feat at first level.
Humans also give graphic, explosive birth to alien babies.
Humans also harvest large trees to build structures with the cellulose-rich lumber.
Humans also have a large impact.
Humans also have a primal relationship with large predators.
Humans also have a relatively poor sense of smell compared with other mammals.
Humans also have a strong networking and support system.
Humans also have dark and white meat.
Humans also have diaspores.
Humans also have far fewer of that type of cell receptor.
Humans also have features with a much older history, from early in the life of vertebrates.
Humans also have gender specific criteria for sexual selection.
Humans also have genes which can repair DNA damage.
Humans also have moral duties because of their ability to reason and speak.
Humans also have significant impact on frog habitat as high-level consumers of natural resources.
Humans also have the ability to accept or reject transplanted tissue.
Humans also have the capacity to rehearse both past and future through daydreams while awake.
Humans also have the right kind of larynx, or voice box.
Humans also have the right to their own development.
Humans also have to interpret the science and data, which can lead to further errors.
Humans also hunt belugas for food.
Humans also hunt lesser kudu for their meat, hides, and horns.
Humans also hunt puffins, with sometimes devastating results.
Humans also impact waters.
Humans also influence the carbon cycle indirectly by changing the terrestrial and oceanic biosphere.
Humans also inhabit the rainforests.
Humans also keep arctic foxes in captivity in fur farms.
Humans also kill animals for their body parts to use in traditional medicines.
Humans also learn through imitation.
Humans also link between the living and supernatural in the form of ancestor worship.
Humans also live in extended groups and many different kinds of family arrangements.
Humans also live.
Humans also look at themselves and others.
Humans also make covenants with each other.
Humans also make hills by digging soil up and dumping it in a giant pile.
Humans also make withdrawals from the water account.
Humans also manufacture goods which the process of releases carbon gas.
Humans also play a role in the ecosystem.
Humans also play an important role.
Humans also pose a serious threat.
Humans also pose great dangers to snails in the wild.
Humans also pose great dangers to snails.
Humans also prepare for winter.
Humans also produce a lot of carbon dioxide.
Humans also progress through the sophistication of the tools they create.
Humans also release an immense variety of toxins into the environment.
Humans also respond or adapt to environmental changes such as changes in climate.
Humans also seek out sea urchin eggs, or roe, for food.
Humans also seem to be able to adapt to hot weather.
Humans also seem to have a critical learning period.
Humans also seem to have preferred ways of grouping music into phrases.
Humans also show evidence of a loss of small and large axons.
Humans also show sex differences in spatial ability.
Humans also start forest fires, by accident or on purpose.
Humans also synthesize and utilize glycogen.
Humans also tend to hunt gazelles.
Humans also threaten it through poaching and wildlife control measures.
Humans also use animal products and by-products in pharmaceuticals.
Humans also use animals as sources of food and clothing.
Humans also use geophagy to protect themselves against plant toxins.
Humans also use honey in their food and drinks.
Humans also use hormones to sense and respond to our environment.
Humans also use language for thinking.
Humans also use many of the camel's by-products, especially camel meat and milk.
Humans also value biodiversity in less commercial ways.
Humans also vary considerably in how prone they are to become obese.
Humans also walk upright on two legs.
Humans alter biospheres.
Humans alter environments.
Humans alter habitats.
Humans alter natural habitats.
Humans alter natural systems.
Humans alter the distribution of water in the environment with dams and pumping from aquifers.
Humans answer our phones.
Humans appear and develop.
Humans appear as strands of light accumulating in a globe or egg.
Humans appear for the first time.
Humans appear in the fossil record as already human.
Humans appear on the scene at the ideal moment for atmospheric and ground level survival conditions.
Humans appear to be able to partially separate the various information sources in the speech signal.
Humans appear to be among the most sensitive animals to ozone.
Humans appear to be born with an innate universal grammar.
Humans appear to be outside of the natural equilibrium cycles of the forest.
Humans appear to be very sensitive to possible deception in emotional expressions.
Humans appear to do their best when there are obstacles to overcome.
Humans appear to have no patrons.
Humans appear to metabolize coumarin differently than other species.
Humans appear, language, collective learning.
Humans apply labor.
Humans appropriate more than half the world's fresh water.
Humans are a bit different because, unlike many species, both sexes get to be choosy.
Humans are a bit more sophisticated than worms in the structure of their nervous systems.
Humans are a collection of chemicals fashioned and controlled by genes.
Humans are a curious lot.
Humans are a derivative of the creative process.
Humans are a difficult species.
Humans are a domesticated species.
Humans are a dominating presence on the landscape.
Humans are a eukaryotic species.
Humans are a force of nature.
Humans are a fourth type, with a single living species.
Humans are a fractious lot.
Humans are a frustrating breed.
Humans are a funny bunch.
Humans are a good example of an omnivorous consumer .
Humans are a good example of an omnivorous consumer.
Humans are a good example of heterotrophs.
Humans are a home to a myriad of other living creatures.
Humans are a huge threat to the penguin habitat.
Humans are a kind of concentrated cosmic energy who create their own reality.
Humans are a Lamarckian wild card in the epic of evolution.
Humans are a lower life form, unable to comprehend, feel, and think.
Humans are a major factor in fire ecology.
Humans are a major predator of sea turtles at all life stages.
Humans are a meaning-creating species, and accounts of the past are central.
Humans are a new type of animal.
Humans are a paratenic host.
Humans are a part of and a creation of nature.
Humans are a part of nature, yet apart of nature in the sense of studying it as an object.
Humans are a part of nature.
Humans are a part of the environment and rely upon it.
Humans are a plague on earth, says one writer.
Humans are a presence in nature just as all other species of plants and animals are.
Humans are a race of compassionate predators.
Humans are a reflexive species.
Humans are a remarkably homogeneous species.
Humans are a risk-taking species.
Humans are a sinful breed.
Humans are a social species.
Humans are a species of the animal genus.
Humans are a species.
Humans are a strange lot.
Humans are a time-binding species, existing in an eternal now.
Humans are a very clever species.
Humans are a very different lot.
Humans are a very interesting species indeed.
Humans are a virus.
Humans are a vital part of the world and local communities that are part of the ecosystems.
Humans are a young species, in geological terms.
Humans are able to adapt and learn.
Humans are able to communicate on levels deeper than the verbal.
Humans are able to correct conclude about a deep in a sight easy and quickly.
Humans are able to express themselves as well.
Humans are able to make and use complex tools to help control their environment.
Humans are able to organize and structure space in various ways to simplify spatial reasoning.
Humans are able to perform such seemingly basic tasks as running, sitting or standing automatically.
Humans are able to propagate plants by artificial propagation.
Humans are able to separate objects according to visual cues and canines are able through scents.
Humans are able to take into account exceptions, context, and interpretations as they think.
Humans are about as much smaller than the universe as they are bigger than the smallest things.
Humans are accidental host.
Humans are accidental hosts .
Humans are accidental hosts of the cercariae.
Humans are accidental hosts who become infected by ingesting infective eggs in contaminated soil.
Humans are accidental hosts.
Humans are accustomed to process information which contains noise and errors.
Humans are actually very resilient.
Humans are adaptive.
Humans are adept at learning and adapting when carrying out tasks.
Humans are all different.
Humans are all familiar with the sweet taste of sugar, and enjoy it in a variety of foods.
Humans are all the same.
Humans are all too good at being irrational and defending superstition.
Humans are allergic to bus exhaust.
Humans are almost as ideally designed to maximize it.
Humans are almost unique in using language and are almost unique in having a handedness bias.
Humans are along with all other primates in having sacculated colons.
Humans are also a major cause of young and adult snake mortality.
Humans are also a moral animal.
Humans are also a threat as they often kill any snake on sight.
Humans are also a threat to swans because they are harming their habitats.
Humans are also a threat to the cottonmouth.
Humans are also able to draw upon a wealth of experience of previous similar situations.
Humans are also an important predator in the intertidal zone.
Humans are also anthropoids.
Humans are also at risk for exposure if they are curious and pick up the sick creature.
Humans are also biotic factors in ecosystems.
Humans are also deuterostomes.
Humans are also highly cooperative individuals, often helping one another at their own expense.
Humans are also highly inconsistent creatures.
Humans are also placental mammals.
Humans are also predators of the Moon Jellyfish.
Humans are also predators to nine-banded armadillos.
Humans are also primates.
Humans are also responsible for the formation of sinkholes.
Humans are also seed dispersers.
Humans are also social creatures.
Humans are also species beings.
Humans are also the only species that allows animals to suffer intentionally and needlessly.
Humans are also the only species with completely white sclera's.
Humans are also top predators in the North Atlantic ecosystem.
Humans are also top-level consumers in the marine food web.
Humans are also tremendous feats of engineering and design.
Humans are also vulnerable.
Humans are altogether too complacent about the fragility of their world.
Humans are always cripples.
Humans are always horrified to see how many mites there are in a speck of dust.
Humans are always in motion.
Humans are always in the loop more or less directly.
Humans are always more important.
Humans are always on a path.
Humans are amazing.
Humans are amazingly adaptable and can live with and in horrible conditions.
Humans are amazingly successful and prolific.
Humans are ambitious monkeys who like to fool with things.
Humans are among the many species whose food chain begins with plants.
Humans are amongst the more numerous inhabitants of the Realm, but are also the shortest-lived.
Humans are an accidental host.
Humans are an adaptive species, enhanced by and with the living forces of immense diversity.
Humans are an autonomous moral and spiritual subject with intellectual curiosities and longings.
Humans are an economic species.
Humans are an egotistic creation.
Humans are an essential element to consider.
Humans are an important part of testing new ideas, new products, and new techniques.
Humans are an indigenous tropical animal, much like most other apes.
Humans are an integral part of the ecology of the planet.
Humans are an oddity rather than a meal.
Humans are an over rated species.
Humans are analog creatures, after all.
Humans are animals but what does it mean to be human.
Humans are animals subject to the same natural laws as other animals.
Humans are animals too.
Humans are animals, and follow established, universal, natural laws.
Humans are animals, and like all species, are totally dependent on natural resources for survival.
Humans are animals, more specifically mammals, and even more specifically primates.
Humans are animals, too, with their own pre-programmed instincts.
Humans are animals, vertebrates, mammals, primates.
Humans are animals.
Humans are animals.
Humans are another predator.
Humans are another species .
Humans are another species of animal that affect dolphins greatly.
Humans are another species.
Humans are anti-gorgeous.
Humans are apes.
Humans are apparently fraught with unnecessary remnants.
Humans are arrogant and torture our fellow earthlings for the satisfaction of their own ego.
Humans are artists.
Humans are as much a part of the landscape as the trees.
Humans are as much biological creatures as aphids or elephants.
Humans are at a difficult crossroad.
Humans are at least in part a social species.
Humans are at risk, particularly when mosquito populations increase.
Humans are at the center of history and science, because history and science are human products.
Humans are at the top of the food chain.
Humans are at the verge of a major evolutionary change.
Humans are at their most moral when the ethic of engagement is linked with the ethic of imagination.
Humans are average overall.
Humans are aware beings.
Humans are aware of both living and dying.
Humans are aware that the DNA on Earth is all composed of four simple building blocks.
Humans are aware that water can appear to be a solid, when ice, or on the move, when a liquid.
Humans are back to wearing fur, and braids are still a popular coiffure.
Humans are balds.
Humans are barely a blip on most poisonous snakes' radar screens.
Humans are basically good.
Humans are basically helpless, without a lot of help from our gear .
Humans are basically naked apes.
Humans are basically religious by nature.
Humans are basically very selfish creatures.
Humans are being.
Humans are believers.
Humans are better able to avoid filtering out good sites.
Humans are between the two worlds.
Humans are bilateral symmetric.
Humans are biological machines having instincts, emotions, and intelligence.
Humans are bipedal , which means they walk on two legs .
Humans are bipedal hominoids.
Humans are bipedal, which means they walk on two legs.
Humans are bipeds who stand between five to six feet in height when fully grown.
Humans are black.
Humans are born as babies.
Humans are born very prematurely, that is, very early on in the embryological process.
Humans are born with small brain mass, so are elephants.
Humans are both earthly and divine.
Humans are both emotional and rational, but ultimately the emotions are more important.
Humans are both friends and enemies of mustangs.
Humans are both intensely spiritual and intensely physical.
Humans are both mythmakers and scientists.
Humans are both relaxed and invigorated by mesmerizing music.
Humans are both solitary and social.
Humans are both the finite and fallen.
Humans are built to respond differently to different characteristics.
Humans are busy Most people have a task in mind when they approach a web site.
Humans are by far the greatest threat to baobabs.
Humans are by far the largest threat to wild African grey populations.
Humans are by far the most effective predators.
Humans are by far the most important predators that lobsters face.
Humans are by nature acquisitive creatures.
Humans are by nature fallable and are driven by things other then pure logic.
Humans are by nature good.
Humans are by nature highly adaptable.
Humans are by nature religious, even atheists are religious.
Humans are by nature reluctant to submit themselves to a higher authority.
Humans are by nature social beings, forming groups out of shared interests and needs.
Humans are by nature, innovative beasts.
Humans are by their very nature careless with trash.
Humans are capable both of angelic deeds and barbaric acts.
Humans are capable of acts.
Humans are capable of attacks.
Humans are capable of bends.
Humans are capable of can food.
Humans are capable of caring about more than one issue at a time.
Humans are capable of changing the balance of nature.
Humans are capable of coding.
Humans are capable of combining rational thought with emotional response.
Humans are capable of creating sounds in many ways.
Humans are capable of creative, reflective and developmentive thought.
Humans are capable of cries.
Humans are capable of criminals.
Humans are capable of dances.
Humans are capable of dies.
Humans are capable of draws.
Humans are capable of dreams.
Humans are capable of farm lands.
Humans are capable of heals.
Humans are capable of knowing local truths with a modicum of absoluteness based on presumed context.
Humans are capable of laughs.
Humans are capable of lies.
Humans are capable of limited mental reception of thoughts.
Humans are capable of making something of their misery and mortality.
Humans are capable of plans.
Humans are capable of play games.
Humans are capable of properly merging with the ship if they are properly trained.
Humans are capable of punch.
Humans are capable of reaching great heights as well as great depths.
Humans are capable of reason.
Humans are capable of row boats.
Humans are capable of runs.
Humans are capable of screams.
Humans are capable of shares.
Humans are capable of sleep.
Humans are capable of smiles.
Humans are capable of stands.
Humans are capable of talk.
Humans are capable of thinks.
Humans are capable of torture.
Humans are capable of use computers.
Humans are capable of wishs.
Humans are capable of wonder.
Humans are capable of writes.
Humans are certainly animals, but they are very specialized animals.
Humans are certainly no newcomers in the Congo River Basin.
Humans are cheap, wily, dedicated to survival, and very adaptable.
Humans are chief predator of large adults.
Humans are clearly prone to believing in magical beings of all sorts.
Humans are clever and a thousand years is a long time.
Humans are clusters of bacteria.
Humans are cognitively wasteful, using up more mental energy than necessary.
Humans are cold-blooded.
Humans are color craving variety hounds.
Humans are comfortable being mediocre.
Humans are commonly a component of ecosystem studies.
Humans are communal beings.
Humans are compassionate beings.
Humans are competitive.
Humans are competitively excluding many species currently on the endangered species list.
Humans are completely dependent on plants.
Humans are complex beings.
Humans are complex organic machines that die completely with no survival of soul or psyche.
Humans are complex organisms.
Humans are complex, dynamic, and constantly changing beings.
Humans are complex, making medicine complex.
Humans are complex.
Humans are complicated creatures.
Humans are complicated.
Humans are cons.
Humans are conscious and self-conscious.
Humans are conscious.
Humans are considered third order consumers along with animals such as lions, bears, sharks, etc.
Humans are consistently inconsistent.
Humans are consumers in food webs.
Humans are cooks, butlers, janitors, plumbers and menial workers.
Humans are created by parents.
Humans are created unequal and have unequal academic potential in life.
Humans are created unequal and therefore have unequal potential in life.
Humans are creators.
Humans are creatures of a day, bringing fire, creating and destroying rapidly.
Humans are creatures of desire.
Humans are creatures of habit and it is always challenging to move out of our comfort zone.
Humans are creatures of habit and thus tend to continue to do things in the same ways.
Humans are creatures of habit and usually eat the same foods over and over.
Humans are creatures of habit.
Humans are creatures that require breathing for living.
Humans are creatures who get stressed and having an outlet for that can really be a benefit.
Humans are critical to the maintenance of measles virus transmission.
Humans are curious beings.
Humans are curious by nature, and our way of advancing is to be interested in our environment.
Humans are curious creatures.
Humans are curious to determine if there is life, water, or some remnant of our past there.
Humans are curious.
Humans are dead-end hosts.
Humans are deadly predators and strike fear in animals.
Humans are definitive hosts.
Humans are delicate, energetic, vibrational creatures.
Humans are dependent on and affect their environments in helpful and harmful ways.
Humans are dependent on the Earth just like all other living organisms.
Humans are dependent upon oceans and their natural resources.
Humans are dependent upon the primary productivity of other species.
Humans are dependent upon their diets for their intake of Leucine.
Humans are descended from ancestors.
Humans are descended from primate ancestors.
Humans are different from all other animals.
Humans are different from animals.
Humans are different from other animals.
Humans are different from the other members of the animal kingdom for many reasons.
Humans are different in size, colour, race, culture, etc but that occurs from the same gene pool.
Humans are different.
Humans are diploid organisms .
Humans are diploid organisms.
Humans are diploid.
Humans are diplontic.
Humans are discontent and fight each other.
Humans are distinct from all other organisms because of the system of language.
Humans are diverse, and individual sexual feelings and behavior change over time.
Humans are diverse, and individual, sexual feelings and behavior can change over time. . . .
Humans are diverse.
Humans are durable by nature and have survived in certain isolated, sheltered enclaves.
Humans are easy accessible through - air, food, water, pets, etc .
Humans are easy prey.
Humans are endothermic, maintain stable internal temperature.
Humans are endothermic.
Humans are endotherms because they produce internal heat.
Humans are endowed with an abundance of genetically propagated vital instincts.
Humans are entertained when the parrots imitate their masters words.
Humans are equal but just have different environments.
Humans are equipped with sophisticated machinery for producing and hearing speech.
Humans are especially at risk when the mosquito population becomes large.
Humans are especially fortunate because they have developed many ways to use their gift.
Humans are essentially a dead end for the parasites.
Humans are essentially rational beings.
Humans are essentially social beings.
Humans are essentially storytellers.
Humans are eukaryotes.
Humans are even more closely related to bonobos.
Humans are everywhere, and they take choice habitat.
Humans are evil.
Humans are examples of omnivores.
Humans are examples.
Humans are exceedingly clever, terrifically smart, but overall lacking in wisdom.
Humans are explorers.
Humans are exposed mainly through food and water, but arsenic can also be inhaled .
Humans are extraordinarily fixed and limited animals whose nature is absolutely constant.
Humans are extremely clever animals.
Humans are extremely curious creatures.
Humans are extremely ill-equipped to make judgements about subtle effects.
Humans are extremely inventive to avoid looking at their manipulative strategies.
Humans are extremely sensitive to language, dialect, jargon, and slang.
Humans are fallible beings, and even the best system of human justice is susceptible to failure.
Humans are fallible, and even the best-intentioned advice can still be bad advice.
Humans are fallible, weak, and prone to error.
Humans are fallible.
Humans are far more susceptible to chemical injury than rats.
Humans are far too big, even for the most ambitious spider.
Humans are fickle creatures.
Humans are fifteen percent globally.
Humans are first and foremost animals, living organisms.
Humans are first and foremost visual creatures.
Humans are flawed, but that is what writing is for - another person to read it.
Humans are flesh as well as spirit and soul.
Humans are flesh.
Humans are flexible.
Humans are for the most part social creatures.
Humans are forward foragers with a bilateral circular brain.
Humans are free moral agents.
Humans are free to choose their destiny and therefore free to choose a course of study.
Humans are free to do good and bad.
Humans are free while other domestic animals are physically constrained.
Humans are fruigivores, animals specialised for fruit eating.
Humans are full of hubris.
Humans are fundamentally good, but evil spirits do exist.
Humans are funnies.
Humans are funny creatures.
Humans are funny like that.
Humans are funny people.
Humans are funny.
Humans are generally immune to ear mites.
Humans are generally in a state of transition.
Humans are generally so uncomfortable with someone else's pain.
Humans are genetically more closely related to chimps than chimps are to orangs.
Humans are geomorphic agents.
Humans are gigantic, powerfully built, handsome, honest, youthful, vigorous, erudite and virtuous.
Humans are good at interacting mechanically with objects in their environment.
Humans are good at solving problems, discovering science and using it in technology.
Humans are good at technology, but biology is a much sloppier system than technology.
Humans are good enough in our minds to perform a wide variety of tasks.
Humans are good.
Humans are great thinkers, but often very poor at storing nonsensical data.
Humans are great.
Humans are greedy for life-extension.
Humans are gregarious and like being around each other.
Humans are gregarious creatures.
Humans are grey and lifeless beings, robbed of their creativity and individuality.
Humans are happy to accomodate.
Humans are hard to test because of their diverse capabilities and levels of learning.
Humans are hard-wired to discover the self by caring about others.
Humans are heavily dependent on plants for oxygen, food, clothing, medicine, and shelter.
Humans are here by the luck of the draw. . . .
Humans are here with all of their thoughts, joys and desires.
Humans are heterotrophic eukaryotes.
Humans are heterotrophs.
Humans are higher animals.
Humans are higher than angels, jinn, plants or animals because of only one thing.
Humans are highly adaptive creatures.
Humans are highly complex, and nowhere more so than in their intentions.
Humans are highly similar to each other genetically.
Humans are highly social animals.
Humans are highly social beings and tend to live in large complex social groups.
Humans are homeotherms, except under some pathological conditions.
Humans are hominins .
Humans are 'hopeful beings'.
Humans are human because they are conscious of living within a community.
Humans are humans, Ever full of confusion.
Humans are hunters.
Humans are hypocrites.
Humans are immensely valuable and all are equal, regardless of the ideas they hold.
Humans are imperfect at best.
Humans are imperfect information processors.
Humans are imperfect.
Humans are impressive, but marine animals are astounding.
Humans are in a constant search for something.
Humans are in a constant state of codependencey.
Humans are in a group of animals called vertebrates.
Humans are in a state of constant transition and evolution.
Humans are in contact with nature at a fundamental level.
Humans are in peril everywhere.
Humans are in the fast start-up phase at the moment.
Humans are in the nature, and the nature is in humans.
Humans are in the way.
Humans are incapable of perfect judgment.
Humans are incidental hosts and are usually infected by the bite of rodent fleas.
Humans are incidental or dead end hosts for the microorganism.
Humans are incidental to the transmission cycle.
Humans are incredibly diverse, yet public schools aim to educate every child the same way.
Humans are incredibly inefficient when it comes to reproduction.
Humans are incredibly resourceful, creative and intelligent beings.
Humans are incredibly slow, inaccurate and brilliant .
Humans are indeed a single species.
Humans are indeed master killers.
Humans are indisputably a part of nature.
Humans are individual souls.
Humans are inescapably philosophical beings.
Humans are infected by salmonella bacteria when then ingest food and water contaminated with feces.
Humans are infected when they ingest cysts via food or water contaminated with fecal material.
Humans are infinitely adjustable.
Humans are infinitely more fortunate than groundhogs when it comes to meeting 'compatible others'.
Humans are ingenious and inventive.
Humans are ingenuous and inventive.
Humans are inherently curious creatures.
Humans are inherently evil.
Humans are inherently fallible.
Humans are innately aggressive.
Humans are innately curious and seek out complexity and novelty.
Humans are innocent victims caught in the cosmic struggle.
Humans are inquisitive and inventive, yet lazy and ignorant.
Humans are instinctively imitative, especially in the developmental stages.
Humans are integral to the biologically diverse landscapes designed.
Humans are intelligent creatures who learn quickly.
Humans are interesting creatures.
Humans are intrinsically resistant to penicillins.
Humans are intrinsically resistant to sulfonamides.
Humans are intuitively aware of a reality beyond sensory phenomena.
Humans are irrational beings.
Humans are irrelevant to an effects extravaganza.
Humans are just a small part of what makes up our race.
Humans are just another species.
Humans are just bags of water.
Humans are just evolved animals.
Humans are just full of beans.
Humans are just instinctively terrified of change.
Humans are just more evolved animals.
Humans are just one animal among many.
Humans are just one greedy, ignorant species.
Humans are just plain interesting.
Humans are just that.
Humans are just the opposite.
Humans are just too hostile and quick to judge someone different.
Humans are kinds.
Humans are known for sporting big brains.
Humans are known to have migrated extensively throughout history and prehistory .
Humans are known to have migrated extensively throughout history and prehistory.
Humans are language users.
Humans are largely rational beings driven by conscious needs.
Humans are largely to blame for the population drop.
Humans are larger and live longer than rats.
Humans are lazy creatures who live life in order to simply survive.
Humans are lazy.
Humans are less civilized by far.
Humans are like animals in their mortality.
Humans are like mayflies, they live for one day and imagine they are immortal.
Humans are like other animals in just about every significant physical attribute.
Humans are like other living organisms in many ways.
Humans are like tea bags.
Humans are likely to be convenient fairly often.
Humans are likely to have neural stem cells in a similar location.
Humans are living animals.
Humans are located in aircrafts.
Humans are located in airplanes.
Humans are located in airports.
Humans are located in apartment buildings.
Humans are located in apartments.
Humans are located in automobiles.
Humans are located in bakeries.
Humans are located in bands.
Humans are located in banks.
Humans are located in bars.
Humans are located in basements.
Humans are located in bathrooms.
Humans are located in baths.
Humans are located in battles.
Humans are located in beds.
Humans are located in boats.
Humans are located in buses.
Humans are located in cafes.
Humans are located in canoes.
Humans are located in chairs.
Humans are located in charge.
Humans are located in chinas.
Humans are located in churchs.
Humans are located in circles.
Humans are located in circus.
Humans are located in civilisation.
Humans are located in climates.
Humans are located in clothing stores.
Humans are located in coffins.
Humans are located in commands.
Humans are located in communities.
Humans are located in companies.
Humans are located in conflict.
Humans are located in cornfields.
Humans are located in counties.
Humans are located in countries.
Humans are located in deep thoughts.
Humans are located in department stores.
Humans are located in distress.
Humans are located in doctors.
Humans are located in downtowns.
Humans are located in elevators.
Humans are located in emotional distress.
Humans are located in factories.
Humans are located in families.
Humans are located in farms.
Humans are located in funerals.
Humans are located in graves.
Humans are located in graveyards.
Humans are located in greek tragedies.
Humans are located in groups.
Humans are located in gyms.
Humans are located in healthy relationships.
Humans are located in hearts.
Humans are located in homes.
Humans are located in hotels.
Humans are located in humanity.
Humans are located in internet cafes.
Humans are located in jails.
Humans are located in jeeps.
Humans are located in libraries.
Humans are located in lies.
Humans are located in living rooms.
Humans are located in love.
Humans are located in mines.
Humans are located in mortuaries.
Humans are located in motels.
Humans are located in motion.
Humans are located in movies.
Humans are located in new jerseys.
Humans are located in office buildings.
Humans are located in outer space.
Humans are located in pain.
Humans are located in parks.
Humans are located in performance.
Humans are located in phone booths.
Humans are located in planes.
Humans are located in pools.
Humans are located in populations.
Humans are located in prisons.
Humans are located in restrooms.
Humans are located in rooms.
Humans are located in saunas.
Humans are located in schools.
Humans are located in shopping malls.
Humans are located in shops.
Humans are located in shows.
Humans are located in societies.
Humans are located in solar systems.
Humans are located in space shuttles.
Humans are located in space stations.
Humans are located in spacecrafts.
Humans are located in spas.
Humans are located in stadiums.
Humans are located in states.
Humans are located in strip clubs.
Humans are located in submarines.
Humans are located in subways.
Humans are located in suits.
Humans are located in swimming pools.
Humans are located in theaters.
Humans are located in theatres.
Humans are located in thoughts.
Humans are located in train wrecks.
Humans are located in trains.
Humans are located in turmoil.
Humans are located in universes.
Humans are located in universities.
Humans are located in urban areas.
Humans are located in villages.
Humans are located in war.
Humans are located in weddings.
Humans are located in wet suits.
Humans are located in workplaces.
Humans are located in zoos.
Humans are machines so complicated that they no longer are mere machines.
Humans are made of bones.
Humans are made of cells.
Humans are made of flesh.
Humans are made of millions of cells.
Humans are magnificent at arriving at appropriate conclusions and behavior most of the time.
Humans are major agents of biological weathering, as are plants and animals.
Humans are majorly social, and they also have something in common with manatees.
Humans are males.
Humans are mammalian animals.
Humans are mammals , and have developed by a process of evolution .
Humans are mammals, and have developed by a process of evolution.
Humans are mammals, so our young are dependent on their parents for survival.
Humans are mammals.
Humans are mayflies compared to the stars.
Humans are meaning-making machines.
Humans are means.
Humans are meat.
Humans are medically animals, too.
Humans are members of the class Mammalia .
Humans are merely another, less effective predator.
Humans are mesophiles.
Humans are messy and our passions are even messier.
Humans are middle ground with no attribute being above or below average.
Humans are mighty spiritual beings.
Humans are misanthropes, they love to hate the different, the other.
Humans are models of perfection.
Humans are moral people who make moral distinctions and there is guilt that they feel.
Humans are morally responsible for the evil they allow to enter their lives.
Humans are more and more motivated by their concern for the general welfare.
Humans are more closely related to chimps than chimps are to orangutans.
Humans are more closely related to flying squirrels than flying squirrels are to sugar gliders.
Humans are more closely related to nonhuman primates than they are to any other group of animals.
Humans are more complex than our modern obsession with breaking everything into fixed parts.
Humans are more complex than pets.
Humans are more complex than worms.
Humans are more complicated, making scientific certainty more difficult.
Humans are more complicated.
Humans are more important than animals.
Humans are more intelligent than beasts because the human branes have more convulsions.
Humans are more pliable than their ideas.
Humans are more recent than most other life forms.
Humans are more sensitive to changes in brightness than changes in color.
Humans are more skilled than computers at pattern recognition, whether visual or aural.
Humans are mortal creatures, and only have so much energy to give to other people.
Humans are mortal.
Humans are most familiar with visible light since oureyes are tuned to the visible spectrum.
Humans are most likely to be bitten if they step on or try to pick up an adder.
Humans are most likely to come into contact with centipedes in the garden.
Humans are most sensitive to midrange frequencies.
Humans are most susceptible to toxic exposures before they are even born.
Humans are most vulnerable when they're engaged in excretion.
Humans are mostly monogamous, but mildly polygynous.
Humans are motivated to form and maintain interpersonal relationships.
Humans are much better at learning from each other than any other animal.
Humans are much better prepared to deal with individual deaths than with the demise of corporations.
Humans are much easier to train, than, for example, their stupid dogs.
Humans are much easier to train, then, for example, their stupid dogs.
Humans are much less efficient at such routine tasks and more apt to make careless errors.
Humans are much less likely to get bitten than many people believe.
Humans are much less trustworthy than computers.
Humans are much like gigantic chickens when facing a positive response to their exploration.
Humans are much more unpredictable than animals, especially when they are engaged in tribal warfare.
Humans are multicellular .
Humans are multi-cellular.
Humans are mysteries.
Humans are naked animals.
Humans are naturally curious.
Humans are naturally resistant to change.
Humans are naturally sociable, but are selective about who they wish to associate with.
Humans are nature, and then there is the obvious nature.
Humans are nearly blind to most wavelengths of light.
Humans are nearly extinct.
Humans are neither strong or fast but have come to dominate the Earth.
Humans are neurotic apes.
Humans are neutral and get nothing extra or taken away.
Humans are never better.
Humans are never satisfied.
Humans are never too old to learn.
Humans are never without technology.
Humans are nitrogen-based life forms.
Humans are no different from any other lifeform.
Humans are no different in behavior than lions or zebras or kangaroos.
Humans are no different today than yesterday.
Humans are no different.
Humans are NO different.
Humans are no exception .
Humans are no exception, it seems.
Humans are no exception.
Humans are no longer responsible for their actions.
Humans are no longer subject to Earth s checks and balances, but the Earth isn t getting any bigger.
Humans are no longer the dominate species.
Humans are no more exempt than other species from global warming impacts.
Humans are no more masters of their machines than they are of the Earth.
Humans are normally only the target when the llama is frightened or has been mistreated.
Humans are notable in that by the nature of their very actions are altering their evolutionary fate.
Humans are notorious for continuing on, even into the face of certain destruction.
Humans are notorious pattern-seeking post hoc reasoners.
Humans are notoriously bad at arithmetic.
Humans are now at the top of the food chain, but for how long.
Humans are now on the verge of ruining themselves.
Humans are now purposefully and accidentally pouring vast quantities of nitrogen into the biosphere.
Humans are now the physically largest mammal on the planet.
Humans are number one, but there are so many others.
Humans are obviously passionate and violent.
Humans are of a different order and rank than animals.
Humans are of a higher order than beavers.
Humans are often illogical.
Humans are often more sensitive for olfaction and less sensitive for appearance factors.
Humans are Omnivore.
Humans are omnivores - able to digest both plants and animals.
Humans are omnivores , because they eat meat as well as vegetable matter .
Humans are omnivores , because they eat meat as well as vegetable matter.
Humans Are Omnivores .
Humans are omnivores too.
Humans are omnivores, because they eat meat as well as vegetable matter.
Humans are omnivores, consuming both producers and other consumers.
Humans are omnivores, meaning they eat both plants and meat.
Humans are omnivores, with the ability to eat nearly everything.
Humans are omnivores.
Humans are omnivores.
Humans are omnivorous , capable of consuming a wide variety of plant and animal material.
Humans are omnivorous , capable of consuming plant, animal, and inorganic material.
Humans are Omnivorous consumers.
Humans are on the flexible end of the spectrum.
Humans are one link in the constant evolving environmental chain.
Humans are one of a large group of animals which are termed homeothermic or endothermic .
Humans are one of the biggest threats to their existence.
Humans are one of the few species that have such a choice.
Humans are one of the few species who allow their weak members to reproduce.
Humans are one of the main predators of Binturongs.
Humans are one of the major sources of beaver mortality through trapping and automobile collisions.
Humans are only a recent arrival to the earth, having been around for just a few million years.
Humans are only animals.
Humans are only atom parts of an atom whole.
Humans are only one of a very few who are tool users.
Humans are only one of the millions of species on the planet.
Humans are only one part of the evolutionary product.
Humans are only reservoir.
Humans are only there on sufference.
Humans are open systems who interact, interrelate, and are interdependent with the environment.
Humans are open systems, continuously acting on and being acted on by the environment.
Humans are opportunistic and when they are deprived of what they like they react with anger.
Humans are our own worst enemy.
Humans are out, computers are in.
Humans are panicky animals.
Humans are parasites, and parasitism is an integral part of nature.
Humans are part and parcel of nature.
Humans are part of a complex food web.
Humans are part of and depend on the earth's ecosystems.
Humans are part of ecology.
Humans are part of every watershed.
Humans are part of human societies.
Humans are part of natural worlds.
Humans are part of nature.
Humans are part of nature.
Humans are part of the animal kingdom .
Humans are part of the animal kingdom.
Humans are part of the biosphere and are dependent upon it.
Humans are part of the Earth's ecosystem.
Humans are part of the ecosystem.
Humans are part of the environment and our well-being depends on having a healthy environment.
Humans are part of the food web.
Humans are part of the natural water cycle.
Humans are part of the savanna community and often compete with other organisms for food and space.
Humans are particularly sensitive to particulate matter.
Humans are parts of food chains and food webs, too.
Humans are pattern seekers.
Humans are pattern-seeking animals.
Humans are people.
Humans are perfect examples of unitary organisms .
Humans are perfect objectively rational agents.
Humans are physiologically unsuited to utilizing meat as food.
Humans are pill happy.
Humans are placental mammals.
Humans are placentals.
Humans are plantigrade bipeds.
Humans are pleasure oriented.
Humans are pleasure-seeking animals.
Humans are police officers.
Humans are powerful and computers are powerful, and together, they are are extremely powerful.
Humans are predators and carnivores.
Humans are predators.
Humans are present only as audience or operators .
Humans are present only as audience or operators.
Humans are pretty bad.
Humans are pretty basic machines.
Humans are pretty good at coping, if they have half a chance.
Humans are pretty tough.
Humans are primarily a diurnal species and are active by daylight and rest during the night.
Humans are primates .
Humans are primates too.
Humans are primates, as are lemurs, apes, and monkeys.
Humans are primates.
Humans are primates.
Humans are prisoners of time, but the gods are outside time.
Humans are probably the kudu s main enemy.
Humans are problem solving machines.
Humans are prone to ethical and character flaws.
Humans are prone to feel unworthy, even in the eyes of animals they control.
Humans are prone to oppose anything that lessens their greatness, superiority, power, or importance.
Humans are prone to that kind of mistake.
Humans are quite aware of their environment and tend to behave as though they are responding to it.
Humans are quite basic.
Humans are rational animals.
Humans are rational creatures.
Humans are ravenous and jealous creatures when it comes to food.
Humans are related to bacteria in that they are both a part of the Earth.
Humans are relatively fast studies, after all.
Humans are relatively free to abuse themselves once they sign a release.
Humans are relatively new to the universe.
Humans are relatively recent arrivals on Earth.
Humans are relatively resistant to clinical disease.
Humans are remarkable in their ability to recognize patterns by 'just looking at it'.
Humans are remarkably adaptable.
Humans are remarkably good at language learning.
Humans are remarkably infertile compared with any other animal.
Humans are reservoirs, but cases of food borne shigellosis have been documented.
Humans are resilient creatures.
Humans are resilient, by design.
Humans are responsible for other greenhouse gases as well.
Humans are responsible for the current mass extinction.
Humans are responsible for the evil that they do, regardless of why they do it.
Humans are responsible for the goose problem.
Humans are responsible for the near extinction of the wolves.
Humans are rich in emotions and their actions are sometimes guided by their emotions.
Humans are right in the middle.
Humans are risk takers by nature.
Humans are scary to piggies, while other piggies are protection.
Humans are seen as essentially feral and belligerent.
Humans are selfish and distrustful animals.
Humans are selfish.
Humans are sensitive to a range of wavelengths.
Humans are sensitive to carbon tetrachloride intoxication by oral, inhalation and dermal routes.
Humans are sensory beings.
Humans are sexual creatures.
Humans are shitter than pigeons.
Humans are similar to other organisms.
Humans are similar.
Humans are simply an element in a production flow chart.
Humans are simply pawns in Satan's world plan.
Humans are sinful by nature.
Humans are sinners, true, but the righteous confess their sins, and learn from that.
Humans are skilled at seeing and identifying patterns in nearly random events.
Humans are slightly different.
Humans are slow, inaccurate but brilliant.
Humans are smart.
Humans are smarter than chimpanzees, presently the smartest creatures on Earth.
Humans are so capricious.
Humans are so dumb.
Humans are so easily able to interact.
Humans are so easy to entertain.
Humans are so flexible in comparison.
Humans are so funny.
Humans are so gullible.
Humans are so silly.
Humans are so strange.
Humans are so stupid.
Humans are sociable beings.
Humans are social animals .
Humans are social animals and instinctually want to belong to the larger, dominant group.
Humans are social animals.
Humans are social beings and are dependent on others for physical and emotional dividends.
Humans are social beings and generally happier when accepted by a group.
Humans are social beings who seek interaction.
Humans are social beings, and as such have varying requirements for community.
Humans are social beings.
Humans are social by nature.
Humans are social creatures, and they learn best in a social context.
Humans are social creatures.
Humans are social in nature.
Humans are social products.
Humans are social.
Humans are something.
Humans are sometimes like elephants.
Humans are somewhat different .
Humans are somewhat different from other mammals .
Humans are somewhat different from other mammals.
Humans are somewhat different.
Humans are somewhere in between.
Humans are sooooo dumb.
Humans are sort of a walking semi-conductor.
Humans are soul-centered.
Humans are spiritual by nature.
Humans are still a species, one that is just as dependent on the land as any of the others.
Humans are still humans, no matter what the latest fad is.
Humans are still hunter-gatherers at their core.
Humans are still mortal.
Humans are still too violent, and the ways of statism still too firmly entrenched in society.
Humans are still worthwhile, but as a part of the larger biosphere.
Humans are story tellers.
Humans are story-telling creatures.
Humans are strange that way.
Humans are strange.
Humans are stupid.
Humans are such a funny species.
Humans are such funny creatures, a habit is hard to overcome.
Humans are such strange things.
Humans are suckers for a set of glossy feathers.
Humans are superior to animals.
Humans are superior to nature.
Humans are susceptible to a related enterovirus that causes hand, foot and mouth disease.
Humans are susceptible to a similarly named but unrelated disease.
Humans are susceptible to the disease from mosquito bites.
Humans are susceptible, especially older and immunosuppressed individuals who are at a higher risk.
Humans are symbol manipulators.
Humans are symbol-minded creatures.
Humans are technologically adept and the most adaptable of the races.
Humans are temporal beings whose existence can be measure by time.
Humans are terrestrial.
Humans are territorial animals.
Humans are the adult turtles largest predator.
Humans are the agents of all that is bad in the eco-fascist's world.
Humans are the American alligators main threat to survival.
Humans are the animals with the longest nourishing time.
Humans are the ants at every other species' picnic .
Humans are the balanced race.
Humans are the best model yet.
Humans are the biggest enemies of armadillo lizards.
Humans are the biggest enemies of wombats.
Humans are the biggest threat to the future of many Monkey species.
Humans are the biggest threat to the species.
Humans are the biggest threat to wildlife.
Humans are the biggests competitors with the pandas.
Humans are the cause of much of the pollution.
Humans are the cause of the accelerating warming.
Humans are the cause of war, hatred, death, destruction.
Humans are the central focus of the entire universe.
Humans are the characters in the modern version rather than animals.
Humans are the chimera of a protracted past, an instantaneous present and an uncertain future.
Humans are the coyote's chief enemy.
Humans are the creators, our tools can only help.
Humans are the definitive host.
Humans are the dominant animal on the planet.
Humans are the elephant's major predator.
Humans are the exception.
Humans are the eyes, the ears, the planning of Earth.
Humans are the fattest primate.
Humans are the first animal to have a limited ability to control reproduction, but only limited.
Humans are the future .
Humans are the greatest danger that leatherbacks face.
Humans are the greatest enemies.
Humans are the highest or most pure form of life.
Humans are the imperfect part of the universe.
Humans are the intermediaries through which angels channel their energy on Earth.
Humans are the intruders in the forest.
Humans are the irrational ones.
Humans are the keys to media.
Humans are the largest predators of bottlenose dolphin.
Humans are the latest experiment by the Earth to assist it in colonising other planets.
Humans are the main cause of obesity in dogs.
Humans are the main enemies of owls.
Humans are the main host for T. b., but it is sometimes found in animals.
Humans are the main predator of hippos, which are hunted for their hides, meat and ivory tusks.
Humans are the main predator of the camel population.
Humans are the main predators of adult sharks.
Humans are the main predators of feral swine, as hunting of the species is very popular.
Humans are the main source of friends.
Humans are the main threat to horseshoes now.
Humans are the main threat to the jaguar.
Humans are the major cause of death among both African and Asian elephants.
Humans are the major reservoir-but the exact route and source of infection is unknown.
Humans are the most adaptable species on the planet.
Humans are the most addaptable animals on Earth.
Humans are the most annoying thing in the game.
Humans are the most cantankerous, grouchy critters around.
Humans are the most common and squirrels are seen in every lawn.
Humans are the most common of the races.
Humans are the most common race.
Humans are the most complex of all multicellular organisms.
Humans are the most complex of animals.
Humans are the most daring adventurers and also the most adaptable race that there is.
Humans are the most deadly of all predators.
Humans are the most deadly, uncaring, devious and destructive creatures on the planet.
Humans are the most deeply cultural creatures on the planet.
Humans are the most environmentally diverse species on the planet.
Humans are the most fragile and unreliable part of any modern day fighter aircraft.
Humans are the most frequent predators of larger rainbows.
Humans are the most highly developed species ever to inhabit the planet earth.
Humans are the most intelligent beings in the world.
Humans are the most serious threat to amphibians.
Humans are the most significant predator of lemurs today.
Humans are the most significant predator of lemurs.
Humans are the most successful predator ever.
Humans are the most valuable component of Mars exploration, but perhaps also the most fragile.
Humans are the most varied, with all classes from powerful knights to barbarians.
Humans are the natural endpoint of evolution.
Humans are the natural reservoir of infection.
Humans are the notorious weak link on most systems.
Humans are the ones who domesticated the wild horses.
Humans are the ones who have the biggest problem with forest fires.
Humans are the only animal who drinks milk past the first couple of years of their life.
Humans are the only animals known to create and control fire.
Humans are the only animals that copulate face to face.
Humans are the only animals that cry emotional tears.
Humans are the only animals that cry tears.
Humans are the only animals that get chicken pox.
Humans are the only animals thatcry tears.
Humans are the only animals which wear clothing .
Humans are the only animals which wear clothing.
Humans are the only animals who drink the milk of another species and who drink milk beyond infancy.
Humans are the only animals who smoke, for which they pay a fearsome price.
Humans are the only animals whose skin is laced with such an extensive network of capillaries.
Humans are the only biosystem that uses nonrenewable essential resources.
Humans are the only creatures that can chew gum.
Humans are the only creatures that drink milk from the mother of another species.
Humans are the only creatures That make music, art, and literatures.
Humans are the only creatures who drink milk their entire lives.
Humans are the only danger to healthy orcas.
Humans are the only definitive hosts of T. solium.
Humans are the only demonstrated hosts .
Humans are the only habitually bipedal primates.
Humans are the only host and transmission is via contact.
Humans are the only host for measles.
Humans are the only host.
Humans are the only important reservoir of the infection.
Humans are the only known carriers of gonorrhea.
Humans are the only known host for the cholera vibrio .
Humans are the only known hosts.
Humans are the only known mammals to cry as an emotional reaction .
Humans are the only known mammals to cry as an emotional reaction.
Humans are the only known natural host of the mumps virus.
Humans are the only known natural hosts for enteroviruses.
Humans are the only known natural hosts.
Humans are the only known natural reservoir .
Humans are the only known reservoir for C diphtheriae.
Humans are the only known reservoir for disease.
Humans are the only known reservoir.
Humans are the only known source of infection.
Humans are the only life forms that have a soul, the source of rationality.
Humans are the only living creatures that create things from the imagination.
Humans are the only mammal which is a habitual biped.
Humans are the only mammals that sweat in the heat, are relatively hairless, and are bipedal.
Humans are the only natural host for wild measles virus.
Humans are the only natural host of pinworms.
Humans are the only natural host of the herpes simplex virus.
Humans are the only natural host.
Humans are the only natural reservoir of the virus.
Humans are the only ones who deny it.
Humans are the only other species with true dialects.
Humans are the only predators of Javan rhinos.
Humans are the only predators of lions.
Humans are the only primate species that have undergone significant hair loss.
Humans are the only primates known to use material culture to access food resources.
Humans are the only primates that can swim.
Humans are the only primates that don t have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Humans are the only primates that have a prolonged period of life after reproductive age.
Humans are the only primates which have the ability to hold their breath voluntarily.
Humans are the only primates who have such a layer of fat.
Humans are the only primates who lack a sectorial complex on the premolar.
Humans are the only real threat to adult bobcats.
Humans are the only really serious predators affecting shark survival.
Humans are the only reservoir and transmission is by respiratory droplets.
Humans are the only reservoir for poliovirus.
Humans are the only reservoir for the mumps virus.
Humans are the only reservoirs of infection.
Humans are the only rulers.
Humans are the only source of infection.
Humans are the only species able to improve the quality of their lives.
Humans are the only species living today known to build fires, to cook their food and wear clothes.
Humans are the only species that consumes milk after infancy, especially that of another species.
Humans are the only species that feed their infants milk from other animals.
Humans are the only species that have manufactured tools to solve specific problems.
Humans are the only species that kill each other for no concrete purpose.
Humans are the only species that kill each other.
Humans are the only species that kills for reasons other than food.
Humans are the only species that practice premeditated homicide and full-out war.
Humans are the only species that think of failure.
Humans are the only species which drink the milk of other species.
Humans are the only species without full employment, and the problem is rapidly growing.
Humans are the only surviving primate species who practise persistence hunting.
Humans are the orangutan's greatest enemy.
Humans are the part of nature that can think.
Humans are the predominant cause of coyote deaths in the prairie pothole region.
Humans are the primary consumers of pineapples.
Humans are the primary host.
Humans are the primary predator of adult wild hogs.
Humans are the primary predators of adult elk.
Humans are the primary predators of Bints.
Humans are the primary predators on markhor.
Humans are the primary reservoir.
Humans are the principal drivers of urban ecosystem processes and function.
Humans are the principal reservoir of the virus.
Humans are the principal vector of invasive species.
Humans are the problem.
Humans are the product of evolution and information passed on by our genes.
Humans are the product of history, society, and culture.
Humans are the real danger to society.
Humans are the real mystery.
Humans are the reasons they are diseased.
Humans are the reflecting consciousness of our ecosystem.
Humans are the reservoir of rhinoviruses.
Humans are the same too.
Humans are the same way.
Humans are the same, it's the paper that has changed.
Humans are the same.
Humans are the single biggest enemy of wildlife.
Humans are the Slaves.
Humans are the sole host for the enteroviruses.
Humans are the sum of all of nature's efforts to date.
Humans are the third party.
Humans are the unfortunate hosts of the deadly parasite.
Humans are the usually the dirtiest objects in a clean room.
Humans are the vermin, the rats in the barn to be eliminated.
Humans are the visitors.
Humans are the worst.
Humans are their biggest threat.
Humans are their only major predator.
Humans are their own creators and are responsible for themselves.
Humans are their principal predator.
Humans are then quite like fetal apes.
Humans are thought to be one of the most dramatic ecosystem engineers.
Humans are tinkerers.
Humans are tiny beings operating a huge, oversized mechanical world out there.
Humans are tiresome, exhausting, with low information content, unpredictable.
Humans are to blame for human encroachment.
Humans are to blame for the significant drop in the number of blue sharks out there.
Humans are too frail and limited to know the difference.
Humans are too mammals that give birth to live young, with a placenta.
Humans are too stupid for anarchy.
Humans are too varied to label.
Humans are totally interdependent.
Humans are totally reliant on botanical organisms for survival.
Humans are totally unaware of what real honesty is.
Humans are touchy about their dead.
Humans are tougher, stronger and willing to fight for what they believe in.
Humans are traditionally speciesists.
Humans are transient.
Humans are trichromats, sensitive to three fundamental wavelengths of visible light.
Humans are truly diverse, biologically and culturally.
Humans are two-sided.
Humans are ugly.
Humans are ultimately omnivorous creatures.
Humans are ultimately self-determining.
Humans are unable to see clearly in the dark.
Humans are unable to speak a proper language.
Humans are uncomfortable with change.
Humans are uncomfortable with such intrusion and turtles are no different.
Humans are under no law and are only accountable to themselves.
Humans are undoubtedly more harmful to mollusks than the reverse.
Humans are unified beings.
Humans are unique among all the earth's organisms, in terms of intelligence and adaptability.
Humans are unique among species in the capacity for guilt.
Humans are unique among the earth's organisms in their intelligence and adaptability.
Humans are unique in their level of intelligence.
Humans are unique mammals because they continue to produce lactase throughout life.
Humans are unique, but so are every single species on earth.
Humans are unique.
Humans are uniquely reflective animals.
Humans are unknown and untrusted, etc.
Humans are unsuitable hosts for the swimmers' itch larvae, which die soon after entering the skin.
Humans are upright with eyes on the front of their heads.
Humans are usually accidental hosts.
Humans are usually more at risk during, or shortly after, a plague epizootic.
Humans are valuable resources that produce revenues for companies.
Humans are very adept at determining if a force is real or simulated.
Humans are very aggressive competitors, while gorillas are much more passive.
Humans are very capable of perpetrating unimaginable evil.
Humans are very complex beings and thrive on making things even more complicated.
Humans are very complex beings made up of thousands of different systems.
Humans are very different from animals.
Humans are very different from apes, especially in intelligence and language.
Humans are very different than animals.
Humans are very effective in in causing changes to the ecosystems of the world.
Humans are very egotistical.
Humans are very facially-oriented.
Humans are very flexible in terms of their capabilities.
Humans are very good at being humans.
Humans are very good at finding out how things work through exploration and discovery.
Humans are very good at identifying patterns in their interaction with the world.
Humans are very good at perceiving each other's movements.
Humans are very good at talking themselves into and out of things, writers especially.
Humans are very intelligent creatures.
Humans are very much animals, but with a thumb.
Humans are very much like other animals in some fundamental ways.
Humans are very pragmatic when it comes to language.
Humans are very resistant to infection, especially in industrialized countries.
Humans are very sensitive to change.
Humans are very sensitive to humidity, as the skin relies on the air to get rid of moisture.
Humans are very smart and have developed the brain so they are able to speak.
Humans are very strange.
Humans are VERY trainable.
Humans are very visually oriented creatures.
Humans are very visually oriented.
Humans are very young creatures.
Humans are vicious creatures.
Humans are victims to a different genus.
Humans are video games.
Humans are villains and nature is the victim.
Humans are violent.
Humans are visual animals and conduct the majority of their observations through visual stimuli.
Humans are visual animals and graphics can totally change the character of a page.
Humans are visual beings.
Humans are visual creatures.
Humans are vul becaus environment keeps changing, facing totally novel challenges.
Humans are vulnerable as well.
Humans are vulnerable to influence.
Humans are walkers with legs, allowing for effective movement on land.
Humans are warm-blooded.
Humans are weak.
Humans are well-adapted to starvation, but poorly adapted to over nutrition.
Humans are well-protected against clinical rabies by vaccination.
Humans are whole people with a mind, body and soul.
Humans are willing to trade a change in their risk of death for something else they want.
Humans are wired to live in tribes, with instincts to stay connected.
Humans are worse.
Humans are worth an increasing point value.
Humans are, above all, learning animals.
Humans are, after all, tribal.
Humans are, by nature, lousy telepaths.
Humans are, by nature, nonzero animals.
Humans are, by nature, social beings.
Humans are, despite our sentience, the youngest of siblings to the other life forms on the planet.
Humans are, however, the primary beneficiary of veterinary efforts.
Humans are, in fact, relatively new to the immunodeficiency virus scene.
Humans are, of course, the largest threat they face.
Humans are, of course, the ultimate exotic species.
Humans are, of course, very different from bacteria in many ways.
Humans are, on net balance, builders rather than destroyers.
Humans are, therefore, part of a closed carbon-capture loop.
Humans are, to a large extent, capable of adjusting to the heat.
Humans are, unfortunately, a direct threat to the stag beetle.
Humans aren t the only ones reaping the rewards.
Humans aren t the only ones to experiment with GMOs.
Humans aren t the only ones to hunt blue duikers.
Humans aren t the only ones under the gun.
Humans aren t the only species which have such hierarchies in their society.
Humans arrive on scenes.
Humans artifically fix nitrogen to make fertilizer.
Humans artificially select the traits they want in the population.
Humans assign descriptive terms of picture elements, style, content and subject.
Humans assist in care.
Humans associate a wide array of values with forests.
Humans assume roles.
Humans assume that comets just happen along, and sometimes get caught in a repeating cycle.
Humans assume their guard dogs are the aggressors, when the exact opposite is in force.
Humans attach much significance to a name.
Humans attain a surprisingly large fraction of their physical height while still very young.
Humans attain advance ages.
Humans attain ages.
Humans attend to language sounds from birth.
Humans attract one other for the oddest reasons.
Humans avoid surprise.
Humans barely space mobile.
Humans become accidental hosts in the natural cycle of plague when bitten by infected rodent fleas.
Humans become an everyday event.
Humans become dependent on domesticated plants and animals.
Humans become humans when they are exposed to good literature.
Humans become inanimate objects.
Humans become less special.
Humans become obedient to ideas and ideals.
Humans become religious by joining the religion of the universe.
Humans become servants to machines rather than the other way around.
Humans become snarling animals.
Humans become trapped in living for the material world.
Humans beget humans, so that what is in the womb is a human.
Humans begin building the first shelters.
Humans begin laughing at two to three months of age.
Humans begin to arrive home.
Humans begin to attack social structures imposed by the nation states.
Humans begin to tend plants and animals in order to guarantee themselves a regular diet.
Humans behave differently depending upon the conditions that they live in.
Humans being as musical as they are, that time period also includes a great deal of music.
Humans being what they are, a humble billionaire is almost unknown on earth.
Humans being what they are, no one can be without a god.
Humans believe in two opposites to all matter.
Humans believe that they own, and have a right to dominate, every square inch of the Earth.
Humans belong to the animal kingdom where monogamy is rare.
Humans belong to the kingdom of animals.
Humans belong to the order of primates .
Humans belong to the order of primates.
Humans belong to the phylum Chordata.
Humans belong to the sapiens species.
Humans benefit directly from cottonmouths because snake skin is sometimes used as a kind of leather.
Humans benefit from carnivorans in many ways.
Humans benefit from pelicans by hunting, egging, and trapping.
Humans benefit from raptors' eating habits.
Humans benefit from testing, but it costs the animals their lives.
Humans bitten when they hold their pets.
Humans blow into a special device that measures the force of their exhalation.
Humans born blind are still able to learn.
Humans borrow it for awhile.
Humans bounce back, and bounce back again, and each time the spirit gets a little stronger.
Humans breathe by first taking air into the lungs and then expelling it.
Humans breathe out once every two steps.
Humans breathe out once for every two steps.
Humans breathe the same air and drink the same water.
Humans breathe through our noses and our mouths.
Humans breed cows to be stupid.
Humans bring a great deal of expert and contextual knowledge to bear on image recognition problems.
Humans bring in the only plants at the South Pole itself.
Humans bring noise, and noise pollution affects wildlife as well as humans.
Humans bring pets.
Humans build all sorts of social structures and engage in complex behavior.
Humans build computers.
Humans build fences.
Humans build the same kinds of fences with each other.
Humans bundle up when it is cold outside.
Humans burn coal, oil, gas, forests, and so on.
Humans bury humans because they have to, humans bury pets because they want to.
Humans bury their dead, no animals do.
Humans call it a car.
Humans call it catastrophe.
Humans call it Eden.
Humans call it physics.
Humans call it their behavior.
Humans can absorb organic bromines through the skin, with food and during breathing.
Humans can absorb tin bonds through food and breathing and through the skin.
Humans can acclimatize to life at a significantly higher elevation.
Humans can accomplish anything because they are so creative.
Humans can accurately perceive and understand the physical universe.
Humans can accurately read cloud cover and visibility by simple observation.
Humans can acquire the organism in several different ways through lesions in skin.
Humans can act either according to instinct, or according to principles they impose upon themselves.
Humans can adapt quickly and have a brain to think independently.
Humans can affect the natural world.
Humans can also adapt to different substances in foods.
Humans can also add too much oxygen to the water, which can be toxic to aquatic organisms.
Humans can also adjust the length of the food chain as needed.
Humans can also aid spread by using the fresh or dried flowers in decorative arrangements.
Humans can also be part of a processes that can be described in mechanical terms.
Humans can also become infected if there is contact with animal stools or contaminated water.
Humans can also become infected when they eat insufficiently cooked game meat.
Humans can also become infected with a human blood fluke.
Humans can also become infected with vesicular stomatitis when handling affected animals.
Humans can also become infected.
Humans can also bring about erosion, usually through poor land management.
Humans can also can get flulike symptoms from birds with certain types of respiratory disease.
Humans can also cause a change in a soil's structure.
Humans can also cause erosion usually through poor land management.
Humans can also cause harm to animals, on purpose or by accident.
Humans can also contract the disease.
Humans can also control the environment to compensate for disabilities.
Humans can also discuss the invisible.
Humans can also disperse the insect through various activities including moving infested plants.
Humans can also do good things to fix ecosystems.
Humans can also end the pregnancy on purpose before birth takes place .
Humans can also end the pregnancy on purpose before birth takes place.
Humans can also experience loss of muscle control, loss of memory, and decreased mental ability.
Humans can also get other kinds of ringworm from the environment.
Humans can also get rabies.
Humans can also interrupt the computer, if they so desire.
Humans can also make their own Vitamin D when skin is exposed to sunlight.
Humans can also predict weather changes, with aches and pains.
Humans can also recycle raw materials.
Humans can also use touch to convey messages to the horse.
Humans can alter a habitat's balance.
Humans can alter the land use around a waterway and affect the water temperature.
Humans can alter the landscape in many ways.
Humans can alter their diet themselves by choice.
Humans can and do get by on less than eight hours of sleep.
Humans can and do have legal rights.
Humans can and do mask pain.
Humans can and do track the virus about to different places on their shoes, clothes, trucks, etc.
Humans can and often do behave against natural laws by choice or by ignorance.
Humans can artificially affect the outcome by determining which animals breed with which.
Humans can attempt to overcome bondage to material world thru wisdom, austerity, and kindness.
Humans can be a barbaric species with a great potential for violence.
Humans can be a huge threat to the survival of the walrus.
Humans can be a problem when it comes to Ostrich reproduction.
Humans can be a threat to it.
Humans can be at risk to animals.
Humans can be attractive sexually or socially or both.
Humans can be competitive in nature.
Humans can be either the predator or the prey of cougars.
Humans can be infertile , but animals and plants can too .
Humans can be infertile, but animals and plants can too.
Humans can be just too darn noisy for their own good.
Humans can be part of the sanitation control factor by removing food, water, and shelter.
Humans can be surprisingly good divers.
Humans can be tall or short, skinny or fat, dark or light skinned, etc.
Humans can be the friendliest creatures on the planet.
Humans can be the gods of their own universes, limited only by the power of their own imaginations.
Humans can be truly proud and noble animals.
Humans can be very fickle.
Humans can become infected either in utero, or by accidental ingestion of the oocysts.
Humans can become what they choose.
Humans can behave the same way to powerfully addictive drugs.
Humans can breathe Martian air.
Humans can build tools like greenhouses that allow plants to grow all year.
Humans can burn grass causing grass to grow better or just cause ravaging forest fires.
Humans can carry on with pollution and wilderness encroachment just like in the good ol' days.
Humans can carry only about three-quarters of their body weight.
Humans can carry out checks faster than computations, but modern computers are much slower at it.
Humans can carry the foot and mouth virus on their clothes or shoes for instance, and pass it on.
Humans can carry the virus on their boots and clothing.
Humans can carry the virus on their boots or clothes.
Humans can carry the virus on their clothes and spread infection.
Humans can carry the virus on their feet, clothing and even their pharynx.
Humans can catch athlete's foot from their pets.
Humans can catch foot and mouth, but the results are mild in our species.
Humans can catch hantavirus from deer mice urine, droppings, saliva or nesting materials.
Humans can catch the virus from deer mice urine, droppings, saliva or nesting materials.
Humans can cause lasting effects on the watershed.
Humans can change and expand their memory.
Humans can change and organizations can become places for productive organizational learning.
Humans can choose how much noise they put into the oceans.
Humans can choose to change their behavior and plan to provide for the needs of future generations.
Humans can choose to obey or ignore the.
Humans can come up with the most intriguing things to do.
Humans can construct ideas with great speed.
Humans can consume endosperm tissue from plant species such as corn or beans.
Humans can contract a number of mad cow-type diseases.
Humans can contract brucellosis through contact with infected cows, particularly during calving.
Humans can contract hookworm by oral consumption or through the skin.
Humans can contract it.
Humans can contract paralytic shellfish poisoning.
Humans can contract the disease by breathing the aerosolized virus.
Humans can contract the disease by eating meat from infected animals or by handling sick livestock.
Humans can contract the disease by eating tainted meat, although the risk of doing so is very low.
Humans can contract the disease when they breathe in aerosolized virus.
Humans can contract the virus and, although rare, it can cause death.
Humans can control and alter the environment .
Humans can control and alter the environment.
Humans can create documents the way they want.
Humans can definitely hear that.
Humans can depend on nature.
Humans can destroy in a matter of days that which nature took thousands of years to create.
Humans can detect a variety of different types of chemicals through the sense of taste.
Humans can detect and recognize hydrogen sulfide at very low levels.
Humans can detect from less than a billionth of an atmosphere to values one million times higher.
Humans can develop allergies to rat dander and urine.
Humans can develop allergies to the dander, urine or hair of mice.
Humans can discover the causes of events.
Humans can distort reality.
Humans can do bad things and good things .
Humans can do bad things and good things.
Humans can do it to a much lesser degree.
Humans can do it, ants do it and even slime moulds do it.
Humans can do much more than simply response to the present of light.
Humans can do something really similar.
Humans can do that and much more.
Humans can do the most incredible things no matter what happens.
Humans can drive at tremendous pace, even over a long period of years, if they choose to drive.
Humans can easily be outrun by many other animals over short distances.
Humans can easily contract rabies as well, and left untreated it is almost always fatal.
Humans can easily read off the number.
Humans can eat the fruit of black walnut, choke cherry, and golden currant.
Humans can eat the lichen if it is boiled to remove the acids.
Humans can eat the very young fronds.
Humans can effectively function as the leader.
Humans can exist there only with outside support.
Humans can expect spacious, private staterooms and memorable breakfasts.
Humans can extract distance and velocity from vestibular perceived acceleration.
Humans can fabricate rocks and minerals.
Humans can feel even the slightest pinprick anywhere on their bodies.
Humans can form sled teams, dogs can be on the teams.
Humans can fulfill a sex drive without it leading to reproduction.
Humans can get boring sometimes.
Humans can get giardia by drinking water that has been contaminated.
Humans can get leptospirosis from being exposed to animal urine through contaminated soil or water.
Humans can get ringworm too.
Humans can get roundworm from eating poorly cooked bear meat or fish.
Humans can get sick just by touching one's skin.
Humans can get so loud at times.
Humans can get the disease by contact with infected animals.
Humans can get the disease by ingesting the infectious eggs found in the feces of an infected pet.
Humans can get the disease from eating infected meats.
Humans can give consent.
Humans can go almost a month without food but die from lack of water in less than a week.
Humans can go for weeks without eating, but only for a few days without drinking.
Humans can go higher, but they are very rare.
Humans can go longer without food than they can without water.
Humans can go longer without food than without sleep.
Humans can handle two or three variables, but beyond that it's over.
Humans can have a lust for power and control.
Humans can have big impact.
Humans can have crops.
Humans can have devastate effects.
Humans can have effects.
Humans can have impact.
Humans can have intractable prejudices or cultural viewpoints that they refuse to drop.
Humans can have major impact.
Humans can have meat only because animals like cows and pigs eat plants.
Humans can have negative effects.
Humans can have profound influences on lake chemistry.
Humans can hear gobbles from a mile away.
Humans can hear the coughs, bleats and whistles they often use.
Humans can help other organisms reproduce asexually.
Humans can host parasites, like the flatworms that cause schistosomiasis.
Humans can identify thousands of odors.
Humans can imagine the future, including death, something very difficult to handle.
Humans can impact animal and plant populations.
Humans can improve their cell functioning by eating a variety of foods from all food groups.
Humans can improve their sensitivity to sounds by moving the pinna.
Humans can in fact have an obligation towards something that exists in the future.
Humans can inadvertently carry seeds on clothing and shoes.
Humans can increase the amount of hardness in waterways in a few ways.
Humans can ingest or inhale the small particles.
Humans can integrate new material better if it has a pattern or if it is organized.
Humans can intentionally increase the amount of nutrients in an ecosystem.
Humans can interbreed with alien species.
Humans can interfere with the carrying capacity of an organism.
Humans can learn a lot from wolves and wolfdogs.
Humans can learn discernment through feelings.
Humans can learn from accomplishments, as well as failure or mistakes.
Humans can learn how to solve waste problems by learning how waste is recycled in nature.
Humans can learn independently.
Humans can learn so much from the natural world.
Humans can level faster than any other race in the game.
Humans can lie, or fail to keep promises.
Humans can listen at twice the speed the average person speaks.
Humans can live a month without food, but only a few days without water.
Humans can live a very healthy life following a vegan diet.
Humans can live for days without food or water but for only a brief time without air.
Humans can live for weeks and sometimes months without food.
Humans can live most anywhere.
Humans can live quite awhile without food, but only a very short time without water.
Humans can live relatively comfortably at almost any location on the surface.
Humans can live without it.
Humans can live without skin.
Humans can live without TV news, radios, newspapers and the Internet.
Humans can look at their lives, and other's lives, and plan courses of action.
Humans can lose their capacity for enjoying higher pleasures.
Humans can make a positive or negative impact on animal survival.
Humans can make conscious choices.
Humans can make conscious decisions to minimize the impact of their actions on wild populations.
Humans can make do with a well- aimed rock, arrow or bullet.
Humans can manage on less, eating what they grow, buying in little beyond flour.
Humans can metabolize low levels of cyanide found in some foods.
Humans can mix the soil so extensively that the soil material is again considered parent material.
Humans can modify other species by selecting and breeding individuals that possess desired traits.
Humans can modify the landscape in many ways.
Humans can mold their minds as well as their bodies.
Humans can never be fair, no matter how hard they try.
Humans can now change their environment to solve problems .
Humans can now change their environment to solve problems.
Humans can now trace their own history back for a million generations.
Humans can observe a situation and weigh out various courses of action.
Humans can observe and reason, but ultimately the mind encounters chasms.
Humans can only analyse it, enter into it more deeply and put it into practice.
Humans can only be in the cavity for a few brief moments before losing consciousness.
Humans can only consume a certain type of water and remain healthy.
Humans can only contract the virus from the bite of a mosquito that has fed on an infected bird.
Humans can only flourish when biologically-based needs are satisfied.
Humans can only follow human goals.
Humans can only get fresh air in their lungs when they breathe in.
Humans can only guess at what the mind of equus thinks of.
Humans can only handle one day at a time.
Humans can only hear part of the whales' songs.
Humans can only learn from wolves and wolfdogs if they can get passed their prejudices and fears.
Humans can only manage one or two per second.
Humans can only speculate.
Humans can only survive within a narrow range of warmth and cold.
Humans can only tolerate a small actuation-instrumentation delay.
Humans can only track a number of changes in their environment.
Humans can outrun nearly every other animal on the planet over long distances.
Humans can pass on both their genes and their ideas.
Humans can perceive the difference between two sine waves that differ only in phase.
Humans can permanently damage the environment.
Humans can pick out very fine patterns of stripes before the image blurs into solid grey.
Humans can place water vapor into the atmosphere by perspiration or by simply exhaling.
Humans can pose a threat though as they are considered to be exotic creatures.
Humans can pose a threat to rattlesnakes.
Humans can preform sentences with some effort.
Humans can produce.
Humans can provide another striking example.
Humans can rapidly adapt to much wider range of circumstances than any other creature.
Humans can reach perfection.
Humans can react.
Humans can read the whole thing and figure-out what went wrong.
Humans can really be hard-headed sometimes.
Humans can really only do one thing at a time.
Humans can reason better than cows for instance.
Humans can receive puncture wounds from wombat claws as well as bites.
Humans can receive puncture wounds from wombat claws, as well as bites.
Humans can receive puncture wounds fromwombat claws as well as bites.
Humans can remove or alter the constraints on population sizes, with both good and bad consequences.
Humans can run fast, but only so fast.
Humans can safely drink the wheatgrass juice.
Humans can search for the intruder by opening doors, looking into closets, etc.
Humans can see better than slime people, even in the latter's home domain of thick fog.
Humans can see farther than they can reach.
Humans can see gamma rays.
Humans can see in the visible spectrum only.
Humans can simulate future courses of action and weed out the nonsense off-line.
Humans can sometimes hear the music if they listen carefully.
Humans can spam too.
Humans can spread infection by syringes, instruments and the like.
Humans can spread the disease on their boots.
Humans can still paint and draw much, much better-looking things than computers can render.
Humans can subsequently develop dermatitis from contact.
Humans can subsist on unseasoned food.
Humans can successfully identify changes in whites due to illumination.
Humans can survive for several weeks without food,but for only a few days without water.
Humans can survive on an exclusive diet of tsamma for six weeks.
Humans can survive on Earth without biodiversity.
Humans can swallow even while hanging upside down.
Humans can swallow water standing on their heads.
Humans can taste only sweet, sour, bitter, and salt.
Humans can then drink the milk that comes from the cow.
Humans can transfer heat by radiation.
Humans can transform and change in remarkable ways.
Humans can travel in space, but only in government-sponsored exploratory missions to nearby planets.
Humans can twist their bodies into thousands of positions.
Humans can understand their facial expressions and hand gestures.
Humans can understand themselves and others as such beings.
Humans can use both ground and surface water.
Humans can use their hands and tools such as knives and forks to get their food.
Humans can usually escape alive from such encounters, which comprise about half of all attacks.
Humans can usually find resources during times of crisis.
Humans can visually compare many things at once.
Humans can vomit.
Humans can walk and chew gum at the same time but otherwise juggling ability is restricted.
Humans can, and do, engage in a wide variety of aggression.
Humans care about books.
Humans carry a tremendous amount of personal experience into computer environments.
Humans carry an ancient memory of the power of ritual.
Humans carry children.
Humans carry diseases, are terribly violent and they stare at each other.
Humans carry evidence.
Humans carry out functions that are imitated by a synthetic human figure known as an avatar.
Humans catch diseases.
Humans catch the disease from a bite they get from the tick in which the bacterium lives.
Humans catch white perch recreationally.
Humans categorize it thicker.
Humans cause destruction.
Humans cause habitat destruction.
Humans cause infection.
Humans cause influenza.
Humans cause problems.
Humans cause trouble.
Humans cause two-thirds of wolf deaths when wolves venture outside of park boundaries.
Humans cause wetland destruction.
Humans ceaselessly strive to find substitutes for expending human energy.
Humans certainly do.
Humans certainly have minds in both senses.
Humans certainly make use of landmarks for orientation.
Humans change appearances.
Humans change behavior.
Humans change diets.
Humans change environments in ways that are helpful or harmful for themselves and other organisms.
Humans change environments in ways that can either be beneficial or detrimental for other organisms.
Humans change environments.
Humans change physically, especially during puberty.
Humans change species by breeding with the best changes they want.
Humans change the chemistry of the atmosphere by burning fossil fuels.
Humans change the environment and change because of the environment.
Humans change the mosaic by logging, mining, development, and land clearing.
Humans change, evolve, and grow by interacting with nature and society.
Humans chauvinistically see themselves as controlling domestication.
Humans choose to do evil acts.
Humans choose to have sex.
Humans churn up the water crazily, leaving a cascade of bubbles with every stroke or kick.
Humans claim more resources today than any other organism on Earth.
Humans classify compulsively.
Humans clean the feces, which contain the bacteria, of the animals on farms.
Humans clearly have individual personalities.
Humans collect and learn and act on information and thus change.
Humans colonize marginally inhabitable worlds, deserts and ice planets.
Humans come and go, but the law stays and provides means for people to negotiate their freedom.
Humans come first is a cheap and mean pretext for doing nothing, either for animals or for people.
Humans come from ancestors.
Humans come from common ancestors.
Humans come from different lineage.
Humans come from different phylogenetic lineage.
Humans come from lineage.
Humans come from phylogenetic lineage.
Humans come in all sizes.
Humans come in contact.
Humans come in hordes.
Humans come in many shapes, sizes and proportions.
Humans come into closest contact with the ocean in the coastal region.
Humans come into contact with phthalate esters by using flexible vinyl products.
Humans come into contact.
Humans come out and hunt down the left over Cybrids away.
Humans come packaged with a natural drive toward health.
Humans come prepared to get over it.
Humans come to have attitudes and attachments toward others and desire for the regard of others.
Humans come together sexually as a result of emotional needs and biological drives.
Humans come with eyes facing forward.
Humans commercially harvest sea turtles for their meat, flippers and shells.
Humans commit errors for a variety of known and complicated reasons.
Humans commonly encounter low levels of ammonia in the natural environment.
Humans commonly interact with computers through a keyboard and a mouse.
Humans commonly remove keystone species to protect economically valuable big game from predation.
Humans commonly transmit trichinosis to other humans or animals.
Humans communicate most naturally with speech and language.
Humans communicate with symbols and verbal language.
Humans compete for limit resources.
Humans compete for resources.
Humans compete with koalas for land use throughout much of the koala's range.
Humans compete with squirrels for the tasty nuts.
Humans compile the content.
Humans conceive and give birth to humans, pure and simple.
Humans conduct electricity.
Humans congregate in groups.
Humans consider that 'evil'.
Humans consider themselves to be unique.
Humans constitute their major predators along with raptors and snakes.
Humans constitute very small subset of animals.
Humans construct all sorts of structures for a variety of purposes.
Humans consume a remarkable variety of plants and plant parts.
Humans consume animal proteins.
Humans consume animals.
Humans consume both plants and animals.
Humans consume both producers and a few consumers.
Humans consume diets.
Humans consume fish.
Humans consume food.
Humans consume lamb meat.
Humans consume meat.
Humans consume milk.
Humans consume more and more land and mineral and energy resources.
Humans consume oxygen and produce carbon dioxide.
Humans consume oxygen and release carbon dioxide.
Humans consume plants, but humans eat meat also.
Humans consume plants, vegetables, and often the meat from animals.
Humans consume plants.
Humans consume popcorn as a versatile and nutritious snack.
Humans consume proteins.
Humans consume red meat.
Humans consume the metals in water and through food.
Humans consume the whelk animal, too.
Humans consume too much while giving back too little.
Humans consume water.
Humans contain about eight ounces of salt.
Humans contemplate the future and the past.
Humans continually influence the environment and are influenced by it.
Humans continually try to link cancer with nutrition.
Humans continue providing food until the young acquire the necessary hunting skills and migrate.
Humans continue to eliminate bears and decrease natural bear habitat throughout the world.
Humans continue to overburden the planet.
Humans continue to relearn the same wisdom over and over again.
Humans continue to take away the remaining territory that they do have.
Humans continuously pollute Earth, which leads to global warming all over the world.
Humans contract schistosomiasis from water infested by cercariae, the microscopic infective stage.
Humans contract the virus from mosquito bites or the handling of infected animals.
Humans contract the virus through contact with the saliva of the sick animal.
Humans contribute to fertilization of lakes in a number of ways.
Humans convert ammonia into urea, which is passed out of the body as urine.
Humans cool down by perspiring.
Humans crave certainty, but the only way to access the unknown successfully is through metaphor.
Humans crave human contact.
Humans crave melodrama.
Humans crave resolution.
Humans create a mixture of crushing, tearing and incising injuries worsened by a mixed mouth flora.
Humans create a symbolic universe through language, math, science, and art.
Humans create all radioactive isotopes in the nuclear industry.
Humans create and use tools intuitively in the exploration of their surroundings.
Humans create atoms from light particles.
Humans create conditions.
Humans create ethic.
Humans create harmful emissions from agriculture, automobiles, aerosols and air conditioning.
Humans create ideas and machines that take on a life of their own and, in turn, alter human life.
Humans create images of places which they then come to believe are correct and true.
Humans create or construct knowledge as they attempt to bring meaning to their experience.
Humans create our own meanings.
Humans create savannas by burning grasslands and cutting down trees so they can plant crops.
Humans create sounds by expelling lots of air over our vocal cords.
Humans create structures.
Humans create the bases of knowledge and experience needed to solve their problems.
Humans create the real number system by establishing axioms to describe it.
Humans create their own realities, in part, by managing their appearances.
Humans create thrust when they swim by dragging their arms and legs through the water.
Humans critically reflect over who they are, where they are and what they ought to do.
Humans cycle from joy to despair and back to joy over and over again in their lives.
Humans deal well with being blind, and humans are much more dependent on their eyes than are dogs.
Humans deal with information.
Humans decide whether it is used for good or evil.
Humans definitely have a natural tendency for violence.
Humans demonstrate many distinctive behaviours that contribute to societal cohesion.
Humans depend mostly on visual cues, while other species use olfactory or auditory methods.
Humans depend on air to live and breathe.
Humans depend on both their natural and their constructed environment.
Humans depend on coral reefs too.
Humans depend on dietary sources for of iodine including animal products, seaweed, and iodized salt.
Humans depend on diets.
Humans depend on each other for friendship, understanding, love, and well-being at every age.
Humans depend on healthy ecosystems for food medicines and raw materials.
Humans depend on other humans.
Humans depend on plants and animals for survival.
Humans depend on resources.
Humans depend on seed plants for medicines.
Humans depend on the environment to live .
Humans depend on the environment to live.
Humans depend on the marsh more than people realize.
Humans depend on the ocean for food, recreation, trade, travel, and jobs.
Humans depend on their environment to help meet their needs.
Humans depend on their environment when they.
Humans depend on their natural and constructed environment.
Humans depend on their natural and constructed environments.
Humans depend on their natural or constructed environments.
Humans depend on water for drinking, cooking, swimming, fishing, and farming.
Humans depend to the environment.
Humans depend upon the life-support systems provided by the oceans.
Humans depend, directly or indirectly, from plants.
Humans derive benefits.
Humans derive food, fiber, drugs, and fuel, either directly or indirectly from angiosperms.
Humans describe texture as fine, coarse, grained, smooth, etc.
Humans desire attention and affection.
Humans desire exercises.
Humans desire money.
Humans desire to know practical applications of the professions.
Humans destroy ecosystems.
Humans destroy environments.
Humans destroy habitats.
Humans destroy natural habitats.
Humans destroy the natural harmony.
Humans destroy the natural resource of the entire world.
Humans detect taste with taste receptor cells .
Humans detect taste with taste receptor cells.
Humans determine human history.
Humans develop addictions for the same reasons simpler creatures do, when given the opportunity.
Humans develop capability.
Humans develop from ape-like to homo sapien.
Humans develop infection.
Humans develop infrastructures.
Humans develop larval infection.
Humans develop survival skills for different environments.
Humans develop technology.
Humans devise ways.
Humans die from other causes than starvation, malnutrition, and old age.
Humans die if they drink sea water for more than a couple of days.
Humans die of old age and accident, often in pain and distress.
Humans differ from animals.
Humans differ from one another in muOR densities.
Humans differ most in brain capacity and consciousness.
Humans differ radically from their environment.
Humans digest milk.
Humans direct the formation of recombinant DNA through selective breeding and genetic engineering.
Humans discover a way to make Mars inhabitable.
Humans discover that they are born free, but free only within a prison.
Humans display all four features characteristic of chordates during their embryonic phase.
Humans display emotions ranging from happiness to anger to sadness.
Humans display many behaviors that appear difficult to explain in individual selection terms.
Humans disregard thousands of years of natural, bred-in, survival instincts.
Humans disrupt the penguins by removing and destroying the guano during nesting season.
Humans divide their year into four seasons accordingly.
Humans do a mating dance comparable to animals and insects.
Humans do all kinds of things for free, for joy and satisfaction.
Humans do appear, but sometimes in altered fashion.
Humans do as well.
Humans do attack humans.
Humans do claim a great deal for that particular emotion.
Humans do come first.
Humans do determine the conditions of their own surroundings.
Humans do differ as individuals, but it has little to do with race.
Humans do excrete methylmercury, though only very slowly.
Humans do generate a lot of bio-electricity, but almost all of it is used for life functions.
Humans do have a communication system that for the most part stands beside language.
Humans do have a repair system to remove UV induced thymine dimers.
Humans do have hair all over their bodies, too, it is just lighter on the body than on the head.
Humans do have the ability to defend themselves, after all.
Humans do however, have marvelous fingers, thumbs, and limbs for reaching, climbing and grabbing.
Humans do human things in a world of humans.
Humans do it all the time.
Humans do it anyway.
Humans do it better.
Humans do it on the box.
Humans do it only on rare occasions and it is looked down upon in society .
Humans do it only on rare occasions and it is looked down upon in society.
Humans do make errors.
Humans do make mistakes.
Humans Do Many Things .
Humans do silly things sometimes, and a sense of humor can help keep things in perspective.
Humans do some things at the same time every day.
Humans do some very strange things.
Humans do that but also get depressed when goals are achieved.
Humans do that sort of stuff.
Humans do that.
Humans do the darndest things .
Humans do the same thing.
Humans do the same, of course.
Humans do their most creative and best work when they're competing.
Humans do things in life because they desire something for themselves.
Humans do too.
Humans does have many natural instinct, only that they takes long time to evolve.
Humans dominate the earth today.
Humans dominate the Forgotten Realms.
Humans don t adapt to environments.
Humans don t make errors computers do.
Humans doodle, making pictures of eagles with lightning bolts in their talons.
Humans dream and write about the fantasy of reversing the aging process.
Humans drink a lot of water, and also gain moisture through food.
Humans drink grind water.
Humans drink water.
Humans dump trash in lots of places , like the ocean .
Humans dump trash in lots of places, like the ocean.
Humans eat almost everything and are on the top of the evolutionary tree.
Humans eat animal food.
Humans eat animals.
Humans eat corn.
Humans eat cows.
Humans eat dairy food.
Humans eat dead animals.
Humans eat food.
Humans eat forbidden and dirty food and engage in unrestrained sinful sexual practices.
Humans eat grain.
Humans eat human food.
Humans eat insects.
Humans eat lots of rotten fish.
Humans eat meat.
Humans eat menhaden in other forms too.
Humans eat ocean living things, too.
Humans eat orangutans.
Humans eat other species merely to please their palates.
Humans eat plant food.
Humans eat plants, metabolize the starch into glucose.
Humans eat plants.
Humans eat raw meat.
Humans eat red meat.
Humans eat seafood.
Humans eat seeds.
Humans eat shellfishes.
Humans eat soil.
Humans eat the berries fresh, or in pies, muffins or jam.
Humans eat the boiled seeds in times of scarcity in Rhodesia.
Humans eat the fruits fresh, leading to the misnomer , African mango.
Humans eat the larger fish.
Humans eat the roe either raw or briefly cooked.
Humans eat their meat and use their oil.
Humans eat uncooked seafood.
Humans eat unhealthy plants.
Humans eat vegetables.
Humans effect the processes of erosion and deposition.
Humans elicit our sympathy and garner our support in a way the superhuman never can.
Humans eliminate mercury through the urine and feces.
Humans emit and sense pheromones that can change behavior, however subtly.
Humans empathize with an elephant more so than a fish.
Humans encounter a continual stream of learning tasks.
Humans encounter a strange alien artifact.
Humans encounter problems while trying to co-exist with grizzly bears.
Humans encounter rattlesnakes.
Humans encounter reptiles.
Humans engage in activities.
Humans engage in behavior.
Humans engage in sexual behavior.
Humans engage in something similar.
Humans enjoy celebrations.
Humans enjoy investigating many interests throughout their lives.
Humans enjoy representational art.
Humans enjoy tight clothing.
Humans enter environments.
Humans enter forest regions.
Humans enter habitats.
Humans enter native habitats.
Humans enter new situations with the knowledge of all past experiences in tow.
Humans enter regions.
Humans enter territory.
Humans err all their lives long.
Humans err, but they also learn from error.
Humans establish a series of small scientific and military bases across Mars.
Humans even appear in the supporting cast.
Humans even commit suicide.
Humans even use down feathers in jackets and sleeping bags.
Humans even use technology to adapt.
Humans eventually do connect, despite the roadblocks of language.
Humans everywhere approve of loyalty and decry treachery.
Humans everywhere make love.
Humans everywhere think about plants and animals in highly structured ways.
Humans evolve and learn through interaction, Always seeking inner satisfaction.
Humans evolve from apes.
Humans evolve from chimps.
Humans evolve from modern apes.
Humans examine consistency, distinctiveness, and consensus when making attributions.
Humans excel over computers in many domains.
Humans excrete by producing faeces, carbon dioxide and water.
Humans excrete materials.
Humans excrete mercury from our bodies, but that process also takes time.
Humans excrete solid waste.
Humans excrete such materials.
Humans excrete waste.
Humans execute ultimate control over nature.
Humans exhale oxygen, carbon dioxide and nitrogen.
Humans exhibit creative minds.
Humans exhibit four characteristic types of eye motion.
Humans exhibit minds.
Humans exhibit tendencies rather than inevitabilities.
Humans exhibit wide variations in how they manage their calendars.
Humans exist as a living substance as well as an energy substance.
Humans exist in a social environment.
Humans exist in both a physical and mental state.
Humans exist physically in a binary form of being and non-being and so is their communication.
Humans exist within a broad range of chromosomal and hormonal possibilities.
Humans exists in the material world and constantly exchange energy and information with it.
Humans expand out into stars.
Humans expect animals to behave politely, accepting human dictates without objection.
Humans experience consciousness.
Humans experience impact.
Humans experience negative impact.
Humans experience negative physiological impact.
Humans experience pain.
Humans experience physiological impact.
Humans experience small, red itching wounds from flea bites typically around the feet and ankles.
Humans experience stomach pain.
Humans experience their fastest growth rate during fetal development and early infancy.
Humans explain new, unknown events by what is known.
Humans extend the Earth's nervous system.
Humans face death.
Humans fall between the two.
Humans fall into the omnivore category along with raccoons and bears.
Humans fantasize about being self-possessed in the most dangerous or consequential situations.
Humans fare no better than plants.
Humans fear the unknown, death and unimportance.
Humans feel bonds.
Humans feel emotional bonds.
Humans feel happy when the four conflicting and synergic needs are in balance.
Humans feel they are on the top position because humans have a large brain that can think.
Humans fight aliens.
Humans fight back.
Humans fight for life with every gasp they have because they know no better.
Humans fight for survival.
Humans fight humans.
Humans fight wars.
Humans figure in the Cycle only as a sort of grim footnote.
Humans fill in ponds and lakes with sediment to create land for houses and other structures.
Humans find solace in voice.
Humans first attempt to express their power creatively.
Humans flirt to propagate our genes and to display our genetic worth.
Humans flounder in hesitancy and indecision.
Humans focus on same tasks.
Humans focus on tasks.
Humans follow coastal routes.
Humans follow diets.
Humans follow exposure.
Humans follow neither pattern.
Humans follow patterns.
Humans follow routes.
Humans follow the second strategy.
Humans follow vegetarian diets.
Humans form bonds.
Humans form pair bonds and have varied and complex mating strategies and behaviors.
Humans form pair bonds.
Humans formulate opinions of self based upon the collected experiences of life.
Humans formulate ways of knowing that consist of models and systems.
Humans function in the gravitational-force environment of Earth without ever thinking about it.
Humans gain knowledge from being in the world and learning through experience.
Humans gain physical freedom progressively through childhood as they become more trustworthy.
Humans gain utility from helping others.
Humans generally have sub-conscious, or unconscious minds.
Humans generally lack the cognitive ability to properly measure risks and rewards.
Humans generally prefer to die accompanied by family and friends.
Humans generally produce five pounds of waste in a single day.
Humans get a plus to their damage roll when wielding weapons.
Humans get addicted to various things.
Humans get contact.
Humans get defensive, they tighten and get stiff when resisting.
Humans get diets.
Humans get disease by handling animals or animal products such as hides and wool, goat hair.
Humans get energy by releasing the stored chemical energy in the foods they eat.
Humans get food.
Humans get goose bumps when they are cold, frightened, angry, or in awe.
Humans get hands.
Humans get heartworms too.
Humans get hungry for what they've been missing in their diet.
Humans get into the act also, as people make great use of diverted surface water for their needs.
Humans get into the act also, as people make great use of surface water for their needs.
Humans get lecithin from cell production and from the nutrients in our diets.
Humans get malaria from the bite of a malaria-infected mosquito.
Humans get malaria from the bite of a mosquito infected with malaria.
Humans get most of their fluoride in drinking water.
Humans get most of their information about a word from the first sounds out of a person's mouth.
Humans get most of their protein by eating fish from the ocean.
Humans get nucleotide building blocks by digesting the DNA in the food they eat.
Humans get nutrients.
Humans get old.
Humans get one inch at the end.
Humans get power.
Humans get something valuable by hunting dragons.
Humans get strange at century's ends, and really weird before millennia.
Humans get such close contact.
Humans get the disease by drinking milk that is unsterilized , or by eating meat from sick animals .
Humans get the disease by drinking milk that is unsterilized, or by eating meat from sick animals.
Humans get the good roles, while animals can only bark, meow, or moo.
Humans get the neurological disease from the bite of pinhead-sized insects called ticks.
Humans get the West Nile Virus largely from the bite of mosquitoes.
Humans get their energy from the food they eat and the fluids they drink.
Humans get tired, humans get lazy, humans make mistakes.
Humans get upper hands.
Humans get very large amounts of information about the physical world by touching things.
Humans give consideration to the interests of others in many different ways.
Humans give dogs food and shelter, and dogs give humans companionship and work.
Humans glorify word as god .
Humans go and simply gather.
Humans go back and forth on money's proper ingredients.
Humans go even further still, with the long period of learning before their young are independent.
Humans go second, taking their psyches as given and deciding how to behave.
Humans go through incredible efforts to hide things from others and from themselves.
Humans go through life.
Humans go through the same sequence of energy levels for each cycle.
Humans go to hell, and get nothing for it.
Humans greatly affect ground water.
Humans grow and develop by learning new skills and acquiring additional knowledge.
Humans grow and develope and have the ability to fulfill their potential.
Humans grow hair on the tops of their heads, and the men even grow hair upon their faces.
Humans grow through series of cognitive stages.
Humans grow with two sets of teeth.
Humans happen to smile and laugh when they are happy, and dogs wag their tails.
Humans have (part) arms.
Humans have (part) body hair.
Humans have (part) body substances.
Humans have (part) brains.
Humans have (part) breasts.
Humans have (part) cell membranes.
Humans have (part) cells.
Humans have (part) chest cavities.
Humans have (part) chests.
Humans have (part) corpi.
Humans have (part) cytoplasm.
Humans have (part) ears.
Humans have (part) elbows.
Humans have (part) feet.
Humans have (part) fingers.
Humans have (part) hands.
Humans have (part) human bodies.
Humans have (part) human heads.
Humans have (part) legs.
Humans have (part) material bodies.
Humans have (part) necks.
Humans have (part) nuclei.
Humans have (part) palms.
Humans have (part) piluses.
Humans have (part) plasma membranes.
Humans have (part) rib cages.
Humans have (part) sections.
Humans have (part) skulls.
Humans have (part) soles.
Humans have (part) sterna.
Humans have (part) vacuoles.
Humans have (part) wrists.
Humans have a basic fear of death.
Humans have a big brain as their theme and trees have defense.
Humans have a blastocyst.
Humans have a bow-shaped jaw and smaller teeth reflecting the changes in diet.
Humans have a buildup of plaque in the morning, that makes our breath smell bad.
Humans have a complex and difficult relationship to the aquatic environment.
Humans have a deep longing to belong, to be emotionally bonded with others.
Humans have a different roundworm, as do cats, horses, pigs, and other animals.
Humans have a diving reflex like that of the semi-aquatic mammals that live in cold climates.
Humans have a dual nature.
Humans have a fairly simple digestion system.
Humans have a fearsome ability to rationalize.
Humans have a fixed pattern of breathing when they run.
Humans have a fundamental right to experiment on animals.
Humans have a great capacity for memory.
Humans have a great hunger for explanation.
Humans have a group soul, but have also evolved to have an individual conscious.
Humans have a high degree of encephalization, which is the ratio of brain size to body size.
Humans have a higher brain, a higher nature.
Humans have a higher ratio of cysteine in their breast milk than all other mammals.
Humans have a huge impact on elephants survival.
Humans have a huge impact on shoreline and marine environments.
Humans have a impact on both the local level and global level.
Humans have a knack for gathering, preserving, and sharing information.
Humans have a knack for ordering things - dates, sizes and seasons.
Humans have a large effect on the world .
Humans have a large effect on the world.
Humans have a large potential of possible pitches for their speaking voice.
Humans have a life span too long for objective study.
Humans have a limited capacity to process incoming information.
Humans have a locking knee joint and a longer heel bone.
Humans have a long and ugly history of using organisms as weapons.
Humans have a long history of both adaptive successes and adaptive failures.
Humans have a long history of carrying animals and plants around the world.
Humans have a long history of hunting and trapping wolves.
Humans have a long history of interaction with the avian world.
Humans have a long period of development after birth .
Humans have a long period of development after birth.
Humans have a lot of power to change and destroy habitats.
Humans have a lower rate of metabolism.
Humans have a major effect on other species.
Humans have a major impact on the living and non-living environment.
Humans have a major impact on the tropical rainforest.
Humans have a mere five million.
Humans have a mind, spirit and body.
Humans have a mix of teeth because they chew lots of different types of foods.
Humans have a mixed relationship with fungi.
Humans have a moral obligation to help other humans.
Humans have a moral obligation to limit their own predation.
Humans have a morbid curiosity about pain - car wrecks, violence, war, and the like.
Humans have a multitude of senses.
Humans have a nack for quickly picking up new skills.
Humans have a natural ability to want, desire, aspire, yearn, and long for.
Humans have a natural dislike or distain for creatures making a habit of dining on living hosts.
Humans have a natural goal to continue their life.
Humans have a natural right to be free from arbitrary interference in their peaceful affairs.
Humans have a natural tendency to attribute human-like characteristics to animal behavior.
Humans have a natural tendency to touch their nose and eyes frequently during the day.
Humans have a notoriously limited ability to deal with complexity.
Humans have a place in the world, as much as any other species.
Humans have a pretty good handle on what the plates are, and where their boundaries are.
Humans have a problem with math.
Humans have a relatively negative impact on the savanna biome through desertification and tourism.
Humans have a remarkable ability to detect patterns.
Humans have a remarkable ability to recognize faces from sketches.
Humans have a responsibility to preserve and protect their nearest elemental relative, water .
Humans have a responsibility toward earth's natural resources.
Humans have a right to be here and to use the earth.
Humans have a right to change the environment as they wish.
Humans have a set of muscles for moving their ears.
Humans have a set of natural instincts.
Humans have a shared biology with other vertebrates and a shared contamination.
Humans have a significant influence on wolf survival worldwide.
Humans have a similar shape of survivorship curve.
Humans have a smaller field because our eyes are directed straight ahead.
Humans have a specific immune system.
Humans have a strong urge for self- preservation.
Humans have a tail bone but no tail.
Humans have a tendency to cut themselves off.
Humans have a tendency to deal out hurt rather than accept it.
Humans have a tendency to express our identity and status through material possessions.
Humans have a tendency to look to others to blame for our own personal mistakes.
Humans have a tendency to simplify complex situations and it's worth asking about that.
Humans have a tendency to survive.
Humans have a tendency to use fragments when conversing casually.
Humans have a thick layer.
Humans have a unique genetic system that sets it apart from all other animals.
Humans have a vertically-oriented maxilla.
Humans have a very complex brain , which is much larger than that of the other living apes.
Humans have a very limited information processing capacity, and thus have to be selective.
Humans have a very local focus both in space and time.
Humans have a very strong desire to identify with heroic images.
Humans have a very well-developed capacity to assess the level of exertion.
Humans have a very wide range of emotions.
Humans have a wonderful ability to laugh.
Humans have ability.
Humans have absolute dominion over animals.
Humans have active immune systems.
Humans have adaptive advantage.
Humans have advantage.
Humans have ailment.
Humans have allergic reaction.
Humans have almost none.
Humans have amylase, which helps to begin to break down complex carbohydrates.
Humans have an abiding interest in fermented beverages.
Humans have an ability to destroy which surpasses anything else in the creation.
Humans have an action-guiding intuition that fits the moral structure of reality.
Humans have an almost infinite capacity for self delusion.
Humans have an amazing capacity to learn and grow.
Humans have an anthropoid jaw, that is a mouth which opens and closes vertically.
Humans have an enormous capacity for both good and evil.
Humans have an enormous capacity to adapt to many substances.
Humans have an enormous capacity to learn, change and evolve.
Humans have an enormous compulsion to find an immediate use for all available resources.
Humans have an extraordinary ability for self-expression.
Humans have an extraordinary ability to think, analyze, and use judgment.
Humans have an identical gene sequence.
Humans have an impact on environments and a responsibility for their protection.
Humans have an impact on nature and can modify their environment.
Humans have an inborn fear of loud noises and a rooting instinct.
Humans have an incredible amount of control over their bodies.
Humans have an incredibly high intelligence to mass ratio.
Humans have an infinite capacity to make problems for themselves.
Humans have an innate capacity for language.
Humans have an innate desire for connection.
Humans have an innate desire to reach for a state which agrees with living in accord with the laws.
Humans have an innate sense of what they 'ought' to do.
Humans have an innate tendency to attribute significance to anomalies and coincidences.
Humans have an internal time-keeping mechanism, and natural daylight sets and resets it daily.
Humans have an obsession with round numbers .
Humans have an open circulatory system.
Humans have an uncountably large number of physical, behavioral, and psychological features.
Humans have ancestors.
Humans have arrangements.
Humans have as many hair follicles as chimps.
Humans have attention spans.
Humans have autonomy to confidentiality regarding personal information.
Humans have average intelligence.
Humans have awareness.
Humans have babies because they desperately want to.
Humans have bases divided among chromosomes.
Humans have basic archetypal associations between color and objects or people.
Humans have basic needs and also grow, change, and die.
Humans have basically three different types of muscle fibers.
Humans have behavioral traits and characteristics in common with other animals.
Humans have beliefs.
Humans have big toes.
Humans have billions of microorganisms living in their digestive tracts and on their skin.
Humans have blonde hair.
Humans have bodies.
Humans have bodies.
Humans have bones.
Humans have both direct and indirect impacts on biological diversity.
Humans have both kinds of teeth because humans eat meat, and humans eat plants also.
Humans have both positive traits and areas for improvement.
Humans have both rods and cones.
Humans have both similarities and differences in their physical characteristics.
Humans have both.
Humans have brain receptors for benzodiazepines, which reduce anxiety.
Humans have brain size.
Humans have brains.
Humans have breasts.
Humans have capability.
Humans have cartilage in their ears and noses.
Humans have cause the majority of extinctions.
Humans have cavities.
Humans have certain instincts.
Humans have certain rights.
Humans have chances.
Humans have charge.
Humans have children.
Humans have common ancestors.
Humans have common origins.
Humans have contact.
Humans have control over the seas, land and the air.
Humans have curly hair.
Humans have detectors in their brains that are specifically devoted to laughter.
Humans have diets.
Humans have different behavioral styles, levels of confidence and experience.
Humans have difficult time.
Humans have difficulty transcending physical love to spiritual love.
Humans have distinct body structures for walking, holding, seeing and talking.
Humans have diurnal variation.
Humans have eccrine sweat glands all over their bodies.
Humans have electrical charge.
Humans have emotion.
Humans have emotions, they have likes and dislikes relating to products and services.
Humans have enormous power and freedom to choose their shepherd.
Humans have excellent judgment, adaptability, and dexterity.
Humans have exercises.
Humans have experience.
Humans have eyes, arms, etc., to be able to function in life.
Humans have eyes.
Humans have faces.
Humans have fairly sensitive sense of smell.
Humans have fear.
Humans have feelings about their behavior even if it is conditioned or reflexive.
Humans have feelings.
Humans have fertilizers, animal and sewage runoff get lots of phosphate into waters.
Humans have fevers and plants have wilts.
Humans have few choices and are totally subject to the natural laws of the universe.
Humans have few, primarily in infants.
Humans have fewer DNA patterns.
Humans have fewer instincts than most other animals.
Humans have fingerprints.
Humans have fingers.
Humans have five different types of antibodies which are given shorthand names.
Humans have five distinct polyoma viruses and multiple genital papilloma virus types.
Humans have five senses that they use to observe their environment.
Humans have five senses through which they can receive information.
Humans have five vital organs that are essential for survival.
Humans have flat faces.
Humans have fluid.
Humans have food taboos and prescriptions Human cognitive system affect food selection.
Humans have forty-six chromosomes, including two sex chromosomes, XX in females and XY in males.
Humans have four basic types of tissues.
Humans have four very notable physical traits.
Humans have four virtues or powers.
Humans have foveate vision.
Humans have freedom.
Humans have general cognitive limits.
Humans have genes.
Humans have gills and a tail early in our embryonic development.
Humans have glands.
Humans have great capacity for wishful thinking.
Humans have great ideas.
Humans have great impact on their environment.
Humans have greater mental capacities than any other animal.
Humans have hair everywhere except on our palms and the soles of the feet.
Humans have hair which is a mammalian character .
Humans have hair, but the color differs.
Humans have hair.
Humans have hands.
Humans have have children.
Humans have hormones.
Humans have human emotions and robots have robot emotions.
Humans have human minds.
Humans have hundreds of antiviral genes that have evolved alongside viruses.
Humans have hunter-soldier eyes, essential to survival for spotting game or danger at a distance.
Humans have ideas.
Humans have impact on all life on Earth.
Humans have impact.
Humans have in mind different uses for spider silk.
Humans have increasing contact with both domestic and wild animals.
Humans have incredibly complex biological systems.
Humans have individual fingerprints which are unique to that individual.
Humans have infection.
Humans have innate sensitivity.
Humans have insight into how to perform many tasks that robots are called on to do.
Humans have instinct.
Humans have intellect and culture.
Humans have intelligence.
Humans have intestinal infection.
Humans have intrinsic rights that are independent of society.
Humans have it easy.
Humans have it, too.
Humans have knowledge.
Humans have less use for it.
Humans have life.
Humans have light skin.
Humans have limits.
Humans have little comprehension of what's going on behind that glass monitor.
Humans have little effect on the environment.
Humans have little impact upon levels.
Humans have little impact.
Humans have low entropy.
Humans have lowest temp in the early morning while sleeping.
Humans have lungs and get their oxygen from the air.
Humans have mammary glands.
Humans have many complex needs.
Humans have many frailties.
Humans have many inherent physical weaknesses.
Humans have many organs .
Humans have many organs.
Humans have many protocols for communicating.
Humans have many reasons to grow plants.
Humans have many ways of greeting one another.
Humans have many words in their vocabulary.
Humans have minds.
Humans have mongastric digestive systems, much like many animals do.
Humans have monkey brains.
Humans have morality.
Humans have more complex survival strategies and population controls.
Humans have more number of cells than bacteria .
Humans have more risk bringing in diseases to infect other humans versus dogs.
Humans have more than five senses.
Humans have most impact on carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide.
Humans have much greater resources for success than they tend to use.
Humans have much the same genetic makeup as they did when they walked out of Africa.
Humans have multiple constraints besides food.
Humans have multiple levels of reference including gender, nationality, citizenship, and class.
Humans have multiple metabolic and genetic adaptations for omnivory.
Humans have muscle cells, brain cells, liver cells, etc.
Humans have muscles in their eyes.
Humans have muscles.
Humans have muscular lips and a small opening into the oral cavity.
Humans have myth.
Humans have narrow noses.
Humans have natural reaction.
Humans have negative reaction.
Humans have no advantages or disadvantages.
Humans have no analogous organ.
Humans have no corner on racial prejudice.
Humans have no experience making any container that can last that long.
Humans have no fixed or determinate nature.
Humans have no full monolithic internal models.
Humans have no instincts based on the psycholigical definition. . . . Semantics are important.
Humans have no limitations.
Humans have no monolithic control.
Humans have no power in themselves to survive in any form the disintegration of their bodies.
Humans have no right to kill other beings.
Humans have no salt glands.
Humans have no sense organs designed specifically to detect terrestrial vibrations.
Humans have no sense response to radiation.
Humans have no such specializations.
Humans have noses.
Humans have nothing to fear by the domesticated rats that are sold in pet stores.
Humans have one fovea per eye, while diurnal birds of prey have two.
Humans have one lens in each eye.
Humans have one mouth and a limited number of genitals, which is probably just as well.
Humans have one of the longest natural life spans of higher order creatures.
Humans have one stomach that fills with hydrochloric acid and enzymes to help break down food.
Humans have only a certain level of pain it can take.
Humans have only a limited ability to see.
Humans have only limited capabilities to reach a decision .
Humans have only limited capabilities to reach a decision.
Humans have only one.
Humans have only twice as many genes as a simple worm or a fly.
Humans have only two premolars on each side of the upper and lower jaws.
Humans have only versions of truth, or realities, which are used as substitutes.
Humans have opposable thumbs for manual dexterity.
Humans have organ systems, the parts of which function together to maintainlife activities.
Humans have origins.
Humans have 'orthognathic' faces.
Humans have oxygen.
Humans have parents.
Humans have physical strength.
Humans have positive impact.
Humans have power over what happens in the future more than they ever did.
Humans have power.
Humans have preferences .
Humans have proline in that position.
Humans have proteins.
Humans have rapid variation.
Humans have reaction.
Humans have reason and instinct.
Humans have relatively little genetic variation.
Humans have religious beliefs.
Humans have remote weapons.
Humans have resources.
Humans have responsibilities toward ecosystems.
Humans have rights.
Humans have roughly one million islets.
Humans have round heads and are generally unclothed except for a loincloth.
Humans have routine.
Humans have salivary amylase in their saliva to break starch into sugars.
Humans have salt.
Humans have seats and pads that create a comfortable and secure place.
Humans have senses including sight, smell, hearing, touch, and taste.
Humans have senses.
Humans have sensitivity.
Humans have septa.
Humans have several eye color genes .
Humans have several eye color genes.
Humans have several ways to adjust their body temperatures.
Humans have sewage works, but still dump billions of tonnes of unrefined poo into the seas.
Humans have sex all the time without being married.
Humans have sex then, low and behold, there is a kid.
Humans have sex.
Humans have sexual reproduction.
Humans have similar arrangements.
Humans have sinuses, or sewers, inside of their heads.
Humans have size.
Humans have skin cells, nerve cells, and sex cells.
Humans have skin.
Humans have smell.
Humans have social fathers.
Humans have social instincts.
Humans have social structures infinitely more developed than animals.
Humans have some advantages over computers.
Humans have specialized perceptual systems that detect changes in particular properties.
Humans have stem cells as embryos, in umbilical cord blood and, to some extent, in bone marrow.
Humans have strategies.
Humans have stupidity.
Humans have such a difficult time fully forgiving each other.
Humans have sweat glands in their skin that serve as an avenue for chemical absorption.
Humans have systems for extracting complex high level information from images.
Humans have tail bones.
Humans have technology.
Humans have teeth to chew food and an esophagus where it travels down from.
Humans have teeth.
Humans have the ability and the anatomy to eat many types of food.
Humans have the ability for language, preservation of invention, and division of labor.
Humans have the ability to abstract and form plans.
Humans have the ability to affect the environment in many different ways.
Humans have the ability to do and achieve as well as to be and exist.
Humans have the ability to judge.
Humans have the ability to perceive things of varying shapes and distances.
Humans have the ability to reason and make choices.
Humans have the ability to resist or deny nature, and with that control comes responsibility.
Humans have the ability to transform a forest much faster than it can react.
Humans have the ability to understand pictures instantaneously.
Humans have the ability to use language and logic.
Humans have the additional capacity to think and direct their awareness.
Humans have the anatomy of a herbivore but evolved the ability to eat meat.
Humans have the capability and responsibility to constrain or promote technological development.
Humans have the capability to make rapid changes.
Humans have the capacity for change.
Humans have the capacity to continue to develop intelligence.
Humans have the capacity to repair damaged DNA and do so regularly.
Humans have the desire and the ability to immortalize themselves.
Humans have the gifts of ancestors' experiences in oral and documented history.
Humans have the innate potential for growth and development toward self-actualization.
Humans have the intellect to wisely manage such areas.
Humans have the job of taking care of all other growth that has developed before their arrival.
Humans have the k-strategy as reproductive strategy.
Humans have the lowest natural intelligence.
Humans have the most advanced immune system on the planet.
Humans have the most brutal male domination system in all of nature.
Humans have the most complicated languages on Earth .
Humans have the most complicated languages on Earth.
Humans have the most fully developed intelligence and self-awareness of all animals.
Humans have the most highly developed brains.
Humans have the obligation of using their knowledge in the benefit of animals.
Humans have the power to influence the direction technologies take.
Humans have the power to make wrong choices and to make mistakes.
Humans have the red-colored pigment hemoglobin as their respiratory pigment.
Humans have the right of property and animals are property.
Humans have the right to life and liberty and property.
Humans have the right to modify the natural environment to suit their needs.
Humans have the right to modify the natural environment.
Humans have the same anatomical structure of the knee.
Humans have the same opportunity.
Humans have the same role, and for a very important purpose.
Humans have the tendency to look back on the past with proverbial rose colored glasses.
Humans have the territorial instincts of jungle beasts.
Humans have the worst of both worlds, so place a supreme emphasis on the love bond.
Humans have their faults.
Humans have their own form of demodex mite.
Humans have thirty-two permanent teeth.
Humans have three cones in the eyes for detecting colour, whereas most reef fish have only two.
Humans have three types of cones.
Humans have thumbs.
Humans have time.
Humans have to be integrated with nature because nature is rational.
Humans have to be organized.
Humans have to be sure they secure everything.
Humans have to beat out other humans, anyway possible.
Humans have to believe in something.
Humans have to complicate things.
Humans have to feel some place as home, that their identity somewhere.
Humans have to go exploring the red planet.
Humans have to kill to live, that is a fact.
Humans have to learn to deal with complex social relationships.
Humans have to learn to do that.
Humans have to learn to swim.
Humans have to work at it to keep the forces of nature at bay.
Humans have to work hard to achieve the same sort of effects.
Humans have toes.
Humans have too many babies.
Humans have transcendent life, where the animals have only a temporal existence.
Humans have transcendent value.
Humans have trichomatic vision, meaning that they can see the whole sprectrum.
Humans have trouble absorbing iron, even from foods rich in the mineral.
Humans have twenty times that number of proteins.
Humans have two bones in their forearm that can rotate around each other.
Humans have two breasts .
Humans have two breasts.
Humans have two copies of each gene - one inherited from the mother and one from the father.
Humans have two eyes, but their color can be different.
Humans have two hemispheres which control the opposite side of the body.
Humans have two kidneys and each kidney is supplied with blood from the renal artery .
Humans have two kidneys located in the lower back.
Humans have two kidneys that work identical.
Humans have two layers of skin tissue, layered one on top of the other.
Humans have two legs and frogs have four, but the only other animals left alive have six or eight.
Humans have two legs to walk.
Humans have two lungs, a right lung and a left lung.
Humans have two lungs, each fed by one bronchus.
Humans have two sets of teeth in their lives.
Humans have two sides to their brain functions.
Humans have two spirits and a body.
Humans have two substantiae nigrae, one on each side of the midline.
Humans have two types of photoreceptors, called rods and cones.
Humans have type-a consciousness.
Humans have unique ability.
Humans have unlimited potentials being one with the One.
Humans have unusual ability.
Humans have variation.
Humans have various steps during their lives , such as zygote , embryo , child and adult .
Humans have various steps during their lives, such as zygote, embryo, child and adult.
Humans have very different thinking to a wild animal.
Humans have very few grinding teeth, most are for cutting.
Humans have very little body hair.
Humans have very strong taboos against mating with relatives.
Humans have ways to change how they act.
Humans have wide variation.
Humans have years.
Humans have yet to act as any significant sink of atmospheric methane.
Humans have yet to decipher the different calls killer whales use for communication.
Humans have yet to overrun it.
Humans heal from horrible situations over time.
Humans hear binaurally.
Humans hear sound waves.
Humans hear waves.
Humans help changes happen faster by selective breeding.
Humans help contribute to eutrophication.
Humans help survival.
Humans help the evolutionary process sometimes unwittingly and sometimes by arrogance or ignorance.
Humans here are like wayward travelers, making brief ventures from their artificial ecosystems.
Humans here are visitors, who come to enjoy nature on nature's terms.
Humans hold a sense of alienation towards androids, their creation.
Humans hold babies.
Humans hold themselves back with the childish notion of punishment from an omnipotent being.
Humans host three species of louse, the head louse , the body louse and the pubic louse .
Humans however use a different method.
Humans hump to create friction.
Humans hunt animals.
Humans hunt brown pelicans to eat their meat and eggs, and also for their feathers.
Humans hunt large mammals.
Humans hunt mammals.
Humans hunt red squirrels for both their fur and meat.
Humans hunt the fox's for their beautiful fur.
Humans illustrates people's perceptions of the forest and the impacts they make on forest life.
Humans imitate one another.
Humans impact biological communities most often by some type of disturbance.
Humans impact living things by their decisions.
Humans impact soil formation by removing vegetation cover with erosion as the result.
Humans impact the biodiversity of the world more than any other.
Humans impact the ocean through the choices they make.
Humans impacts on wildlife in northern ecosystems.
Humans incorporate nitrogen into their bodies by nitrogen fixation.
Humans increase capacity.
Humans increase carry capacity.
Humans increasingly impact aquatic ecosystems through fishery exploitation and eutrophication.
Humans ingest a significant amount of anthocyanins in the daily diet.
Humans ingest mercury mainly by eating fish.
Humans ingest nitrate in food and water.
Humans ingest oocysts either from soil or cat raw tissue infected with cysts.
Humans ingest plants.
Humans ingest seafood.
Humans ingest tapeworms directly from water or soil.
Humans ingest TCE by drinking fluids, by breathing, and through their skin.
Humans ingest the fecal material, and the bacteria along with it.
Humans inhabit giant shells .
Humans inhale air.
Humans inhale clean air.
Humans inherently look for opportunities to create meaning from new situations.
Humans inherit mitochondria from their mothers and mtDNA through the oocyte .
Humans inherit the Earth.
Humans inherit the tendency to speak.
Humans inherit two sets of chromosomes, one from the mother and a second from the father.
Humans innately prefer the taste of sweets to all other tastes.
Humans instinctively avoid food that is rotten, and are attracted to food that smells fresh.
Humans instinctively crave the safety of a crowd.
Humans instinctively know to suckle when infants.
Humans instinctually are afraid of heights.
Humans interact and impact on animals every day.
Humans interact with each other in their natural environment on a constant basis .
Humans interact with each other in their natural environment on a constant basis.
Humans interact with many pharmacological agents on a regular basis.
Humans interact with the system physically, through sonar sensors and a mouse.
Humans interfere too much.
Humans interpret or define each other s actions instead of reacting to each other s actions.
Humans intervene in the nitrogen cycles in various ways.
Humans intrude, but rather as interlopers in nature's wealth of life.
Humans invade habitats.
Humans invade territory.
Humans invest a great deal of energy in fewer children over a longer period.
Humans just compete to prove their own competency.
Humans just do it on a much more massive level because of their tendency to want to live together.
Humans just get into the territory and get bitten.
Humans just happen to be the most interestin thing in the universe.
Humans just weren t meant to be propelled into the sky in an aluminum canister with wings.
Humans keep on destroying a beautiful home.
Humans kill Chilean flamingos for plumage, food, and for sport.
Humans kill elephant for their tusks.
Humans kill many moles.
Humans kill predators.
Humans kill prey.
Humans kill top predators.
Humans kill vermin.
Humans know agonies and ecstasies, the contrast of shadows and substance, microscopic or jumbo.
Humans know enough to leave behind slightly sub-legal size individuals for next season.
Humans know how to abstract away detail instinctively.
Humans know how to wait, to bide their time until the story is complete.
Humans know only canoes and paddles while the meaning of life is in the water.
Humans know right from wrong.
Humans know that systems are working because they receive feedback.
Humans know the value of pi to over a billion digits.
Humans lack a sense of static-position of the fingers.
Humans lack the sharp front teeth for tearing flesh that are characteristic of carnivores.
Humans laugh mostly during conversation, rather than physical contact.
Humans learn and improve on what each proceeding generation has done.
Humans learn and the more they learn the more they alter their behaviour.
Humans learn best by doing.
Humans learn best, and teach best, when they can think freely.
Humans learn by imitation.
Humans learn by the same principles.
Humans learn how to put on halters.
Humans learn in different ways, different styles, different combinations of ways and styles.
Humans learn in the same way- by constant repetition.
Humans learn much better than animals.
Humans learn through doing.
Humans learn through the five senses.
Humans learn to give and receive true love by learning to make the right choices in life.
Humans learn to grow plants, raise animals, use metals.
Humans learn to relate a mirrored image to themselves at an early age.
Humans leave foot and hand prints in Tibetan plateau.
Humans let dirty water from their houses and factories to flow into rivers and lakes.
Humans like to associate with like dressers, like actors, like thinkers.
Humans like to be led by males that show signs of leadership and strength.
Humans like to be sniffed.
Humans like to believe that life is a very complex issue.
Humans like to congregate.
Humans like to draw truths from experience.
Humans like to feel in control of their environment.
Humans like to imag ine what they worship.
Humans like to learn.
Humans like to live in floodplains, fertile soil, plenty of water, flat surfaces.
Humans like to see rich people screwing.
Humans like to see something before they believe in it.
Humans like to simplify everything.
Humans like to spend time with other humans.
Humans link up energy and then fight over who is going to control it.
Humans live and die by the same rules as stars and moons.
Humans live and learn and trade under a hundred different suns.
Humans live and learn by stories.
Humans live by myths which take the form of faiths.
Humans live either as slaves or as primitives, in caves, wearing furs and cooking over open fires.
Humans live for bitching about things just because they can.
Humans live for ideals, secular and religious.
Humans live for years.
Humans live here.
Humans live in a middle world, but there are upper and lower worlds as well.
Humans live in a Neolithic style of a bad cave man movie.
Humans live in a storm of stories.
Humans live in a world that is largely maintained and regulated by microorganisms.
Humans live in areas.
Humans live in capital cities.
Humans live in cities.
Humans live in climates.
Humans live in complex societies.
Humans live in different areas of the world.
Humans live in environments.
Humans live in habitats.
Humans live in huge habitats at the depths of the oceans.
Humans live in illusion.
Humans live in impoverished environments and sustain themselves over time, but it's poor quality.
Humans live in isolated pockets throughout the world with no contact among each other.
Humans live in large scale societies.
Humans live in other parts of our vast universe.
Humans live in regions.
Humans live in small outposts that are protected from the phantoms.
Humans live in small, primitive tribes in remote areas of the world.
Humans live in snow leopard habitats.
Humans live in societies.
Humans live in space.
Humans live in states.
Humans live in suburbs.
Humans live in the Arctic region.
Humans live in the forests too.
Humans live in the realm of materiality.
Humans live near the lakes, where they grow healthy crops during the warm months.
Humans live on diets.
Humans live on the islands, make fishermen's camps, and visit as tourists.
Humans live on vegetarian diets.
Humans live their entire lives out only in their minds.
Humans living in desert environments raise sheep and goats.
Humans living in normally disease-free areas are at special risk, because they lack immunity.
Humans locally can be powerful agents of geologic change.
Humans lock their knees with each step.
Humans look at nature.
Humans look at teams that get publicity.
Humans look for blood meals.
Humans look for meals.
Humans look photorealistic and the monsters are sooooo evil looking.
Humans look similar to human beings.
Humans look upon Stonehenge, and imagine the innocent struggling on the table under the knife.
Humans lose hair all the time, and lice and nits travel with that hair.
Humans lose heat mainly through their skin.
Humans lose their humanity in the mob.
Humans love conspiracy.
Humans love drama.
Humans love moral dilemmas .
Humans love Nature and are irresistibly attracted to it.
Humans love the feel of kitty litter between their toes.
Humans love to anthropomorphize, and friendly machines make good characters.
Humans love to be selfish as it seeks to honor self.
Humans love to be sniffed.
Humans love to conquer.
Humans love to find patterns in everything.
Humans love to gossip.
Humans love to jump.
Humans love to laugh so much that there are actually industries built around laughter.
Humans love to learn.
Humans love to try to quantify risk.
Humans love when their pugs do the neck trick.
Humans maintain activities.
Humans make a lot of assumptions based on looks.
Humans make about one liter of saliva a day.
Humans make an observation and infer an underlying ability.
Humans make babies, cats produce kittens and pigeons lay eggs.
Humans make biologically unfit animals.
Humans make changes to stream systems by building dams along the river courses.
Humans make choices.
Humans make contact with aliens after witnessing the arrival of flying saucers from another world.
Humans make deals that are many degrees of subtlety beyond anything on silicon.
Humans make deliberate choices.
Humans make dietary choices.
Humans make effort.
Humans make errors, humans make bad judgements sometimes.
Humans make errors.
Humans make family plan choices.
Humans make faults, faults make victims.
Humans make good pillows.
Humans make great effort.
Humans make illogical decisions.
Humans make it look easy, but to give robots the same basic abilities is a major challenge.
Humans make lenses by grinding glass to a particular shape.
Humans make millenniums.
Humans make mistakes of induction every day all day long.
Humans make mistakes, alas, sometimes fatally.
Humans make mistakes, have bad days, get priorities confused.
Humans make mistakes.
Humans make progress by first making a mistake to the right and then making a mistake to the left.
Humans make sense of the events of the world they inhabit.
Humans make studies and collect data.
Humans make such remorseful gods.
Humans make technology.
Humans make three major forms of interferon.
Humans make use of heat in appliances like oven, dryers, washers, and heaters.
Humans make value judgments based on human values.
Humans make very feeble animals.
Humans manage resources by adding values to natural resources.
Humans manage some grassland by grazing.
Humans manipulate objects by adapting the shape of the hand to that of the target object.
Humans mature in their late teens to early twenties.
Humans mature much slower than do other primates.
Humans mature very slowly in comparison with other species.
Humans maximize their potential through the exercise of basic property rights.
Humans may have health problems.
Humans may have intestines.
Humans may have problems.
Humans mean to cause harm but animals and birds dont.
Humans measure time in many units, most of which are tied to natural phenomena like noon.
Humans meet some needs and wants by using resources found in the natural environment.
Humans merely anchor the tail of the recently much-stretched distribution of brain sizes in mammals.
Humans mess up and hurt one another.
Humans metabolize monosaccharides in the a configuration.
Humans model each other all the time.
Humans model themselves on their parents.
Humans modify aquatic habitats by filling, dredging and damming.
Humans modify the environment.
Humans mount an immune response, primarily by making antibodies to the microbe.
Humans move all the time.
Humans move from place to place.
Humans move into habitats.
Humans move into raccoon habitats.
Humans move into territory.
Humans move more sediment per year than all other processes.
Humans multiply like grains of sand on the shore.
Humans naturally bring a holistic view to the perception of any patterns.
Humans naturally gravitate to concurrent means of expression.
Humans naturally have an appetite for sugary things.
Humans naturally make a judgement about another by the way they look, act, speak etc.
Humans naturally seek new experiences and are curious without needing external rewards.
Humans naturally seek simplicity.
Humans naturally use information to discriminate.
Humans need diets.
Humans need energy.
Humans need oxygen.
Humans need proteins.
Humans need security.
Humans never fail to make their lives infinitely more complicated for themselves.
Humans never learn.
Humans never stay in traditional grooves.
Humans normally act out of self-interest.
Humans normally have no mental states independent of their physiology.
Humans normally have three types of cones.
Humans normally produce only two sets of teeth.
Humans now drink with their right hands.
Humans now have the ability most only dreamed of.
Humans now have the potential to direct life beyond Earth.
Humans now live for thousands of years.
Humans now live uneasily, sometimes unwillingly, with the knowledge of our own role.
Humans now play with cell fire.
Humans now serve as their dormancy mechanism.
Humans now travel in special hovercraft vehicles.
Humans now withdraw annually roughly a quarter to half of all available renewable freshwater.
Humans nurture pride and greed for pomp and power.
Humans obtain algin from algae to help make ice cream, pudding, face cream, and shoe polish.
Humans obtain oxygen through the respiratory system.
Humans obtain their energy from natural resources.
Humans occupy a unique position in the world.
Humans occupy one ordinary branch among a multitude of evolutionary branches.
Humans occupy territory.
Humans only access a fraction of the brain.
Humans only act if they believe their best interests are being served.
Humans only believe they think what Love is.
Humans only have a dim understanding of the true origin and meaning of the moon.
Humans only have a limited amount of energy.
Humans only have minimal contact with surface waters during recreation.
Humans only have one lens in each eye.
Humans only have so many hours in a day, our leaders are only human.
Humans only have two pubis bones.
Humans only live one day in the book.
Humans only reservoir.
Humans only survive in the long term by biotechnology, adaptation, and movement.
Humans only use one fifth the oxygen in air that is inspired.
Humans only wreck the world.
Humans operate there.
Humans operate within the physical world.
Humans operating computers never make mistakes under stress.
Humans organize, and they invent rules.
Humans overexploit the reef environment directly in many ways.
Humans owe much of their physical versatility and athleticism to their flexible limbs and joints.
Humans partake of a spark of the divine.
Humans participate in the process by selectively breeding for specific desirable traits.
Humans pay attention.
Humans perceive and process remote-viewing data differently.
Humans perceive light of different wavelengths as different colors.
Humans perceive smells in an area of the nasal cavity referred to as the olfactory epithelium.
Humans perceive sources and source properties that have consequences for behavior.
Humans perceive vision with a complex lens system in the eye.
Humans percieve much of their world through the sense of vision.
Humans percieve sound levels in a kind of logaritmic way, hence their use in volume pedals.
Humans perfect genetic engineering.
Humans perform measurements.
Humans perform the complex operations required for efficient searching effortlessly.
Humans perform treatments.
Humans pick and choose among many hierarchies.
Humans pick up babies mistakenly thinking they are orphaned.
Humans pick up eggs from the environment.
Humans pick up the disease by swallowing the resting stage of Giardia, the cyst.
Humans pillage the environment and homogenize the forests.
Humans pit dogs against each other in illegal fights.
Humans play a crucial role in their future survival.
Humans play a major role in destroying desert tortoise populations.
Humans play around it, animals drink it.
Humans play crucial roles.
Humans play doctor.
Humans play roles.
Humans play together in Life and they dwell together in Life.
Humans pollute and destroy their habitats.
Humans pollute the air and water.
Humans pose a greater danger to sharks than sharks do to humans.
Humans pose the biggest threat to coyotes.
Humans pose the greatest threat to bats.
Humans pose the greatest threat to manatees.
Humans pose the most prominent threat to maned wolves through hunting and habitat destruction.
Humans posses far less control over their psyches than they like to admit.
Humans possess a core being of love, vivacity, intelligence, cooperativeness, and curiosity.
Humans possess a highly developed ability to reason directly with diagrammatic representations.
Humans possess a phenomenal technology despite their arrested maturational development.
Humans possess an unusual combination of overdeveloped technology and underdeveloped maturity.
Humans possess both a blessing and a curse.
Humans possess canine teeth.
Humans possess grind teeth.
Humans possess more than just the language instinct in their communication.
Humans possess rational souls , which allow for nutrition, reproduction, sensation, and reason.
Humans possess tear ducts on the edge of the eyelid.
Humans possess teeth.
Humans prefer architecture that's similar to a forest canopy.
Humans prefer clean muzzles.
Humans prefer clean tongues.
Humans prefer to believe in anything rather than nothing.
Humans present other threats to the turtles, too.
Humans present themselves in two distinct forms with variation in between.
Humans presenting with meningococcal meningitis are the predominant carriers of the organisms.
Humans primp and preen just as much as peacocks.
Humans process visual sensations quickly and efficiently.
Humans produce a great variety of solid, liquid and gaseous wastes.
Humans produce bile.
Humans produce carbon dioxide through respiration.
Humans produce children.
Humans produce energy from glucose, which in turn is derived from our foods.
Humans produce five times more melatonin at night then during the day.
Humans produce it as carbon dioxide, the most abundant heat-trapping greenhouse gas.
Humans produce most of the existing plutonium, in special nuclear reactors.
Humans produce offspring.
Humans produce only one type of hair, each strand from an individual follicle.
Humans produce prolactin.
Humans produce relatively few offspring compared to most other species.
Humans produce their children through sexually reproduction.
Humans produce thousands of proteins, each with a distinct function and shape.
Humans produce Vitamin D in their skin following exposure to ultraviolet light.
Humans profoundly affect biodiversity.
Humans protect integrity.
Humans provide a more or less uniform environment and enough care to make sure crops survive.
Humans provide an example of the former, while seahorses provide an example of the latter.
Humans provide familiar models to study the mammalian processes.
Humans provide the easiest modes of transportation for the beetles.
Humans provide the motive power.
Humans pump water out, can cause aquifer depletion.
Humans pursue wholeness by pursuing an endless stream of supplements make themselves complete.
Humans push, tug, and thump the trestle.
Humans raid the cone caches for seeds to be used in planting nursery trees.
Humans raise animals.
Humans raise awareness.
Humans rapidly lose heat in cold water and can die in a matter of minutes.
Humans reach maturity.
Humans reach potential.
Humans reach sexual maturity.
Humans reach Solomon Islands and Japan.
Humans react both consciously and unconsciously to the area in which they live and work.
Humans react to new diseases the same way.
Humans react to stress and abuse, just like other animals.
Humans react violently to the presence of the metahuman races in their midst.
Humans read all requests.
Humans readily learn responses that merely have a desired effect or that bring a goal closer.
Humans realize their highest purpose in the cultivation of holiness.
Humans Really Are Different.
Humans really are funny creatures.
Humans really know very little, and thus most human judgements are wrong.
Humans really seem to be more affected by poetry than prose.
Humans recall material better if they can store the information in the form of visual images.
Humans receive antibodies.
Humans receive half of their DNA from each parent.
Humans receive maternal antibodies.
Humans receive vaccines.
Humans reckon time by celestial bodies.
Humans recognise each other's faces.
Humans recognize each other by sight and sometimes by sound.
Humans recognize each other's faces.
Humans recognize patterns, such as other human faces, much better than computers.
Humans record it, shape it, reshape it.
Humans redirect their resources extensively to rebuild their environments.
Humans reduce pyruvate to lactic acid in lactic acid fermentation.
Humans relate strongly to plots with a beginning, middle and end.
Humans relate to human space flight.
Humans relate to one another in couples, families, groups, organizations, and communities.
Humans relate to pain whereas animals react to pain.
Humans relate to pain.
Humans release carbon that has been sequestered deep in the earth by burning fossil fuels.
Humans release radium into the environment by burning coal and other fuels.
Humans rely heavily on crustaceans for food.
Humans rely on ecosystem diversity for many reasons.
Humans rely on ecosystem services.
Humans rely on ecosystems for food, water and shelter.
Humans rely on light.
Humans rely on optic flow cues to sense their direction of self-movement, or heading.
Humans rely on rainforests for food, medicines, and lumber.
Humans rely on the natural world for food and new curative drugs.
Humans rely on the rainforest for food, cures, toxins, and lumber.
Humans rely on water to sustain their agricultural crops .
Humans rely only on themselves , so of course they invent warp drive independantly.
Humans rely primarily on sight to detect grizzlies from a safe distance.
Humans remain amazingly immature, despite their rapid technological and scientific advances.
Humans remain civilized but are now an endangered species.
Humans remain stagnant.
Humans remain the major predator of beavers.
Humans remain the primary systems operators.
Humans remember and reminisce.
Humans remember names, but computers work with numbers.
Humans report intense abdominal pain and cramping from giardiasis.
Humans represent a sizeable investment in education.
Humans represent the biggest threat to indigo snakes.
Humans represent the end product of evolution.
Humans reproduce only by finding other humans as mates.
Humans reproduce sexually, which increases the amount of genetic diversity within the species.
Humans require a minimum of one gallon of water per person per day.
Humans require a past.
Humans require a sophisticated response to errors.
Humans require adjustment.
Humans require energy and their energy is obtained from food.
Humans require energy to support life processes, like all other organisms.
Humans require food yet ingest poisons even while eating the most natural of foods.
Humans require food, water, and living space in order to survive.
Humans require investigations.
Humans require land for habitation, industry, and agriculture.
Humans require linoleic acid to make membranes.
Humans require medical treatments.
Humans require physical interaction.
Humans require time to adjust to change.
Humans require treatments.
Humans require water from other places, electricity, sewers, dumps, and many roads.
Humans require water with few impurities.
Humans reside on Earth as a member of one of the systems, which make up the Earth's environment.
Humans resist and fight change.
Humans resist change.
Humans respond in a similar way.
Humans respond well to good example and good teaching.
Humans retain dioxins in their fatty tissue through both meat and dairy consumption.
Humans retain lots of instinctual savvy.
Humans retain much, much more information and can use it much, much better if it is organized.
Humans revert to savagery, men become macho hunter-killer types, and so forth.
Humans review and decide what gets in.
Humans ride the tides of time like surfers in a storm.
Humans rise to expectations and operate at their optimum when challenged.
Humans rule over fish, birds, and beasts.
Humans run amuck without effective self-control and values.
Humans run for cover.
Humans run from danger.
Humans run from near zero goodness to maybe forty percent goodness.
Humans say that time passes.
Humans say, evolved along a pathway maximizing adaptation to bipedal life on the plains of Africa.
Humans scream in fear.
Humans search for meaning, comprehend through stories.
Humans search out regularities in natural events.
Humans see birds.
Humans see by using their eyes .
Humans see doctors.
Humans see earth.
Humans see fire.
Humans see in a spectrum that extends from violet to red.
Humans see light.
Humans see more shades of green than any other color.
Humans see only a tiny slice of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Humans see the big picture.
Humans see the world differently than most other animals.
Humans see with our eyes.
Humans see, humans do.
Humans seek connection.
Humans seek out and consume many types of foods.
Humans seek some aesthetic stimulation in their environments.
Humans seek the frontiers of creativity, the highest reaches of consciousness and wisdom.
Humans seem driven by the urge to be known, recognized, understood, appreciated.
Humans seem driven to explain phenomena.
Humans seem inherently religious.
Humans seem naturally inclined to use time to remember and celebrate the past.
Humans seem to acquire language in a manner different from other types of behavioral learning.
Humans seem to be able to do well at both technology and magick.
Humans seem to be able to sense at least eight forms of energy.
Humans seem to be learning that less toxic methods of insect control often work best.
Humans seem to be the reservoir of that bacterium.
Humans seem to demand that monsters exist.
Humans seem to fight death for one reason or another.
Humans seem to go into a 'killing frenzy' hell-bent on revenge.
Humans seem to have a hard time getting their act together to solve complex problems.
Humans seem to have a tendency to take what they see and put it in boxes, the smaller the better.
Humans seem to have overcome much of their tendency toward territoriality.
Humans seem to instinctively form organized groups.
Humans seem to lose their minds when it comes to educating animals.
Humans seem to prefer action statements and assertions of initiative.
Humans seem to progress in stages in their learning capabilities.
Humans seem to seek out an optimal level of stress.
Humans seem to use a number of heuristics, rather than actual logic.
Humans seem unable to resist the urge to classify.
Humans seems to be much more resistent to the toxicological and carcinogenic properties of dioxins.
Humans serve as hosts.
Humans set fires accidentally but also purposely, for example, to manage a landscape.
Humans share a great deal with other primates, yet the differences are profound.
Humans share amino acid homology.
Humans share ancestors.
Humans share benefits.
Humans share common ancestors.
Humans share earth.
Humans share female ancestors.
Humans share genetic ancestors.
Humans share genetic materials.
Humans share homology.
Humans share knowledge.
Humans share many biological characteristics with mice.
Humans share many similarity.
Humans share materials.
Humans share more derived characters with chimpanzees than with any other living animal.
Humans share nearly all of their DNA with lesser animals.
Humans share over sixty diseases with dogs.
Humans share recent common ancestors.
Humans share similarity.
Humans share single female ancestors.
Humans shine when events become unconventional.
Humans show a range of emotions from the earliest days of life.
Humans show a tendency to prefer exotic explanations of their own functioning.
Humans show a wide range of emotions and can become very distinct.
Humans show capability.
Humans show curiosity through their whole life.
Humans show emotion.
Humans show irritant reaction.
Humans show little variation compared to great apes.
Humans show love by cooking.
Humans show reaction.
Humans show specific behaviors because there is a benefit to doing so.
Humans simply can ask for directions.
Humans simply refuse to assimilate an idea which is strange and alien and objectionable.
Humans simply struggle with nature for the satisfaction of man s needs.
Humans sit high up on the ladder, above all other ani- mals.
Humans sit on shore watching nature strain to survive.
Humans sleep much less.
Humans snap to attention.
Humans sneeze the same way and for many of the same reasons.
Humans snoop around when Gusto's invention backfires.
Humans speculate on the origin of comets.
Humans spend a comparable time socializing, albeit more through talking than grooming.
Humans spend close to a third of their lives asleep.
Humans spend one-third of their lives asleep, but sleep's purpose is poorly understood.
Humans spend their entire lives in social groups of various sizes and types.
Humans spout blood, and actually end up in slightly different positions when dead.
Humans spread early to Asia.
Humans spread many seeds intentionally by planting gardens.
Humans stand alone, however, in terms of their colossal impact across the surface of the globe.
Humans stand at a curious position at the end of the twentieth century.
Humans stand out as foundlings who apparently achieved sentience on their own.
Humans stand upright and walk on two legs.
Humans start a war against the octospiders.
Humans start digesting food in the mouth .
Humans start digesting food in the mouth.
Humans start most wildfires.
Humans start with a very weak disposition that are then fashioned fully as the person grows.
Humans start with basic weapons, and can learn magic.
Humans starve while republicans bloat.
Humans stay for free.
Humans stay in marriage as long as the rewards are high and the cost is low.
Humans stay out of sight and speak only in whispers.
Humans still kill or isolate other humans for being too sexually different.
Humans still obey their body wisdom about varying their meals.
Humans still say that to each other, still threaten, force and intimidate.
Humans still suffer addictions and homelessness.
Humans stop growing at adulthood.
Humans store dioxin forever in our bodies, except for nursing mothers.
Humans store their treasures in houses and closets.
Humans strike deals all of the time.
Humans strip the rainforests for uses including logging and cattle ranching.
Humans strive frantically to prolong life and overcome death's power.
Humans structure the landscape for their purposes, and landscapes constrain human activities.
Humans struggle with beginnings and endings.
Humans study the interesting behaviors and the many songs of northern mockingbirds.
Humans succumb primarily to their lung disease however other organ systems are usually involved.
Humans suffer all the time.
Humans suffer consequences.
Humans suffer effects.
Humans suffer from conditions.
Humans suffer health consequences.
Humans suffer severe consequences.
Humans suffer severe health consequences.
Humans suffer systemic effects.
Humans suffer when attempting a deep dive and the dive can become fatal.
Humans survive by their wits and thus their brain takes longer to develop.
Humans survive in habitats.
Humans sweat to get rid of excess body heat.
Humans sweat to stay cool, so do plants.
Humans take actions.
Humans take all kinds of mental short cuts.
Humans take common sense for granted.
Humans take culture for granted.
Humans take hits too.
Humans take in oxygen, food and water, and expel carbon dioxide and organic waste.
Humans take into account only the cost of pumping, processing, and distributing oil.
Humans take into account the content and context of a problem.
Humans take nature far too lightly.
Humans take necessary steps.
Humans take over Earth.
Humans take over environments.
Humans take over habitats.
Humans take over locations.
Humans take precedence over dumb statistical ramblers.
Humans take specific traits to benefit themselves.
Humans take steps.
Humans take up regions.
Humans take years to do so.
Humans take years, tadpoles take weeks, and insects can reach adulthood in about one day.
Humans talk in qualitative terms for normal conversation.
Humans tap the trees in the late winter to gather sap to make maple syrup.
Humans taste like chicken.
Humans tell stories to make sense of the world.
Humans tend to be a big threat to Lizards in a variety of ways.
Humans tend to be a cleaner species.
Humans tend to be very possessive about intelligence.
Humans tend to believe that their lives are more valuable than the existence of rocks and coins.
Humans tend to do anything that is possible.
Humans tend to find a computer-averaged face more attractive.
Humans tend to forget things and misremember things over the years.
Humans tend to foveation at corners and edges.
Humans tend to get freaky when an angel shows up.
Humans tend to go to areas where fossils are easy to acquire.
Humans tend to hang out with others like themselves.
Humans tend to have strong odor reactions to sulfurous compounds.
Humans tend to learn by taking information into their brains through their five senses.
Humans tend to like to categorize things - relationships included.
Humans tend to look at the outside . . .
Humans tend to perceive that material that is separated from other material as different.
Humans tend to place a problem on the semantic level that that they find most comfortable.
Humans tend to put the body weight on one leg when standing for longer times.
Humans tend to respond in kind to how they are treated by others.
Humans tend to respond to the urgent rather than the ultimate.
Humans tend to see earthquakes as scary events for a while.
Humans tend to think and to communicate at such an incredibly slow pace.
Humans tend to think metaphorically, and it is an enormous strength.
Humans tend to turn to certain sources again and again, and ignore or forget others.
Humans tend to use a combination of predicate logic and fuzzy logic .
Humans tend to use a combination of predicate logic and fuzzy logic.
Humans tend to use the decimal system .
Humans tend to use the decimal system.
Humans tend toward growth and love.
Humans tending to clear vegetation where they live, mudslides become a very important factor.
Humans then become infected when they care for or slaughter the animals.
Humans then become powerless and vulnerable to whatever nature has become.
Humans think and learn.
Humans think anything they like.
Humans think of taste as a food related sense, but it is far more.
Humans think slowly.
Humans think they are the only species that has any right to habitat.
Humans think they're entitled to special consideration simply because they're human.
Humans thirst for the old and used, while transforming trash into fash.
Humans threaten loggerheads indirectly by altering and destroying their habitat.
Humans threaten sharks and their migration success in several ways.
Humans thrive on positive reinforcement.
Humans thrive on stress because it makes life more interesting.
Humans throw trash in ponds, lakes, rivers, and even oceans.
Humans thus become an accidental host for the disease when exposed to the lice.
Humans thus have an inconsistent policy where animals are concerned.
Humans tie a rope to the mountain and attach the other end to the harness they wear .
Humans tie a rope to the mountain and attach the other end to the harness they wear.
Humans to adapt to climates.
Humans to adapt to conditions.
Humans to adapt to vary conditions.
Humans to adapt to vary weather conditions.
Humans to adapt to weather conditions.
Humans to consume food.
Humans to consume meat.
Humans to consume plant food.
Humans to eat meat.
Humans to eat raw meat.
Humans to perform services.
Humans to read information.
Humans to understand concepts.
Humans to understand impact.
Humans tolerate acids well, internally.
Humans too are modular structures of energy and information that interface over the Internet.
Humans too can contract or inherit many, many ailments.
Humans too pose threat to the okapis.
Humans trade freedom, the right to do whatever they wish, for security.
Humans transport seed on boots, clothing, hair, by mowing, in automobiles and trains.
Humans trap foxes.
Humans trap thousands of ermine each season, but the demand for pelts has recently decreased.
Humans trap thousands of ermine each season, but the demand for pelts has recently lessened.
Humans travel and get everywhere by every means.
Humans travel to places.
Humans traveling through the refuge can disrupt wildlife feeding and nesting activities.
Humans treat animals.
Humans treat motion as though it stood alone, outside of all other factors.
Humans truly are thin-skinned creatures.
Humans try many ways to prevent or slow down beach erosion.
Humans turn information into knowledge by reasoning and logic.
Humans turn their media to their own ends, declares The Soft Edge .
Humans type in comments and bots display responses.
Humans typically consume several micrograms of thulium per year.
Humans typically have two kidneys located in the lower back on either side of the spinal column.
Humans typically sleep at night and are awake in the daytime.
Humans ultimately screen the results and winnow out the chaff before reports are sent to clients.
Humans undergo a similar cycle called the menstrual cycle.
Humans undergo cellular respiration.
Humans undergo evolution.
Humans undergo rapid evolution.
Humans undergo respiration.
Humans understand expression.
Humans understand facial expression.
Humans understand information.
Humans understand the primary cognitive elements of space by the time they are three.
Humans understand the universe in terms of patterns.
Humans understand words and letters, computers understand numbers.
Humans Unite The overriding message of the day.
Humans use a hammer or strong nutcracker for the same job.
Humans use a number of cues from visual stimuli in order to arrive at depth perception.
Humans use a wide variety of tools, however, and attach much importance to hairdressing.
Humans use an enormous amount of water.
Humans use and consume natural resources.
Humans use animal cruelty to gain a profit and eat high on the hog so to speak.
Humans use approaches.
Humans use available materials.
Humans use bacteria and molds for ripening cheese.
Humans use billions of tons of it each year.
Humans use both eyes to see a single image.
Humans use crampons, sharp spiked attachments on the bottom of their boots, to climb up ice.
Humans use disinfectants to compete with pathenogenic microorganisms.
Humans use education and teaching to pass on skills , ideas and customs to the next generations .
Humans use education and teaching to pass on skills, ideas and customs to the next generations.
Humans use elaborate mechanisms in the processes of brain development.
Humans use energy.
Humans use energy.
Humans use evaporation of water, sweat, to cool their bodies.
Humans use feedback.
Humans use food to generate body heat.
Humans use fungi for food preparation or preservation and other purposes.
Humans use fungi for food.
Humans use hammers.
Humans use hands.
Humans use hiking boots and vehicles to travel over rough areas.
Humans use ice.
Humans use intertidal regions for food and recreation.
Humans use it for many things, such as cookware, glass, concrete, computer chips and glue.
Humans use it on stop signs, emergency vehicles, and railroad crossings.
Humans use ivory from the tusks for carving.
Humans use knowledge.
Humans use language to communicate.
Humans use language to convey opinion as well as to express facts.
Humans use larynxes.
Humans use lots of pressure, heat, and force to make steel.
Humans use many natural systems as resources.
Humans use materials.
Humans use more technology than any other animal on Earth ever has.
Humans use names to address streams of packets.
Humans use natural language to communicate such needs.
Humans use natural resources for energy to provide food, transportation, and even shelter.
Humans use nickel for many different applications.
Humans use notes.
Humans use parts of other organisms for food and clothing.
Humans use perfumes to mask unpleasant body odors and for sexual allurement.
Humans use pheromones to control insect pests.
Humans use plants for fuel.
Humans use plants.
Humans use power.
Humans use primarily for taste.
Humans use relative size to judge the size of the moon.
Humans use resources.
Humans use rivers and their materials far differently.
Humans use rods for dim light and cones for bright light.
Humans use sclerenchyma fibers to make linen and rope .
Humans use seahorses in many ways.
Humans use sexual reproduction to produce their young.
Humans use sheep for various purposes ever since the dawn of civilization.
Humans use small parts of the site for agricultural farming, fish farming, boating and fishing.
Humans use solar energy.
Humans use spoons every day.
Humans use straw.
Humans use symbols that have meaning.
Humans use symbols to express the meaning they intend.
Humans use technology.
Humans use the honey for many different purposes.
Humans use the larynx to breathe, talk, and swallow.
Humans use the meat, milk, horns and leather.
Humans use the plant energy and nutrients in their own bodies for energy, growth and maintenance.
Humans use the river for transportation, irrigation, tourism and hydropower.
Humans use the stems of some plants, such as celery stalks and broccoli, as food.
Humans use the tusks for jewelry and ivory ornaments.
Humans use their hands for many everyday tasks.
Humans use their hands in exploring environments that have poor or no visibility.
Humans use their lungs to inhale oxygen from the air.
Humans use to think that the sun revolved around the Earth and that the Earth was flat.
Humans use tools far more than any other species.
Humans use tools.
Humans use vast areas of Earth s surface to cultivate their favorite food plants.
Humans use virtual reality systems to pilot unimaginably small machines of seeking and surveillance.
Humans use water for many recreational purposes, as well as for exercising and for sports.
Humans use water.
Humans use wells to get drinking water from aquifers.
Humans use words to pass on what has been learned.
Humans use words, and soft computing attempts to model our sense of words in decision making.
Humans use yeast for many things like making bread rise.
Humans utilize both organic and inorganic selenium compounds.
Humans utilize foods from a variety of sources.
Humans utilize many aspects of nature in our winter rituals.
Humans utilize many environments which vary in the kinds of activities performed within.
Humans utilize principles.
Humans utilize same principles.
Humans value both intellectual and physical attraction.
Humans vary greatly in terms of their productivity under stress.
Humans vary greatly on any anthropometric, and body composition is no exception.
Humans vary in performance under workload and in response to their environment.
Humans vary in the expression of certain behaviors because of variations in their genes.
Humans vary in their attitudes to other species.
Humans vary on psychological traits just as they do on physical ones.
Humans vary phenotypically and genotypically.
Humans venturing into the environment of space can have negative effects on the body.
Humans view the wetlands as a source for there existence.
Humans violently destroy their own civilization.
Humans visit facilities.
Humans walk planigrade but sprint digitigrade.
Humans walk upright.
Humans walk with the opposite arm and leg moving in unison.
Humans wear clothes.
Humans wear layers.
Humans widely use copper.
Humans will have same symptoms.
Humans will have symptoms.
Humans willingly eat poisonous species considered delicacy, such as pufferfishes .
Humans wonder the planet as empty husks, facing a world filled with uncertainty and confusion.
Humans work in sporadic bursts, do a lot, then enjoy the feeling of accomplishment, and rest.
Humans work well together, as long as they have common goals.
Humans write wonderful sonnets to lost love.
Humans yearn for meaningful, rich and impactful lives.
Humans yearn for the excitement of the unknown.
Humans always feel guilty when they possess the works of others, even when given freely.
Humans always have the last laugh, so transmitting the data correctly is the most important thing.
Humans always prefer clean tongues.
Humans always win.
Humans frequently bear a startling resemblance to their dogs.
Humans often allow themselves to be deceived as a way of avoiding threats.
Humans often appreciate the beauty of the natural world.
Humans often are predators of owls though and they have the upper hand.
Humans often assign a parental role to their spirit guides.
Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity .
Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity.
Humans often consider ants to be nuisances.
Humans often develop land that once belonged to birds and animals.
Humans often die when they touch overhead lines.
Humans often dig deep pits when trying to capture or kill large animals.
Humans often display similar behaviors.
Humans often fail to look at the big picture when assessing risks.
Humans often fancy themselves as being dandelions, when in fact they are much more like ants.
Humans often have little freedom in their life choices, due to societal restrictions.
Humans often have multiple sensitivity to metals.
Humans often have to encounter horrible situations such as war, famine, and plague.
Humans often ignore it.
Humans often learn more by attempting, making mistakes, and failing, than any other way.
Humans often live in family-based social structures and create artificial shelter.
Humans often live in family-based social structures.
Humans often make matters worse for themselves by the changes they make in their local environments.
Humans often make mistakes.
Humans often marvel at birdsong, and no one seems to have duplicated the unique musicianship.
Humans often play a role in initiating boom and bust cycles by wiping out the top predator.
Humans often talk nonsense.
Humans often tell lies, but deities never lie.
Humans often turn to wild species to find solutions to medical and agricultural problems.
Humans often use such time to think or worry.
Humans sometimes do criminal things.
Humans sometimes forgive.
Humans sometimes hunt lynx for their beautiful fur.
Humans sometimes introduce new species into an environment by accident.
Humans sometimes restore animals or plants to an area to help re-build food webs.
Humans sometimes seem a nice compromise between animals and machines.
Humans sometimes seem so lonely.
Humans sometimes take eggs to raise for falconry.
Humans usually become infected after swimming in lakes or other bodies of slow-moving fresh water.
Humans usually catch the disease from animals .
Humans usually catch the disease from animals.
Humans usually end up that way as a result of some animal gene.
Humans usually experience it as food poisoning, but in severe cases, it can cause death.
Humans usually fail to find fulfilment in producing children.
Humans usually get it from contact with infected animals, wool, meat or hides.
Humans usually get it in enclosed spaces like a garage or basement they are sweeping out.
Humans usually get the disease by breathing in the bacteria.
Humans usually have no problem getting enough sulfur in their diets.
Humans usually have trouble getting along with other humans.
Humans usually like to repeat what they love.
Humans usually make eye contact to be friendly, folks.
Humans usually produce only one or two offspring at a time.
Humans usually reproduce sexually.
Humans usually sleep at night and do the rest at the midday.
Humans usually take a breath every other stride when their aerobic system is functioning.
Humans usually take two strides per breath.
Humans usually wind up unconscious and twitching a little.
Humans usually yield well-being from supporting services through the other three services.
All human being have failings.
All humans are a complete waste of time.
All humans are a member of the same species.
All humans are animals.
All humans are but a gene or two removed from the primordial slime.
All humans are carnivorous.
All humans are complex.
All humans are cultural creatures, including our ancestors.
All humans are either part visual or part auditory or kinesthetic learners.
All humans are equal in moral status.
All humans are equal.
All humans are evil.
All humans are fallible.
All humans are flawed, including the great.
All humans are flawed, making room for contradictions and errors.
All humans are free and sovereign by nature.
All humans are gatherers and hunters, harvesting the local flora and fauna.
All humans are genocidal despots.
All humans are guilty of it.
All humans are individuals who weave together and thereby accomplish.
All humans are Intuitive.
All humans are mammals and have lungs.
All humans are mammals.
All humans are members of the same species.
All humans are more intelligent than the brightest chimpanzees.
All humans are mortal.
All humans are mortals.
All humans are nervous in the face of difference.
All humans are of superior moral status to non-human animals.
All humans are philosophers.
All humans are resources.
All humans are sadistic, narcissistic, masochistic, bisexual.
All humans are sentient creatures.
All humans are sexual beings.
All humans are sinful.
All humans are sinners by nature and by choice, and, therefore, under condemnation.
All humans are sinners.
All humans are social animals who depend on each other for their mutual survival and their identity.
All humans are social animals.
All humans are spectators to Art in the second dimension.
All humans are susceptible to mushroom toxins.
All humans are the same species.
All humans are virtuous beings endowed with limitless potentials.
All humans are where their own mortality.
All humans are.
All humans begin life in the womb as females.
All humans belong to one of a small number of broad-based haplogroups.
All humans breathe the same air.
All humans classify animals and plants into folk species.
All humans come from the same source.
All humans communicate.
All humans consume resources and produce pollution and waste.
All humans contain trace amounts of tritium and several other naturally occurring radioisotopes.
All humans continue to grow intellectually throughout their lifetimes.
All humans define themselves by looking at history and seeing what they want to be.
All humans deserve love, honor and respect.
All humans deserve love, honour and respect.
All humans die.
All humans do, some more than others.
All humans do.
All humans eat different things.
All humans eat in order to survive, but what they eat depends on their culture.
All humans experience the feelings associated with depression at certain times in life.
All humans face the tension of wanting to connect while needing independence.
All humans fall short of any worthy principle.
All humans fall short of assuring emotions and happiness.
All humans form conclusions about their experiences, people and situations.
All humans hate misery.
All humans have a limited ability to comprehend the totality of what they learn.
All humans have a moral conscience, even corrupted by sin and often ignored.
All humans have a primal urge to give and receive love.
All humans have a redundant hemoglobin gene, however.
All humans have a right to live.
All humans have about the same number of melanocytes.
All humans have an emotional reaction to their interpretation .
All humans have an inherent right to dignity and life.
All humans have basic rights.
All humans have biases.
All humans have brainplugs.
All humans have emotions.
All humans have equal worth and dignity.
All humans have friendly bacteria living in their intestines producing vitamins which they absorb.
All humans have gender.
All humans have greater receptive control than productive control.
All humans have in common the moral model constituted by the originary event.
All humans have knowledge by their experience from birth.
All humans have oxygen in their oral cavity when they breathe.
All humans have roughly the same number of melanocytes.
All humans have some pheomelanin in their hair.
All humans have some propensity to have moments of dissociation.
All humans have temptations.
All humans have the ability to believe.
All humans have the capacity to be shamans, but in the main lack the faith.
All humans have the capacity to suffer.
All humans have the ego-notion.
All humans have the potential to live a life full of meaning .
All humans have the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
All humans have the right to seek opportunity as long as they are responsible for themselves.
All humans have the same basic needs.
All humans have the same needs for love, safety, and commitment.
All humans have the same set of genes.
All humans have the same skin colour.
All humans have the three dosa, although there is always a predominance of one or more dosa.
All humans have wings.
All humans know to invest in technology firms.
All humans learn to speak before they read.
All humans like to overcome finitude.
All humans live in a world of unfairness.
All humans live in the intermediate zone between total life and total death.
All humans make art, whether it's conducting a symphony or matching a blouse and skirt for work.
All humans make laws.
All humans make up sacred words for praise.
All humans now live in a global economy.
All humans possess a language, and there are many ways of representing linguistic knowledge.
All humans possess some ability of magick.
All humans possess the ability to think and act intelligently.
All humans possess the same color, just different amounts of it.
All humans probably have somatic cell mutations in tumor suppressor genes.
All humans reach a saturation point when given a great deal of information all at once.
All humans relate to their environment through symbols and rituals.
All humans require the use of glucose, because of the simple reason that it powers the entire body.
All humans require theuse of glucouse, because of the simple reason that it powers theentire body.
All humans require vitamins in varying amounts depending on the age and gender of the individual.
All humans search for a sense of significance and purpose in life.
All humans seek to create, to grow, to change - it is in our very nature.
All humans share a universal consciousness.
All humans store organochlorines in their fat.
All humans understand that the mothers are meek.
All humans use language to produce models that explain the world.
All humans use their imagination constantly, to daydream, reminisce, and fantasize.
All humans wear some form of dress, whether it is a few beads, or an all-encompassing ensemble.
Any human is a potential host.
Any human is mortal.
Any human speaking with authority is in the first instance a matter of letting oneself be told.
Every human being deserves a chance to be heard, to be loved, to be touched.
Every human being deserves dignity, honor, end respect.
Every human being enters the world possessed with endless existence.
Every human being experiences different sensations for the same physical movement.
Every human being on earth has a spine.
Every human being that there is their heartbeat is right there.
Every human continues to live as a complete person after the death of the body.
Every human deserves freedom of expression.
Every human does something to express their power creatively.
Every human does.
Every human gets four loving hugs a day.
Every human gets it.
Every human has a choice.
Every human has a desire for a god-like state i. wants to be in control in life.
Every human has a different life and set of questions to explore.
Every human has a personal set of conduct.
Every human has a spirit, regardless of their spiritual condition.
Every human has a story to tell.
Every human has a unique capacity to consume and process impurities.
Every human has an animal guardian spirit.
Every human has an intrinsic value which is equal to every other human.
Every human has h's life and how to get out of it.
Every human has the capacity for genius.
Every human has the capacity to make their own decision about what constitutes an reasonable risk.
Every human has the tendency to be influenced.
Every human has three aspects.
Every human has two kidneys.
Every human is a part of the human race.
Every human is a philosopher.
Every human is a talent factory determined only by our interest, beliefs, and behavior.
Every human is a unique individual.
Every human is an artist.
Every human is born a free, sovereign individual, subject only to the laws of the universe.
Every human is capable of making a mistake.
Every human is different.
Every human is formed with a unique genetic structure.
Every human is given the capacity to endeavor and strive and win the reward for doing so.
Every human is guilty of sin.
Every human is mortal.
Every human is prejudiced.
Every human is responsible for determining the rights and wrongs of their own lives.
Every human is unique and different, and psychics are no exception.
Every human is unique.
Every human makes mistakes and every human sin.
Every human needs to be busy and part of a purposeful plan.
Every human needs to feel respected, even the least powerful.
Every human rises up from the masses of men to develop individuality.
Every human runs the risk of losing interest in any relationship.
Many humans are assertive by nature, wanting to pull, poke, and pry.
Many humans are omnivores, as are many birds, and mammals ranging from badgers to chimpanzees.
Many humans are willing to pay a similar price for freedom.
Many humans benefit psychologically and emotionally from animals used for companionship and sport.
Many humans certainly have non-monogamous partners.
Many humans consider rodents as pests and vermin.
Many humans describe it as a coppery taste, a metallic scent.
Many humans die.
Many humans eat three meals a day at spaced intervals.
Many humans exercise a ridiculous notion that they own cats.
Many humans fear snakes, rats, speaking, making mistakes, and other things.
Many humans feed their babies cow's milk formulas, believing it is a good wholesome food.
Many humans have a strong for maps.
Many humans have a weird even fearful attitude towards insects.
Many humans have poor eyesight.
Many humans kill too, or even larger lizards.
Many humans leave tasty goodies in parked cars all over the park, especially in Yosemite Valley.
Many humans live unconsciously.
More humans mean less habitat for manatees and other wildlife.
Most humans absorb only as much iron as the body needs.
Most humans accept the laws of arithmetic and can work calculations.
Most humans accept the sphericity of the earth and the existence of the sun.
Most humans acquire contact.
Most humans acquire infection.
Most humans adapt to climates.
Most humans adapt to conditions.
Most humans adapt to environments.
Most humans adapt to physical environments.
Most humans affect animal behaviour.
Most humans affect behaviour.
Most humans affect life.
Most humans also have the innate ability to become proficient in a martial art.
Most humans alter biospheres.
Most humans alter environments.
Most humans alter habitats.
Most humans alter natural habitats.
Most humans apply labor.
Most humans are able to seek shelter when a hail storm hits.
Most humans are active during the day.
Most humans are descended from ancestors.
Most humans are descended from primate ancestors.
Most humans are ethnocentric.
Most humans are incapable of actually visualizing hyper spaces.
Most humans are just aware of the seen.
Most humans are omnivores and like to eat plant and animal products.
Most humans are omnivores too.
Most humans are omnivores.
Most humans are terrible at calibrating body hydration status by sense of thirst.
Most humans are too busy and noisy to hear the beautiful wind music.
Most humans arrive on scenes.
Most humans assist in care.
Most humans assume roles.
Most humans attain advance ages.
Most humans attain ages.
Most humans avoid surprise.
Most humans become infected in early childhood.
Most humans believe that they are humans.
Most humans believe they are omnivores capable of properly digesting both meat and vegetables.
Most humans bounce between the two.
Most humans bring pets.
Most humans build fences.
Most humans can have big impact.
Most humans can have crops.
Most humans can have devastate effects.
Most humans can have effects.
Most humans can have impact.
Most humans can have major impact.
Most humans can have negative effects.
Most humans can hear relative pitch, that is, how far apart two notes are from each other.
Most humans carry children.
Most humans carry evidence.
Most humans cause destruction.
Most humans cause habitat destruction.
Most humans cause infection.
Most humans cause influenza.
Most humans cause problems.
Most humans cause trouble.
Most humans cause wetland destruction.
Most humans change appearances.
Most humans change behavior.
Most humans change diets.
Most humans change environments.
Most humans choose to eat meat and fish, as well as vegetables.
Most humans come from ancestors.
Most humans come from common ancestors.
Most humans come from different lineage.
Most humans come from different phylogenetic lineage.
Most humans come from lineage.
Most humans come from phylogenetic lineage.
Most humans come in contact.
Most humans come into contact.
Most humans compete for limit resources.
Most humans compete for resources.
Most humans conduct electricity.
Most humans consume animal proteins.
Most humans consume animals.
Most humans consume diets.
Most humans consume fish.
Most humans consume food.
Most humans consume lamb meat.
Most humans consume meat.
Most humans consume milk.
Most humans consume plants.
Most humans consume red meat.
Most humans crave attention and affection.
Most humans create conditions.
Most humans create ethic.
Most humans create structures.
Most humans depend on diets.
Most humans depend on resources.
Most humans derive a sense of well-being from affiliation.
Most humans derive benefits.
Most humans destroy environments.
Most humans destroy habitats.
Most humans destroy natural habitats.
Most humans develop capability.
Most humans develop infection.
Most humans develop infrastructures.
Most humans develop larval infection.
Most humans develop technology.
Most humans devise ways.
Most humans die within months, leaving scattered pockets of humanity in isolated areas.
Most humans digest milk.
Most humans do have empathy for the suffering of at least some animals.
Most humans drink grind water.
Most humans drink water.
Most humans eat animal food.
Most humans eat animals.
Most humans eat corn.
Most humans eat cows.
Most humans eat dairy food.
Most humans eat food.
Most humans eat grain.
Most humans eat meat.
Most humans eat plant food.
Most humans eat plants.
Most humans eat raw meat.
Most humans eat red meat.
Most humans eat seafood.
Most humans eat seeds.
Most humans eat shellfishes.
Most humans eat unhealthy plants.
Most humans eat vegetables.
Most humans endeavor to avoid any association between themselves and the character of a chicken.
Most humans engage in activities.
Most humans engage in behavior.
Most humans engage in sexual behavior.
Most humans enter environments.
Most humans enter forest regions.
Most humans enter habitats.
Most humans enter native habitats.
Most humans enter regions.
Most humans enter territory.
Most humans evolve from apes.
Most humans evolve from chimps.
Most humans evolve from modern apes.
Most humans excrete materials.
Most humans excrete solid waste.
Most humans excrete such materials.
Most humans excrete waste.
Most humans exhibit creative minds.
Most humans exhibit minds.
Most humans experience negative impact.
Most humans experience negative physiological impact.
Most humans experience physiological impact.
Most humans face death.
Most humans fail to realize just how beneficial they are to the environment.
Most humans feel bonds.
Most humans feel emotional bonds.
Most humans find comfort in music, whether they play instruments or listen to others play.
Most humans focus on same tasks.
Most humans focus on tasks.
Most humans follow coastal routes.
Most humans follow diets.
Most humans follow exposure.
Most humans follow patterns.
Most humans follow routes.
Most humans follow vegetarian diets.
Most humans form bonds.
Most humans form pair bonds.
Most humans get contact.
Most humans get diets.
Most humans get food.
Most humans get hands.
Most humans get ill at the thought of doing so.
Most humans get nutrients.
Most humans get power.
Most humans get such close contact.
Most humans get upper hands.
Most humans go through life from appointment to appointment, staring straight ahead.
Most humans go through life.
Most humans have ability.
Most humans have adaptive advantage.
Most humans have advantage.
Most humans have ailment.
Most humans have allergic reaction.
Most humans have ancestors.
Most humans have arrangements.
Most humans have average intelligence.
Most humans have awareness.
Most humans have beliefs.
Most humans have big toes.
Most humans have bones.
Most humans have brain size.
Most humans have brains.
Most humans have breasts.
Most humans have capability.
Most humans have chances.
Most humans have children.
Most humans have common ancestors.
Most humans have common origins.
Most humans have contact.
Most humans have diets.
Most humans have difficult time.
Most humans have diurnal variation.
Most humans have electrical charge.
Most humans have experience.
Most humans have eyes.
Most humans have fear.
Most humans have few genuine friends in their lifetime, and the key word is duration.
Most humans have fingerprints.
Most humans have fingers.
Most humans have first, second, and third molars.
Most humans have flat faces.
Most humans have fluid.
Most humans have glands.
Most humans have great ideas.
Most humans have hands.
Most humans have ideas.
Most humans have impact.
Most humans have infection.
Most humans have instinct.
Most humans have intelligence.
Most humans have intestinal infection.
Most humans have knowledge.
Most humans have life.
Most humans have little impact.
Most humans have mammary glands.
Most humans have minds.
Most humans have monkey brains.
Most humans have narrow noses.
Most humans have natural reaction.
Most humans have negative reaction.
Most humans have noses.
Most humans have only minor reactions to the fungus.
Most humans have only one hair color and one eye color.
Most humans have origins.
Most humans have oxygen.
Most humans have positive impact.
Most humans have power.
Most humans have proteins.
Most humans have rapid variation.
Most humans have reaction.
Most humans have religious beliefs.
Most humans have resources.
Most humans have rights.
Most humans have salt.
Most humans have senses.
Most humans have sensitivity.
Most humans have septa.
Most humans have sex.
Most humans have similar arrangements.
Most humans have size.
Most humans have strategies.
Most humans have tail bones.
Most humans have technology.
Most humans have teeth.
Most humans have time.
Most humans have toes.
Most humans have two arms each , coming out of their body just below the neck .
Most humans have two arms each, coming out of their body just below the neck.
Most humans have two ears, duh.
Most humans have two hands each , usually with four fingers and a thumb .
Most humans have two hands each, usually with four fingers and a thumb.
Most humans have unique ability.
Most humans have unusual ability.
Most humans have variation.
Most humans have wide variation.
Most humans have years.
Most humans hear sound waves.
Most humans hear waves.
Most humans help survival.
Most humans hold babies.
Most humans hunt large mammals.
Most humans increase capacity.
Most humans increase carry capacity.
Most humans invade habitats.
Most humans invade territory.
Most humans just feel like they have the flu, and get over it.
Most humans kill predators.
Most humans kill prey.
Most humans kill top predators.
Most humans kill vermin.
Most humans lack the guts to even consider the option.
Most humans learn from the mistakes of bad judgment.
Most humans like to count things.
Most humans live for years.
Most humans live from their heart down.
Most humans live in areas.
Most humans live in capital cities.
Most humans live in cities.
Most humans live in climates.
Most humans live in complex societies.
Most humans live in environments.
Most humans live in habitats.
Most humans live in large scale societies.
Most humans live in regions.
Most humans live in snow leopard habitats.
Most humans live in societies.
Most humans live in states.
Most humans live in suburbs.
Most humans live on diets.
Most humans live on vegetarian diets.
Most humans live with a constant fear of death.
Most humans live within a certain comfort zone of acceptable behavior.
Most humans look for blood meals.
Most humans look for meals.
Most humans maintain activities.
Most humans make choices.
Most humans make deliberate choices.
Most humans make dietary choices.
Most humans make effort.
Most humans make family plan choices.
Most humans make great effort.
Most humans move into habitats.
Most humans move into raccoon habitats.
Most humans move into territory.
Most humans occupy territory.
Most humans only rasp like that when they have the flu.
Most humans pay attention.
Most humans perform measurements.
Most humans perform treatments.
Most humans play crucial roles.
Most humans play roles.
Most humans possess canine teeth.
Most humans possess grind teeth.
Most humans possess teeth.
Most humans produce bile.
Most humans produce children.
Most humans produce offspring.
Most humans protect integrity.
Most humans provide no sport at all, no game.
Most humans raise animals.
Most humans raise awareness.
Most humans reach maturity.
Most humans reach potential.
Most humans reach sexual maturity.
Most humans receive antibodies.
Most humans receive maternal antibodies.
Most humans receive vaccines.
Most humans rely on light.
Most humans require adjustment.
Most humans require investigations.
Most humans require medical treatments.
Most humans require treatments.
Most humans see birds.
Most humans see doctors.
Most humans see earth.
Most humans see fire.
Most humans see light.
Most humans seek 'effective freedom' and therefore 'effective' information.
Most humans serve as hosts.
Most humans share amino acid homology.
Most humans share ancestors.
Most humans share benefits.
Most humans share common ancestors.
Most humans share earth.
Most humans share female ancestors.
Most humans share genetic ancestors.
Most humans share genetic materials.
Most humans share homology.
Most humans share knowledge.
Most humans share many similarity.
Most humans share materials.
Most humans share recent common ancestors.
Most humans share similarity.
Most humans share single female ancestors.
Most humans show capability.
Most humans show emotion.
Most humans show irritant reaction.
Most humans show reaction.
Most humans suffer consequences.
Most humans suffer effects.
Most humans suffer from conditions.
Most humans suffer health consequences.
Most humans suffer severe consequences.
Most humans suffer severe health consequences.
Most humans suffer systemic effects.
Most humans survive in habitats.
Most humans take actions.
Most humans take necessary steps.
Most humans take over environments.
Most humans take over habitats.
Most humans take over locations.
Most humans take steps.
Most humans take up regions.
Most humans taste like chicken.
Most humans think little of it.
Most humans think of Tennessee Walking Horses as show horses.
Most Humans think that's what they've been doing.
Most humans tie the cord or the bag within easy reach.
Most humans travel to places.
Most humans treat animals.
Most humans undergo cellular respiration.
Most humans undergo evolution.
Most humans undergo rapid evolution.
Most humans undergo respiration.
Most humans understand expression.
Most humans understand facial expression.
Most humans understand information.
Most humans use approaches.
Most humans use energy.
Most humans use feedback.
Most humans use hammers.
Most humans use hands.
Most humans use ice.
Most humans use knowledge.
Most humans use larynxes.
Most humans use materials.
Most humans use notes.
Most humans use plants.
Most humans use power.
Most humans use resources.
Most humans use solar energy.
Most humans use straw.
Most humans use technology.
Most humans use tools.
Most humans use water.
Most humans utilize principles.
Most humans utilize same principles.
Most humans virtually ignore the spiritual realm.
Most humans visit facilities.
Most humans wear layers.
Most humans work hard on trying to appear normal.
Some human always wants to be on top, to dictate and rule a warlike nation.
Some humans act as hosts.
Some humans act as intermediate hosts.
Some humans add carbon dioxide.
Some humans add dioxide.
Some humans affect climates.
Some humans affect evolution.
Some humans also eat armadillos.
Some humans are bitten by centipedes.
Some humans are bitten by snakes.
Some humans are bitten by spiders.
Some humans are bitten by venomous snakes.
Some humans are convinced that one of the sexes has a fundamental right to rule over the other.
Some humans are eaten by animals.
Some humans are harmless, but some are very dangerous.
Some humans are men.
Some humans are more likely to make an IgE response to non-pathogenic antigens, including pollens.
Some humans are selfish and destructive.
Some humans are terrible people.
Some humans ask students.
Some humans avoid contact.
Some humans avoid direct contact.
Some humans become carriers.
Some humans become dominant predators.
Some humans become eat food.
Some humans become facts.
Some humans become food.
Some humans become forces.
Some humans become hosts.
Some humans become important pollinators.
Some humans become intermediate hosts.
Some humans become pollinators.
Some humans become predators.
Some humans become victims.
Some humans believe in life after life.
Some humans believe that the capuchin monkey, are a service animal.
Some humans belong to genus homos.
Some humans belong to homos.
Some humans bring dogs.
Some humans build cities.
Some humans build dams.
Some humans can only see up to blue.
Some humans carry copies.
Some humans cause death.
Some humans cause diseases.
Some humans change climates.
Some humans change local climates.
Some humans collect honey.
Some humans collect seeds.
Some humans consider others on the same plane as the self.
Some humans consider pests.
Some humans consider the porcupine to be the most important mammalian forestry pest.
Some humans contribute to infection.
Some humans control magnetism.
Some humans create air pollution.
Some humans create pollution.
Some humans create reality.
Some humans create trouble.
Some humans destroy areas.
Some humans destroy homes.
Some humans devour the resources of the earth while innumerable others languish in want and despair.
Some humans die from rabies.
Some humans discover fungi.
Some humans do murder.
Some humans do.
Some humans drink milk.
Some humans drink poison.
Some humans eat alligators.
Some humans eat beef.
Some humans eat crabs.
Some humans eat cream.
Some humans eat fish.
Some humans eat freshwater fish.
Some humans eat hamburgers, hotdogs, potato chips, or pork sausage.
Some humans eat hamburgers.
Some humans eat ice cream.
Some humans eat nutrias.
Some humans eat pork.
Some humans eat rabbits.
Some humans eat turtles.
Some humans encourage growth.
Some humans enter areas.
Some humans enter water.
Some humans establish areas.
Some humans establish breeds.
Some humans establish dog breeds.
Some humans establish live areas.
Some humans even drink urine.
Some humans even enjoy their larva as a high protein snack.
Some humans exist which have no technology beyond simple shelters and weapons.
Some humans experience own body weight.
Some humans expose to smoke.
Some humans expose to tobacco smoke.
Some humans fall.
Some humans gather seeds.
Some humans handle frogs.
Some humans have a tendency to lose calcium in their bones as they age.
Some humans have bone structures.
Some humans have caecums.
Some humans have cloacas.
Some humans have copies.
Some humans have degrees.
Some humans have distinct body structures.
Some humans have distinct structures.
Some humans have grain.
Some humans have guns.
Some humans have horns.
Some humans have pairs.
Some humans have physiology.
Some humans have predators.
Some humans have rings.
Some humans have same bone structures.
Some humans have sides.
Some humans have structures.
Some humans have telescopes.
Some humans have tendencies.
Some humans have the strong desire to be able to see such areas.
Some humans have types.
Some humans hunt black panthers.
Some humans hunt sika deer.
Some humans introduce animals.
Some humans introduce dogs.
Some humans introduce mammal predators.
Some humans introduce manatees.
Some humans introduce other animals.
Some humans introduce predators.
Some humans involve oral transmissions.
Some humans involve transmissions.
Some humans kill adults.
Some humans kill animals.
Some humans kill carnivores.
Some humans kill gibbons.
Some humans kill hyenas.
Some humans kill jaguars.
Some humans kill mature animals.
Some humans kill other carnivores.
Some humans kill sloths.
Some humans kill snakes.
Some humans know ethology.
Some humans know of their existence but try to cover it up in an uneasy truce.
Some humans know they can light and briefly burn their farts.
Some humans lack ability.
Some humans leave earth.
Some humans leave pollute earth.
Some humans link to seize the enemies' technology and rescue other humans.
Some humans live in rainforests.
Some humans live in villages.
Some humans lose ability.
Some humans make genetic modification.
Some humans make modification.
Some humans migrate from their evolutionary homeland in Africa.
Some humans monitor animals.
Some humans observe deep ocean floors.
Some humans observe floors.
Some humans observe ocean floors.
Some humans occupy parks.
Some humans own dogs.
Some humans paint paintings.
Some humans paint sunflower paintings.
Some humans participate in sports.
Some humans pose existence.
Some humans rely on meiosis.
Some humans reportedly harvest the fruit to make jam.
Some humans respond to attacks.
Some humans see mills.
Some humans share ancestry.
Some humans share common ancestry.
Some humans share common evolutionary ancestry.
Some humans share evolutionary ancestry.
Some humans show actual results.
Some humans show results.
Some humans sit on floors.
Some humans starve to death.
Some humans stay with partners.
Some humans take advantage.
Some humans take over countrysides.
Some humans take possessions.
Some humans touch marmots.
Some humans use bones.
Some humans use chemicals.
Some humans use fiber.
Some humans use fungi.
Some humans use orange.
Some humans use seeds.
Some humans use squirt bottles and squirt water on the kitties when they scratch.
Some humans watch parks.
Some humans watch tigers.
Some humans work with chimpanzees.
Some humans write in journals.
Some humans write soothing words, to please and console.
Humane considerations are often at stake.
Humane death is a contradiction.
Humane education has significant implications in education as it implies character building.
Humane education is a huge field.
Humane education is critical.
Humane education is more than pet care information.
Humane education is preventative medicine to a world out of balance.
Humane education is the teaching of justice, goodwill, and humanity toward all life.
Humane education offers real hope for the new century.
Humane education promotes respect and kindness toward all humans, all animals and the earth.
Humane education stresses the interdependence of nature.
Humane education takes environmental education a step further.
Humane education takes the spotlight.
Humane education teaches an appreciation of the interrelationships of all living things.
Humane efforts require planning and cooperation, and they take time, but they are well worth it.
Humane emphasis is built in.
Humane euthanasia is available for sick, elderly and injured pets.
Humane euthanasia is readily available form a vet and can usually be done inexpensively.
Many humane groups provide subsidies and referrals for sterilization.
Humane individuals have a major role in preventing all types of animal abuse.
Humane mats are easy to install and virtually maintenance free.
Humane organizations are overwhelmed.
Humane societies promote the betterment of humanity through encouraging kindness.
Humane societies protect animals from people.
Many humane societies have homeless rats available for adoption, so consider checking there first.
Most humane societies do a great job of finding good homes for their strays and surrenders.
Humane training does no harm.
Humane training emphasizes the use of positive reinforcement.
Humane training minimizes the use of aversives.
Humane trap gives mouse a second chance.
Humane traps are also available to rent.
Humane traps are available to borrow.
Humane traps are small cages with doors that close shut as the mouse eats the bait.
Humane trapping is a short-term solution, and never the best option.
Humane treatment is emphasized.
Humane values are the basis of progress in society.
Humane values sustain human excellence.
Humanised pigs grow fast but are blind, impotent and crippled with arthritis.
Humanism values say, seek the honor that comes from men.
A humanism is a doctrine
Humanism can be sacral as well as secular .
Humanism looks to an objective and consistent test for truth.
Humanism puts humanity at the centre of reality.
Humanism responds by taking issue, rather, with the first of the argument's premises.
Humanism stands for that which is exactly opposite the Kingdom of God.
Humanism stands for the open mind in an open society.
Humanism teaches atheism, autonomous man, amorality, evolution and one-world socialism.
Humanisms are doctrines.
Humanism always ends where it starts, namely, with man.
Humanist educators give humanist education under the jurisdiction of the humanist movement.
Humanist ethics are amenable to critical, rational guidance.
Humanist ethics is amenable to critical, rational guidance.
Many humanist leaders are quite open about using the public schools to proselytize their faith.
Humanist leadership is defined pluralistically and inclusively.
Humanist morality is based on concern for human dignity, welfare, happiness and fulfilment.
Humanist mythology survives as figuration in modern space.
Humanist officiants come from a variety of backgrounds.
Humanist publications refer to it as a religion.
A humanist is a student
Humanists also appreciate the happiness and inspiration contact with nature and animals can bring.
Humanists also consider situational ethics.
Humanists are active around the world.
Humanists are advocates.
Humanists are all too eagerly in favor of science.
Humanists are by definition worldly.
Humanists are committed to democracy.
Humanists are committed to meaningfulness when selecting research topics.
Humanists are concerned for the well being of all people, whatever their beliefs.
Humanists are deeply concerned about moral issues, but from a non- religious viewpoint.
Humanists are positive, gaining inspiration from a rich natural world, our lives and culture.
Humanists are scholars.
Humanists are the most positive of humans.
Humanists believe in the theory of evolution.
Humanists believe in using reason and compassion to solve problems.
Humanists believe that all people, all citizens of Earth, exist as a part of nature.
Humanists believe that every person has a conscious choice on what they want to do.
Humanists believe that every person has value, that everyone counts.
Humanists believe that life has a purpose and that every person has dignity and worth.
Humanists believe the meaning of life is to live a life of meaning .
Humanists believe the meaning of life is to live a life of meaning.
Humanists believe there is one best way of solving engineering problems.
Humanists build their work on material that transcends the boundaries of culture and language.
Humanists can do so without becoming technologists.
Humanists connect their personal lives with the life of society.
Humanists consider human experience to be the only source of knowledge and ethics.
Humanists create potentiated spaces in computer environments.
Humanists demand a shared life in a shared world.
Humanists distance themselves from negativity and display a positive, life-affirming outlook.
Humanists emphasize morality a great deal.
Humanists encourage critical examination of all ideas and no concepts are regarded as sacred.
Humanists enthusiastically seek to remake the world in man's image.
Humanists everywhere decry female genital mutilation, and rightly so.
Humanists feel compassionate concern for the entire human family throughout the globe.
Humanists find good reasons elsewhere for caring about and protecting our environment.
Humanists focus on the goodness of people here and now.
Humanists focus upon potentials.
Humanists give two basic responses.
Humanists have no certainty of life by rejecting the sole regulator of principles and creation.
Humanists have no reason to be timid in their claims to pursue the search for truth.
Humanists have so many freedoms.
Humanists hold great value in human nature and values.
Humanists identify a second aspect of human distinctiveness as our creative capacity.
Humanists know that the future of our country rests with our children.
Humanists lie about history so much it defies the imagination.
Humanists look to scientific enquiry, reason and compassion for the solutions to human problems.
Humanists make no claims to possess or have access to supposed transcendent knowledge.
Humanists place their trust in basic human goodness, in human resourcefulness and in human courage.
Humanists recognize that there's another way.
Humanists recognize their kinship with all living beings and fellow humans everywhere.
Humanists reject supernatural, authoritarian, and anti-democratic beliefs and doctrines.
Humanists say that the distinction between the sacred and the secular can no longer be maintained.
Humanists see genetic engineering as detrimental to such ideals.
Humanists share a similar challenge.
Humanists share many goals with the feminist movement.
Humanists speak very dogmatically as if they are right.
Humanists take a very different approach to thinking about such repercussions.
Humanists take an optimistic view of human nature.
Humanists tend to be the most well defined group.
Humanists tend to browse resources more than scientists.
Humanists tend to center their work on named persons.
Humanists tend to emphasize cognitive processes and the reality of being.
Humanists tend to go for dry, intellectual constructions.
Humanists worship themselves.
Humanists often criticize biology as an ideological purveyor of the gender binary.
Humanists sometimes attend some courses.
All humanists support full, factual education.
Any humanist can become a member and each member is entitled to vote.
Many humanists express one of two, apparently contradictory attitudes toward religion.
Most Humanists are atheists or agnostics.
Some humanists also differ from some atheists in their attitude to religion.
Some humanists propose that a spirit is the next step in evolution.
Humanistic approaches are a synthesis of analytic, behavioural, existential models.
Humanistic astrology relies heavily on the signs of the zodiac.
Humanistic discipline is a field
Any humanistic discipline has to deal with facts, with the mechanical as well as the non-mechanical.
Humanistic ethics stands or falls with the natural laws on which it is based.
All humanistic groups are experiential, which means that they are based on experience.
Humanistic law aims at saving man and remaking society.
Humanistic mediation draws on a healing paradigm, as opposed to a problem- solving paradigm.
Humanistic morality is a code of ethics based on the value and quality of human life.
Humanistic psychologists don t just exclude the possibility of stasis either.
Humanistic psychology aims to be faithful to the full range of human experience.
Humanistic psychology emphasizes personal growth and the achievement of human potential.
Humanistic psychology focuses on human potential for mature, healthy growth.
Humanistic psychology is a centering on experience. . .
Humanistic psychology is an approach which stresses the uniqueness of the individual.
Humanistic psychology is directly opposed to the Bible.
Humanistic psychology proceeds on the same assumption.
Humanistic relations stress the human being's point of view.
Humanistic services begin from the assumption of a client whose choice to seek therapy is personal.
Humanistic techniques suit pragmatic, reflective and activist learners.
Humanistic therapies address the phenomenal world.
Humanistic therapy involves bringing out feelings and restoring confidence to the patient.
Humanitarian access remains severely limited.
Humanitarian action can build a bridge between war and peace.
Humanitarian action can buy time and space for political action.
Humanitarian action can convey the impression it's above criticism.
Humanitarian action can have important political, socio-economic and environmental repercussions.
Humanitarian action can save lives, but it can never be a substitute for political action.
Humanitarian action focuses on people and is rights based.
Humanitarian action is focused on the individual.
Humanitarian action is frequently the lowest common denominator on which consensus can be reached.
Humanitarian action is hindered by a variety of factors.
Humanitarian action requires a framework in which to act.
Humanitarian activities continue to be used as a stop-gap measure pending full political solutions.
Humanitarian agencies are closed.
Humanitarian agencies are concerned over the health sector priorities of the Liberian government.
Humanitarian agencies can make a significant contribution to consolidating peace in Angola.
Humanitarian agencies fear negative impacts of Afghanistan sanctions.
Humanitarian agencies manage one amputee s camp in the capital city Freetown.
Humanitarian agencies remain busy today.
Humanitarian aid can only be a temporary measure.
Humanitarian aid increases dependency in an era of market driven forces.
Humanitarian aid is a lottery.
Humanitarian aid is a political factor of power in all disaster and war situations.
Humanitarian aid is a reflection of core American values.
Humanitarian aid is also good public policy.
Humanitarian aid is an ongoing part of our activities.
Humanitarian aid is on the increase as the Russian people struggle under heavy financial hardships.
Humanitarian aid is only a safety net.
Humanitarian aid is only a temporary solution.
Humanitarian aid is unaffected.
Humanitarian Aid SFOR seeking to help the population through aid and projects.
Humanitarian assistance complements the long-term projects.
Humanitarian assistance helps women to protect themselves and their children.
Humanitarian assistance is halted because aid workers are no longer safe.
Humanitarian assistance is only in the event that the government wants to evacuate . . .
Humanitarian assistance is provided to orphanages in Russia and Ukraine.
Humanitarian assistance is unpredictable because it is generally mobilized through ad hoc appeals.
Humanitarian conditions are therefore likely to deteriorate rapidly.
Humanitarian consequences make the sanctions on Iraq untenable.
Humanitarian coordination is extremely important for the success of operations.
Humanitarian crises are almost invariably a result of conflicts.
Humanitarian crises persist in Sierra Leone, Sudan and Somalia.
Humanitarian crises persist in Sierra Leone, Sudan, and Somalia.
Humanitarian deeds can be the source of great happiness.
Humanitarian efforts are noble and commendable.
Many humanitarian emergencies are a result of conflict or war.
Humanitarian engagement is a fundamental precept of the national security strategy.
Humanitarian entrants are eligible to receive a Medicare Card on arrival.
Humanitarian feelings surge to forefront.
Humanitarian intervention has to be well-organized.
Humanitarian intervention is a doctrine susceptible to state abuse and manipulation.
Humanitarian intervention is often complex and the scale unfamiliar.
Humanitarian intervention is the new buzzword in the post-Kosovo world.
Humanitarian law does the same in times of armed conflict.
Humanitarian law obliges the military occupier to respect life and human dignity.
Humanitarian missions can become global, giving their services an added effectiveness.
Humanitarian missions play an ever greater role.
Humanitarian needs are disproportionate in fact to the scale of military conflict.
Humanitarian needs are disproportionate to the scale of military conflict.
Most humanitarian needs stem from conflict.
Humanitarian operations see high turn-overs of staff, security training is essential.
Humanitarian organizations continue their orderly withdrawal from Kosovo.
Humanitarian parole is granted in medical emergencies and similar situations.
Humanitarian programmes function mostly thanks to donations.
Humanitarian relief can also disrupt trade flows by disturbing prices and market supplies.
Humanitarian relief is put in place whenever it's safe to do so.
Humanitarian relief remains a major purpose for U.S. assistance.
Humanitarian residents receive the same social integration benefits as refugees.
Humanitarian service is defined as actions which have helped improve the welfare of humankind.
Humanitarian sources say the rains so far have been satisfactory, particularly in the highlands.
Humanitarian supplies are exempt.
Humanitarian supplies line the streets here.
Humanitarian vision guides our spiritual life within and outside of organized religious practice.
Humanitarian work is visible and lends itself well to the camera.
Much humanitarian work draws on specific skills, from medicine to water engineering.
Humanitarian workers appear to be seen as dispensable.
Humanitarian workers are now in the front lines and often more at risk than military forces.
Humanitarian workers become targets.
Humanitarian workers have only limited options, however.
A humanitarian is a helper
Some humanitarians say that all humanitarian crises are really human rights crises.
A humanitarianism is a doctrine
Humanitarianism also means basic morality indispensable for human being .
Humanitarianism also means basic morality indispensable for human being.
Humanitarianism begins at home.
Humanitarianism has to be smart, effective as well as compassionate.
Humanitarianism is an idea.
Humanitarianism is as old as humanity itself.
Humanitarianism is defined as a concern for the welfare of human beings.
Humanitarianism is the expression of stupidity and cowardice.
Humanitarianisms are doctrines.
Humanities programs empathize with disciplines such as English, foreign languages, and philosophy.
Humanities programs stress critical thinking, provide focus on women, and promote lifelong learning.
Humanities study reflects many aspects of human aspiration and achievement.
Humanities bring moral perspective, moral insight.
Humanities Complete one class in only four of the following five areas.
Humanities computing cites speculative essays on the new field itself.
Humanities consists of branches of learning concerned withsocial and moral thought.
Humanities covers material taught in fine arts and introductory literature survey courses.
Humanities cultivate critical intelligence.
Humanities curriculum discussions.
Humanities emphasizes particularity of experience.
Humanities encompasses literature, history, culture, and communications.
Humanities feels the same way.
Humanities focus grants.
Humanities freshpeople meet their mentors.
Humanities graduates . . .
Humanities has many courses, literature, philosophy, etc.
Humanities help shape a young engineer's judgment and system of values.
Humanities involve the individual in the varied experiences of life.
Humanities involves the study of human culture, character, ideas, expressions and values.
Humanities is a fun, challenging class.
Humanities is a vast discipline that covers art, music, philosophy, history, and literature.
Humanities is about values, imagination, ideas, and debate.
Humanities is an important background for students to have.
Humanities is an integrated in-depth study of key periods of history.
Humanities is an integration of language arts, social arts and science and the fine arts.
Humanities is interpreted very broadly, and the coverage also includes the social sciences.
Humanities is necessary.
Humanities is the study of humans and their environments.
Humanities is the study of the arts and ideas of various cultures.
Humanities offers tracks in American studies, Asian studies, and European studies.
Humanities presents the great literature and philosophy of the ages as a coherent whole.
Humanities press international.
Humanities provide students with a comprehensive body of knowledge and skills.
Humanities provide well rounded students and organizations that are essential in our community.
Humanities requires the on-site teacher to be a certified social studies or humanities teacher.
Humanities teach skills important to the world, as important as the languages of the sciences.
Humanity accepts that fact in almost every phase of life.
Humanity actually has two reputations.
Humanity advances over a path blazed by radicals and stained with their blood.
Humanity already benefits greatly from the genetic heritage of little-known species.
Humanity already has that as a result of a certain episode involving a serpent and a fruit.
Humanity also benefits from knowledge of the aesthetic values of biological diversity.
Humanity appears here as a subject of law.
Humanity becomes a divided body, without a living soul.
Humanity becomes a slave to the system .
Humanity begins at home.
Humanity begins to discover the keys to manifesting the underlying abundance.
Humanity believes that they come from other planets.
Humanity calls for aid.
Humanity can be a cruel and detestable entity.
Humanity can be very charming.
Humanity can do worse things to one another and get away with it.
Humanity can evolve healthily only at a given rate.
Humanity can fathom the idea of a necessary, perfect Being.
Humanity can find perfection in the imperfect, and that is beautiful.
Humanity can often register what other members of humanity are sensing and feeling.
Humanity can only blame itself.
Humanity cares about nothing but itself.
Humanity collectively agrees that the healer is the doer.
Humanity constitutes a subject of conscience, of moral order, of love for our fellow humans.
Humanity creates machine.
Humanity currently utilizes over half the available surface freshwater of the planet.
Humanity currently utilizes over half the available surface freshwater.
Humanity deeply wants to understand itself better.
Humanity demands they are home again soon.
Humanity deserves no less.
Humanity desires lives.
Humanity displays loyalty and service to the gods, who in return give favor and protection.
Humanity does have one home at the moment.
Humanity experiences both, the joy and the sorrow.
Humanity extends itself into the electronic environment, lending itself to electronic organization.
Humanity faces a quantum leap forward.
Humanity faces the choice between a global economy or a planetary society.
Humanity fails and falls, falls and fails.
Humanity falls ever deeper into the pit.
Humanity feels very strongly about tribes.
Humanity finds nothing but what it has imported into the world.
Humanity fixes more nitrogen from the air than is fixed by all natural processes combined.
Humanity goes . . .
Humanity has (part) arms.
Humanity has (part) body hair.
Humanity has (part) body substances.
Humanity has (part) brains.
Humanity has (part) breasts.
Humanity has (part) cell membranes.
Humanity has (part) cells.
Humanity has (part) chest cavities.
Humanity has (part) chests.
Humanity has (part) corpi.
Humanity has (part) cytoplasm.
Humanity has (part) ears.
Humanity has (part) elbows.
Humanity has (part) feet.
Humanity has (part) fingers.
Humanity has (part) hands.
Humanity has (part) human bodies.
Humanity has (part) human heads.
Humanity has (part) legs.
Humanity has (part) material bodies.
Humanity has (part) necks.
Humanity has (part) nuclei.
Humanity has (part) palms.
Humanity has (part) piluses.
Humanity has (part) plasma membranes.
Humanity has (part) rib cages.
Humanity has (part) sections.
Humanity has (part) skulls.
Humanity has (part) soles.
Humanity has (part) sterna.
Humanity has (part) vacuoles.
Humanity has (part) wrists.
Humanity has a built-in sense of 'belonging'.
Humanity has a collective mind.
Humanity has a destiny and an evolution.
Humanity has a funny way of turning itself around when it has to.
Humanity has a great ability to abuse itself as a whole and as individual members.
Humanity has a long history of trying to predict the future by various means, including divination.
Humanity has a problem with visionaries when the vision doesn t conform to traditional concepts.
Humanity has a spirtual dimension.
Humanity has a world view.
Humanity has an amazing inability to plan.
Humanity has an everlasting relationship with technology.
Humanity has keen perception, thus they get an extra crossbow skill.
Humanity has naturaly quested for peace.
Humanity has no better or indeed other hope.
Humanity has no destiny.
Humanity has no goal yet.
Humanity has no goal, no reason, and no purpose, toward which it strives.
Humanity has no other way of perpetuating itself except through the birth of children.
Humanity has no power to regenerate itself.
Humanity has the feeling to be at the start of a new world full of inventions and new theories.
Humanity has the option to make it.
Humanity has the power through focused united invocation, to affect world events.
Humanity has the technology to make our world uninhabitable in a matter of hours.
Humanity has to start somewhere and work from that point.
Humanity has Vision.
Humanity has, well, only humanity.
Humanity honors their champions who hold their heads high.
Humanity indeed suffers under the predominance of the passions over reason.
Humanity is . . .
Humanity is a deep well.
Humanity is a great mystery.
Humanity is a mixed-blood species.
Humanity is a multiplicity of ascending and descending life processes.
Humanity is a oneness.
Humanity is a part of the human soul.
Humanity is a part of the Plan.
Humanity is a piece of the living body.
Humanity is a relatively new but dynamic component in earth ecosystems.
Humanity is a religious creation.
Humanity is a solid waste.
Humanity is a temporary stage along the evolutionary pathway.
Humanity is a unified whole of persons, machines, and knowledge.
Humanity is a victim of such environments.
Humanity is a virus infecting planet Earth.
Humanity is a visionary species, that has produced greatness, and can achieve much more.
Humanity is a weird group of people.
Humanity is a wonderful thing.
Humanity is about a move forward through things.
Humanity is about teamwork.
Humanity is about the respect for one's fellow human being.
Humanity is about to ascend to the next spiritual level.
Humanity is about to destroy itself.
Humanity is about to domesticate the robot.
Humanity is about to step into a new century with the promise of a new life and a new way of being.
Humanity is absurd.
Humanity is again at the edge of barbarism and tyranny.
Humanity is alienated from the inside, lol.
Humanity is always dreadful.
Humanity is always in a state of hearing from another realm, that realm is of spirit.
Humanity is an abomination unto the universe.
Humanity is an inherent part of the universes systems and order.
Humanity is an interlocking community with enormous potential for both good and evil.
Humanity is an intrinsic part of the human being and it is the hope for China.
Humanity is ascendant, but other races are common.
Humanity is at a turning point in time with our technology.
Humanity is at war with a vicious alien race of giant spider-like bugs.
Humanity is Awakening.
Humanity is born free, but is everywhere in shackles.
Humanity is by definition in a flux, especially among developing nations.
Humanity is capable of outdoing itself, when it is given the tools.
Humanity is cleaner and kinder than it was even a few hundred years ago.
Humanity is close to being wiped out.
Humanity is close to total extinction.
Humanity is common to all.
Humanity is conceived of as benevolence and charity.
Humanity is conditioned by desire - good desire, selfish desire, wrong desire, and spiritual desire.
Humanity is connected by something greater than transient emotional states.
Humanity is connected by time and space .
Humanity is corralled and subjugated in horrible conditions.
Humanity is defined.
Humanity is destined and designed to change and for change.
Humanity is divided into four factions based on the cultures of the old Earth nations.
Humanity is divided into three classes.
Humanity is doomed to extinction.
Humanity is doomed.
Humanity is drunk with a sense of absolute sovereignty.
Humanity is elusive, it is diverse, it is vast.
Humanity is encompassed with infirmity.
Humanity is entirely over-rated.
Humanity is faced with an anguishing dilemma.
Humanity is faced with some very critical questions.
Humanity is faced with the daily threat of harm from the use of conventional weapons.
Humanity is filled with the potential for goodness, love, sharing and fairness.
Humanity is forgetful.
Humanity is fully consistent with cruelty,' remarks one character with conviction.
Humanity is given a fresh beginning.
Humanity is highly entertaining.
Humanity is humanity.
Humanity is ill, suffering from the maladies of fear, uncertainty and insecurity.
Humanity is in a very good place, psychologically and Universally.
Humanity is in actions and practice essentially a story-telling animal.
Humanity is in decay.
Humanity is in jeopardy.
Humanity is in the throws of a great initiation.
Humanity is in trouble.
Humanity is indebted to the Christian East for immense treasures.
Humanity is indivisible .
Humanity is indivisible.
Humanity is Indivisible.
Humanity is inherently evil.
Humanity is interesting.
Humanity is international.
Humanity is joined together under a single, popularly-elected world government.
Humanity is just a huge disappointment.
Humanity is just a work in progress.
Humanity is kindness, empathy, rationality, love peace and intelligence.
Humanity is like a lotus pond.
Humanity is like seeds planted in the soil of earthly experience.
Humanity is linked to the solar system in countless ways.
Humanity is lost at sea.
Humanity is made into gods.
Humanity is marked by sin, as any newspaper's woeful catalogue of social catastrophes makes clear.
Humanity is marked by sin.
Humanity is merely a more highly evolved branch of the ape family.
Humanity is miserable in spite of higher production levels and better means of existence.
Humanity is more resilient than that.
Humanity is more than a complex form of existence.
Humanity is nature.
Humanity is neither more intelligent now, nor more capable in thought than in bygone eras.
Humanity is never really interested in one without the other.
Humanity is no different a half-century later.
Humanity is no exception.
Humanity is no longer territorial but planktonic .
Humanity is no more civilized, no more advanced.
Humanity is no more important than any other species.
Humanity is no more than a statistical aberration in a blind uncaring universe.
Humanity is now a dying race.
Humanity is now a global community.
Humanity is now a shared enterprise.
Humanity is now healthier and better fed than ever before.
Humanity is now in the most critical stage of their growth.
Humanity is on a collision course with Earth's life support system.
Humanity is on a long journey of learning itself.
Humanity is on edge and governments appear to be preparing for all out conflict with each other.
Humanity is on the threshold of being annihilated.
Humanity is on the threshold of shutting down the life support systems of the planet.
Humanity is on their own.
Humanity is One Huge Greedy conglomeration.
Humanity is one race.
Humanity is One The material below is copyrighted.
Humanity is one unit in the evolutionary process.
Humanity is one unit.
Humanity is one, and in the holy sanctuary of sympathy saint and sinner meet and unite.
Humanity is one.
Humanity is One.
Humanity is only a part of creation and dependent on it.
Humanity is our common bond.
Humanity is part of a vast evolving universe.
Humanity is part of nature, a species that evolved among other species.
Humanity is poisoned and dragged even lower than it was before.
Humanity is quality
Humanity is ready to step on to a higher rung of the evolutionary ladder.
Humanity is reduced to the level of crabs.
Humanity is responsible for five or six billion tons a year.
Humanity is sacred.
Humanity is said to be essentially rational and an animal with certain physical attributes.
Humanity is set up for the slaughter.
Humanity is simply too stupid for words.
Humanity is sinful by nature.
Humanity is sinful.
Humanity is small.
Humanity is soon to make a spiritual and metaphysical breakout into a new day, a new time and space.
Humanity is spread all over the galaxy.
Humanity is stuck with the printed word, and that s for the better.
Humanity is subject and object of art.
Humanity is subjected to crises of discrimination, leading to right choice.
Humanity is such an animal.
Humanity is taken several decades into the future for a few minutes, and is then brought back.
Humanity is the grand religion.
Humanity is the home team.
Humanity is the iron.
Humanity is the key.
Humanity is the key-note of Bhakti.
Humanity is the kudzu of the animal kingdom.
Humanity is the love that extends through the universe as manifested in man.
Humanity is the most special creation because humans alone have the power to think and reason.
Humanity is the only animal species that walks comfortably on two legs.
Humanity is the perfection of material creation and at the lowest point of spiritual reality.
Humanity is the power.
Humanity is the secret in all acting.
Humanity is the virtue of a woman, generosity of a man.
Humanity is then part of the animal kingdom, and subsequently, all living things on Earth.
Humanity is to evolve the mind for the planet.
Humanity is to nature as our leg is to our body.
Humanity is too big, too ambitious and too imaginative to be confined to one planet.
Humanity is too frail.
Humanity is too temporal.
Humanity is too uncivilized to handle telepathy.
Humanity is totally confused because of MIND .
Humanity is trapped within an endless cycle of rebirth akin to imprisonment.
Humanity is under observation, with a capital 'O'.
Humanity is vulnerable according to the level of food it stores.
Humanity is worth at least that.
Humanity is worth more than a picture of humanity.
Humanity is worth more than tomorrow's stock price.
Humanity is yet again at war with aliens.
Humanity is, at the present time, seeking personal power.
Humanity is, in a sense, an experiment.
Humanity isa group.
Humanity isa human.
Humanity keeps slaves made of other humans infected by the same poison as Gala.
Humanity lies at the center of our hearts.
Humanity lies shattered and broken.
Humanity likes to break things down to divide up the chaos into understandable units.
Humanity likes to see itself as noble.
Humanity likes to see measurable results like attendance charts and charitable donations.
Humanity listens to such teachers deeply, coming to believe that it was in a very bad way.
Humanity lives by one or the other.
Humanity lives on a horizontal plane.
Humanity lives on islands that float in the sky.
Humanity living in settled communities involves a more complex society.
Humanity loses roughly a hundred years of technological advancement overnight.
Humanity loves for a reason and with condition.
Humanity means co-humanity.
Humanity means orienting our policies to serve the needs of man.
Humanity meets the scientific criteria for a single species.
Humanity needs a goal.
Humanity needs a lesson in humility.
Humanity needs a mission statement to guide it's efforts.
Humanity needs a potent, dependable and sustainable energy source.
Humanity needs a wake up call.
Humanity needs every bit of knowledge now to survive.
Humanity needs every single living organism.
Humanity needs no deliverance outside of humanity.
Humanity needs to learn to work as one while respecting individual differences.
Humanity needs wildlife more than the Asian market needs aphrodisiacs.
Humanity now exploits half of earth's productivity and renewable, available freshwater.
Humanity now has the capacity to destroy itself as a species.
Humanity now knows how to embody good and evil.
Humanity now turns towards natural medicines to cure their ailments of artificial life style.
Humanity now turns towards natural medicines to cure their ailments of artificial life styles.
Humanity only begins for man with self-surrender.
Humanity owes the child the best it has to give.
Humanity promises mistakes and blunders, departures from the path of good and right.
Humanity provides our common bond.
Humanity reaches beyond what it is or can do at any given time.
Humanity reaps the harvest.
Humanity relies on change.
Humanity relies on the environment.
Humanity remains the same, but viability changes.
Humanity represents one family springing from one and the same father and mother.
Humanity requires and deserves democratic and transparent forms of government.
Humanity requires dreams to help it contend with the difficulties of everyday life.
Humanity resonating with the sacred cycle is also like a living tree.
Humanity rides the billows of time to the shores of eternity.
Humanity risks itself and the planet to rip apart the pattern.
Humanity searches for meaning to the mystery of existence.
Humanity seeks to shelter itself from the inconvinience of nature.
Humanity seems to be more correct about other things.
Humanity seems to be reaching a critical juncture.
Humanity seems to have been presented with an opportunity, rare in evolution, to do likewise.
Humanity seems to select the right course only after it tried all the wrong ones.
Humanity seems to stand on the brink of greatness.
Humanity serves as a carrier for the Earth's purposes.
Humanity sits before the haunted house of death.
Humanity stands at a defining moment in history.
Humanity stands at the brink of self destruction.
Humanity stands at the final and bloody crossroads between survival and utter destruction.
Humanity stands on the brink of a quantum leap in evolution.
Humanity stands on the threshold of a dream.
Humanity stands on the threshold of Mars.
Humanity stands today at the crossroad between the end of living and the beginning of survival.
Humanity stands today on a precipice.
Humanity still faces the threat.
Humanity still has a way to go.
Humanity strains to lend energy to the cause.
Humanity struggles against the dark side.
Humanity struggles to understand the meaning of life.
Humanity subsists on food, and food is a product of rain.
Humanity suffers and dies.
Humanity suffers from constant craving.
Humanity survives, barely, but is rendered deaf as a species.
Humanity takes off.
Humanity tends to repeat itself.
Humanity touches humanity.
Humanity turns out to a unfallen spiritual beings.
Humanity ventures forth to inhale the balmy spring like air.
Humanity walks ever more heavily on the planet.
Humanity often laughs to save itself from further despair and madness.
Humanity often refers to destiny as inevitable.
All humanity can look forward to the impact of cruise missiles and smart bombs.
All humanity carries deep woundedness and flaws.
All humanity has to be brought back to the path of rightousness.
All humanity is a potentially creative existence.
All humanity is accursed because of sin.
All humanity is blessed in Jesus.
All humanity is called to forgiveness, reconciliation and jubilee .
All humanity is called to forgiveness, reconciliation and jubilee.
All humanity is engaged in preparing for the coming millennium in technology.
All humanity is in two parties under two headings however numerous are their colours and forms.
All humanity is involved in a single process, and all men are brothers.
All humanity is one family.
All humanity is weak, but on the humble recognize that.
All humanity now has the option of becoming enduringly successful.
All humanity now has the option to become enduringly successful.
Some humanity is lost in the transition to electronic wizardry.
Humanized ape looks at humanity.
Humanized environments are the only ones most people know.
Humanized monoclonals are ten percent mouse and ninety percent human.
Humanized monoclonals attempt to solve that problem.
A humankind is a group
A humankind is a man
All humankind has the profoundest disquiet.
All humankind have the right to the fruits of their labors.
All humankind is challenged and called upon to make contributions to the global trust fund.
All humankind is one great flock of sheep and goats now.
Humanly bodies are only a mean for attaining an objective.
Humanoid persona can add an interpersonal touch to the immersive experience.
A humanoid is a golem
Humanoids can get annoyed about being bothered.
Humanoids living so they can service a hunk of tin.
Humanoids prefer the name of grub for their gruel.
Humanoids scrawl odd symbols on windshield etc.
Humanoids take full damage.
Most humanoids are highly susceptible to a blackjack strike on the back of the head.
Humans activities account for about half of the atmospheric sulfur and nitrogen budget.
Humans activities are another important vector for seed dispersal.
Humans activities pose the greatest threat to box turtle survival.
Humans beings are a product of the Earth system Remember .
Humans brains are about three times bigger than in chimpanzees.
Every humans life relies on food to provide daily energy.
Humans milk is for humans.
Humantech engineers have decades of experience solving ergonomic problems in industry.
A humate is a material
Humates are materials.
Humates are people.
Humates are the salt form of humic acids.
Humates are the salts of humic acids, collectively, or the salts of humic acid specifically.
Humates establish a desirable environment for microorganism development.
Humates have a wide range of applications in addition to their use as soil amendments.
Humates play a direct role in determining the production potential of a soil.
All humates are different, just like soils are different.
Humble barbers can become internationally renowned hairdressers.
Humble beauty shines through the cinderblocks.
Humble beginnings Defining the area of coverage is an important step.
Humble citizens are the losers.
Humble herb offers new weapon against cancer.
Humble leaders are servants who wash the feet of others.
Humble men have no difficulty recognizing that women can be more intelligent than they are.
Humble obedience is good, but awareness is better.
Some humble occupations offer good opportunities.
Humble people are down to earth.
Humble people are just enjoyable to be around.
Humble people are visionary team members who look for ways to work together.
Humble people believe each person counts and people are all equal in their journey of life.
Humble people can wait.
Humble perspectives correspond to an advanced level of cognitive and interpersonal development.
Humble pie is our daily fare.
Humble pie tastes better than dirt.
Humble seamstress meets selfish king.
Humble servants are the backbone of any church.
Humble service is a command.
Humble service refocuses life for the disciple who has become the victim of arrogance.
Humble voters go to the polls to cast their votes on candidates and issues.
Humble warrior becomes government agent to avenge sister.
Hume advocates various forms of moderate or mitigated skepticism.
Hume distinguishes ideas from impressions.
Hume only expose it.
Hume proposes however, that custom or habit is the source of such assurance and conclusions.
Humes deftly interweaves patients stories with the debate over medical and ethical questions.
Humes follows the court system and the kids who go through it.
Humes is the recipient of numerous awards.
Humes is the regular education teacher.
Humes rein .
A humectant is a substance
Humectants are a major element in all toothpastes.
Humectants are also extremely effective.
Humectants are compounds that attract and hold moisture into the hair.
Humectants are substances that attract water and include glycol, glycerin, sorbitol, and gelatin.
Humectants Are substances that promote water retention due to their hygroscopicity.
Humectants are substances.
Humectants attract water into the skin, and are useful on unbroken skin but can cause stinging.
Humectants draw moisture into the skin.
Humectants retain natural internal moisture by drawing it from the air.
Humectants stop the toothpaste from solidifying.
Humeral heads articulate with scapulas' glenoid fossas.
A humerus is a long bone
Humeruses powerfully drive toward home plate.
Humic acid can then absorb the proteins in the dead algae, trapping the nitrogen.
Humic acid is a growth stimulant and a chelating agent.
Humic acid is a humic substance
Humic acid is an example of an organic acid in that it is formed from carbon-based compounds.
Humic acid is available in liquid and dry forms from specialty nurseries.
Humic acid is humic substances.
Humic acid is soluble in dilute alkaline solutions, and is precipitated by acidification.
Humic acid is used in a large number of commercially profitable enterprises.
Humic acid stimulates seed germination and viability, and root respiration, formation and growth.
Humic acids are present in all natural water used as sources of drinking water supplies.
Humic acids are present in all natural water used as sources of drinking water.
Humic acids are vital to normal plant growth including pest resistance.
Humic acids can have a direct positive effect on plant growth in a number of ways.
Humic acids contribute to better tilth, water and nutrient retention, and soil aeration.
Humic acids grow more and better tomatos with better flavor and shelf life and at a very low cost.
Humic acids have properties similar to oxidized lignins.
Humic acids increase the protein and mineral contents of most crops.
Humic acids precipitate in acidic solution, but fulvic acids remain soluble.
Humic acids reduce bioaccumulation of some polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons.
Humic acids serve many complex purposes in the soil.
Humic acids work in the low weight fraction on the cellular level.
Humic matter is extracted and then diluted.
Humic shale is a humate
Humic shale is humates.
Humic shale is like the floor of a forest, very compacted dry leaves and sticks.
Humic shale is like the floor of a forest,very compacted dry leaves and sticks.
Humic shale is shale
Humic shale is shale.
A humic substance is an organic compound
Humic substance increases aeration of the soil.
Humic substances are brown polymers in the soil made from the remnants of organic matter.
Humic substances are organic compounds.
Humic substances are very complex and are different depending on conditions and minerals available.
Humic substances can chelate metals, especially humic acids known as fulvic acids.
Humic substances produce thicker, greener, and healthier crops.
Humic substances work for many reasons, depending on soil and environmental conditions .
Humid air can produce lower base clouds and temperate areas can produce higher base clouds.
Humid air can promote houseburn, sweat, and mold.
Humid air contains airborne particles.
Humid air contains more moisture than dry air.
Humid air contains particles.
Humid air hits the cold glass, and water droplets form on dust particles.
Humid air is actually lighter than dry air.
Humid air is les dense which in turn gives the bullet less lift.
Humid air rises because it is lighter than dry air, and is the cause of the updrafts.
Humid air weighs less than dry air at the same temperature and pressure.
Most humid air contains airborne particles.
Most humid air contains particles.
Humid areas experience storms.
Humid areas experience strong storms.
Humid areas play an important ecological role in nature wherever they are.
More humid areas deflect heat in clouds, water and vegetation, remaining cooler.
More humid areas have woods of palm trees, specially carnaubeira.
Most humid areas experience strong storms.
Humid climates promote growth.
Most humid climates promote growth.
Humid conditions lead to growth.
Most humid conditions lead to growth.
Humid days are fairly limited.
Humid days are still hell.
Humid environments decrease the degree to which sweat vaporizes.
Humid environments provide humidity.
Most humid environments provide humidity.
Humid lust is balanced by online discussions and interviews.
Humidity control is also expensive and can cause corrosion or other adverse side effects.
Humidity control is an important consideration for laboratory rodents.
Humidity control is highly recommended.
Humidity control is standard.
Humidity control is to be provided for all areas.
Humidity indicator is included.
Humidity level can be very high in the summers and can make one s life difficult.
Humidity levels are high, and there is more continuous cloud cover.
Humidity levels are low.
Humidity levels are very important to the survival of hermit crabs.
Humidity levels are very low.
Humidity levels exert a greater effect on energy requirements than do absolute ambient temperatures.
Humidity levels vary with the temperature of the air.
Some humidity levels have effects.
Some humidity levels have significant effects.
Some humidity levels result in death.
Humidity meters are widely available from laboratory and instrument supply companies.
Humidity actually has many applications.
Humidity affects a fire by changing how dry the fuel is.
Humidity affects air density.
Humidity affects air quality.
Humidity affects comfort in the home.
Humidity affects density.
Humidity affects functions.
Humidity affects galvanic corrosion.
Humidity affects how comfortable the air temperature feels.
Humidity affects indoor air quality.
Humidity affects jetting too.
Humidity affects quality.
Humidity affects the amount.
Humidity affects the drying time of all paints, but especially latexes.
Humidity affects the fit.
Humidity affects the rate at which fuel dries.
Humidity affects the rate at which the body loses heat by evaporation.
Humidity affects the rate of evaporation .
Humidity affects the rate of evaporation.
Humidity affects weather a great deal and is important for weather forecasting.
Humidity also acts to cut down on static electricity.
Humidity also affects the release of formaldehyde from the product.
Humidity also helps considerably with the shedding process.
Humidity also is a major concern.
Humidity also is sensed and controlled automatically.
Humidity also loosens secretions present in the trachea.
Humidity also plays a factor in heat stroke and heat exhaustion.
Humidity also plays a role in plant resin production.
Humidity also plays a significant part in heat stress.
Humidity breeds spoilage in dry onions.
Humidity can affect the amount of flour or water called for in a recipe.
Humidity can also be a problem for film stored in an ice chest.
Humidity can also be a problem, because it promotes the growth of mold and mildew.
Humidity can also destroy paper.
Humidity can be a problem.
Humidity can be as low as the single digits.
Humidity can be high any season.
Humidity can be high at times.
Humidity can cause a tablet to become moist and powdery.
Humidity can cause hardwood floors to bulge up away from the subfloor.
Humidity can cause materials to become mouldy.
Humidity can cause the picture to stick to the glass if it touches it.
Humidity can help, too.
Humidity can lead to mold and mildew.
Humidity can significantly increase the effect of pollution on visibility.
Humidity can sometimes be high but is often tempered by the cool sea breezes.
Humidity causes condensation.
Humidity causes paper jams in copiers.
Humidity changes at ground level and dehydration appear to be the most likely factors involved.
Humidity changes in the weather can make it stick or stutter.
Humidity changes the resonance of drums of rawhide.
Humidity comes closest in the weather realm to lust.
Humidity declines, leaving the air clear and splendidly fragrant.
Humidity decreases the convective stability of the air.
Humidity decreases with altitude.
Humidity depends on air temperature.
Humidity depends on current air temperature.
Humidity depends on temperature.
Humidity diminishes as one moves from north to south.
Humidity diminishes the speed of sweat evaporation, which is a horse's primary cooling mechanism.
Humidity directly affects the ability of the body to regulate internal heat through perspiration.
Humidity dissipates static because the microscopic water droplets act as ionizing agents.
Humidity encourages mold growth.
Humidity has a deteriorating affect on some furniture.
Humidity has a lifelong effect on paper, causing it to expand and contract.
Humidity has a minimal effect on the performance.
Humidity has effects.
Humidity has no effect on the aging.
Humidity has opposite effects.
Humidity has significant effects.
Humidity has to be high and light half shade.
Humidity increases at night, which can cause the fire to go out in spots.
Humidity increases because of the sweat and the exhaled air.
Humidity increases while temperature decreases with altitude.
Humidity indicates the likelihood of precipitation , dew , or fog .
Humidity influences evaporation.
Humidity influences transpiration and the ability of a plant to cool itself.
Humidity interacts most strongly with salinity effects.
Humidity interferes with an animal's ability to rid themselves of excess body heat.
Humidity interferes with animals' ability to rid themselves of excess body heat.
Humidity is a big help in producing fresh looking plants.
Humidity is a condition
Humidity is a description of the amount of water vapor in air.
Humidity is a factor affecting the activity of adult mosquitoes.
Humidity is a factor.
Humidity is a little trickier, but it is safe to say that most homes have low humidity indoors.
Humidity is a little trickier, however it is safe to say that most homes have low humidity indoors.
Humidity is a measure of amount of water vapor in the atmosphere.
Humidity is a measure of how much water is in the atmosphere.
Humidity is a measure of how much water vapor is held in the air.
Humidity is a measure of moisture content of air.
Humidity is a measure of the amount of invisible water vapor in the air.
Humidity is a measure of the amount of moisture in the atmosphere.
Humidity is a measure of the amount of water in the air.
Humidity is a measure of the amount of water vapor - an invisible gas.
Humidity is a measure of the amount of water vapor contained in the air.
Humidity is a measure of the amount of water vapor in the air.
Humidity is a measure of the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere.
Humidity is a measure of the degree of water vapor saturation in the air.
Humidity is a problem in many areas.
Humidity is a very important factor in preserving wine.
Humidity is a. the same percentage as that for rain probability.
Humidity is added with a spray bottle.
Humidity is adjusted in several rooms with misting sprinklers that are manually controlled.
Humidity is almost always high and afternoon rain showers are common.
Humidity is almost always low.
Humidity is almost never a problem.
Humidity is also a factor.
Humidity is also a form of latent heat.
Humidity is also a great factor.
Humidity is also an important factor.
Humidity is also crucial in incubation.
Humidity is also higher here.
Humidity is also important.
Humidity is also necessary for a successful hatch.
Humidity is also very important.
Humidity is always a factor in the lifespan of a reed.
Humidity is always extremely high.
Humidity is always quite high, however, thus intensifying the heat of the day.
Humidity is an expression of the quantity of water vapor mixed with the other atmospheric gases.
Humidity is an important aspect of chameleon husbandry.
Humidity is another enemy.
Humidity is another factor controlled by the thermostat in the conditioned space.
Humidity is another form of moisture.
Humidity is another important thing.
Humidity is another issue that affects comfort in the home.
Humidity is another measurable weather phenomenon.
Humidity is another storage factor.
Humidity is caused by evaporation of water.
Humidity is checked by way of a hygrometer, or wet-bulb thermometer.
Humidity is conserved, the air is healthy and the heat well distributed.
Humidity is considered low in the area.
Humidity is controlled by adjusting vents and water tray.
Humidity is controlled by mixing water with the incubation medium.
Humidity is controlled with a room humidifier controlled by an industrial humidstat.
Humidity is controlled.
Humidity is critical at hatching time.
Humidity is critical, particularly for reds.
Humidity is crucial.
Humidity is death to a composition doll.
Humidity is defined as non-condensing and is measured at the surface of the drive.
Humidity is determined by reading the number at the end of the indicator pointer.
Humidity is essential for growing ferns.
Humidity is essential.
Humidity is fairly mild, but occasionally can seem high.
Humidity is fairly mild, but occassionally can seem high.
Humidity is generally low, even during summer months.
Humidity is generally low.
Humidity is held around fifty percent.
Humidity is high all year around.
Humidity is high all year, and the area is prone to earthquakes.
Humidity is high and lightweight clothes are necessary.
Humidity is high and rainfall is abundant.
Humidity is high at all times.
Humidity is high but non-condensing.
Humidity is high during the summer months but falls considerably during the fall and winter season.
Humidity is high in Panama City and the lowlands during the rainy season.
Humidity is high in summer, but the visitors centers, homes and buildings are all air conditioned.
Humidity is high in summer, much more so than Durban.
Humidity is high in the summer months making life without air conditions difficult.
Humidity is high in the tropics, and there's plenty of rainfall in the north.
Humidity is high in the western regions of the main islands, with heavy rainstorms.
Humidity is high throughout the year and rain can occur along the coast at any time.
Humidity is high throughout the year.
Humidity is high year round and rainfall is evenly distributed, with no identifiable wet season.
Humidity is high, and the nights stay warm.
Humidity is high, and there is an excessive amount of cloudiness.
Humidity is high.
Humidity is higher than that in Europe.
Humidity is how much moisture is in the air.
Humidity is how much water vapor there is in the air.
Humidity is important for most reptiles and is important for leopard geckos as well.
Humidity is important for most reptiles.
Humidity is important for our comfort and our health.
Humidity is important.
Humidity is located in air.
Humidity is low all year.
Humidity is low and evenings are cool.
Humidity is low and it can get breezy at times.
Humidity is low and outdoor activities are common and comfortable.
Humidity is low and rainfall is sparse, with often long stretches between rains.
Humidity is low because Macedonia is landlocked and mountainous.
Humidity is low compared to further north of the state though higher than Melbourne and Perth.
Humidity is low even though the town sits on the Mediterranean.
Humidity is low throughout the year.
Humidity is low year round.
Humidity is low, even during summer months.
Humidity is low, reducing the disagreeable effects of heat and cold.
Humidity is low, temperatures are much lower and nights are cooler.
Humidity is low, the climate is almost like in a desert region.
Humidity is low.
Humidity is maintained by adding a small amount of hybridization solution to the tray.
Humidity is maintained by increasing the exposed water surface area.
Humidity is maintained by misting, moist substrate and a water dish.
Humidity is maintained by misting, moist substrate and the water dish.
Humidity is maintained by moist substrate, a water dish and misting.
Humidity is maintained by spraying de-ionized water on the vermiculite several times a week.
Humidity is maintained throughout incubation by putting water in the bottom of the incubator.
Humidity is measure with a hygrometer.
Humidity is measured by means of a hygrometer .
Humidity is measured using an instrument called a hygrometer.
Humidity is measured using instruments called hygrometers .
Humidity is measured with an instrument called a hygrometer .
Humidity is moderate and there is no rain.
Humidity is moderate and there is very little chance of rain.
Humidity is moderate to low.
Humidity is moderate, both during the morning and afternoon.
Humidity is moisture in the air.
Humidity is moisture.
Humidity is much higher at the coast than the interior.
Humidity is much lower in winter.
Humidity is much lower than at the tropics.
Humidity is much lower than during the summer.
Humidity is normally low with cooler evenings in summer months.
Humidity is normally very high.
Humidity is obtained by comparing the two readings on the enclosed chart.
Humidity is often high in coastal regions.
Humidity is often is very high.
Humidity is one of the most limiting factors in fern culture.
Humidity is probably the biggest factor that produces the change.
Humidity is quite high due to evaporation from dense jungle foliage.
Humidity is quite low.
Humidity is recorded for the facility on a seven day humidity recorder.
Humidity is recorded on a seven day recorder for the whole facility.
Humidity is regulated by small doses of water ladled repeatedly onto the kiuas stones.
Humidity is relatively high.
Humidity is relatively low and rain is unusual .
Humidity is relatively low and rain is unusual.
Humidity is relatively low with crisp clear skies.
Humidity is relatively low, sunshine is plentiful, and air movement is nearly continuous.
Humidity is reported in percent.
Humidity is required for the plant to bloom.
Humidity is set centrally and is designed to be uniform throughout the floor.
Humidity is simply the amount of water vapor in the air.
Humidity is simply water vapour in the air.
Humidity is slightly more difficult to control than temperature.
Humidity is the amount of moisture in the air at a certain temperature.
Humidity is the amount of moisture or water vapor present in the air.
Humidity is the amount of water in the air.
Humidity is the amount of water that the air contains.
Humidity is the amount of water there is floating in the air as a gas - water vapor.
Humidity is the amount of water vapor in the air and can be described in different ways.
Humidity is the amount of water vapor in the air at a given time.
Humidity is the amount of water vapor in the air.
Humidity is the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere caused by condensation and evaporation.
Humidity is the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere.
Humidity is the experience of looking for air and finding water.
Humidity is the inherent nature or property of water.
Humidity is the killer.
Humidity is the measure of the amount of moisture in the air.
Humidity is the most effective barrier against proper cooling.
Humidity is the next most common cause of paper jams.
Humidity is the water in the air.
Humidity is the water vaper.
Humidity is up.
Humidity is usually in the low teens.
Humidity is usually low, making the peak heat of summer months quite tolerable.
Humidity is usually low.
Humidity is usually too low in the home for fine, thin-leafed ferns.
Humidity is very high in the coastal region.
Humidity is very high in the summer.
Humidity is very high round the year, except for brief periods.
Humidity is very high.
Humidity is very important to orchid plants.
Humidity is very important to the worms.
Humidity is very important.
Humidity is very low during the summer months, and moderately low during the winter.
Humidity is very low year round.
Humidity is very low.
Humidity is virtually zilch compared to the flatlands.
Humidity is water vapor mixed with the air within the house.
Humidity is wet air.
Humidity is, as with other data carriers, a most dangerous factor.
Humidity isa wetness.
Humidity keeps the turtle s shell healthy and free of cracks.
Humidity leads to both static and in-use stiction problems.
Humidity magnifies the health risk of high temperatures.
Humidity makes dust mites and mold grow.
Humidity makes hot weather sticky.
Humidity makes it more difficult for items to develop electrical charges.
Humidity makes the dough harder to roll.
Humidity makes the wet bulb temperature vary.
Humidity meanss vapor.
Humidity meanss water vapor.
Humidity needs to be considered to select the proper thinner for the paint.
Humidity occurs when water is contained in the air in the form of an invisible vapour.
Humidity plays a large role for development of carpet beetles.
Humidity plays a major role in why pianos go out of tune.
Humidity plays an important role in our daily weather .
Humidity pockets hanging to mountains in the form of thick starts layers are frequent.
Humidity Profiles Over Oceans.
Humidity promotes molds and mildew, dust mites, bacteria and other biological contaminants.
Humidity promotes molds and mildew, dust mites, fungus, bacteria, and other biological contaminants.
Humidity promotes molds, mildew, and a musty odor, which circulate through the building.
Humidity reduces how much light passes through the atmosphere.
Humidity reduces the body's ability to perspire and cool down.
Humidity refers to evaporated water substance in the air, i.e. water vapor.
Humidity refers to the amount of moisture in the air, and it affects comfort in the home.
Humidity refers to the amount of moisture in the air.
Humidity refers to the amount of water vapour the air contains.
Humidity refers to the moisture content of the air.
Humidity remains comfortably low throughout the year.
Humidity remains comfortably low.
Humidity remains high during the whole year.
Humidity remains locked in.
Humidity remains relatively high during the entire year.
Humidity remains relatively low throughout the year.
Humidity significantly reduces the life of the ribbon.
Humidity softens the gum, allowing separation of stamps.
Humidity starts arriving from the gulf of California.
Humidity staying low at high elevations is a sign of strong subsidence.
Humidity stays low throughout the year, making even the warmest summer day relatively comfortable.
Humidity strongly impacts P. persimilis' efficacy.
Humidity swells the emulsion, allowing the paper to lie flat.
Humidity tends to rise between breaks in the rain.
Humidity then causes the bore to rust.
Humidity varies along with the altitude and temperature .
Humidity varies with elevation.
Humidity varies with storage and milling conditions.
Humidity often follows right along with the heat.
Humidity sometimes acts wierd though as more water is going in too.
Most humidity affects air density.
Most humidity affects air quality.
Most humidity affects density.
Most humidity affects functions.
Most humidity affects indoor air quality.
Most humidity affects quality.
Most humidity causes condensation.
Most humidity depends on air temperature.
Most humidity depends on current air temperature.
Most humidity depends on temperature.
Most humidity has effects.
Most humidity has opposite effects.
Most humidity has significant effects.
Most humidity influences evaporation.
Some humidity affects availability.
Some humidity affects onsets.
Some humidity causes decay.
Some humidity causes dehydration.
Some humidity causes dryness.
Some humidity causes medical problems.
Some humidity causes problems.
Some humidity causes rapid decay.
Some humidity causes severe medical problems.
Some humidity causes severe problems.
Some humidity contributes to improvement.
Some humidity creates atmospheres.
Some humidity creates explosive atmospheres.
Some humidity creates problems.
Some humidity depends on light.
Some humidity encourages development.
Some humidity encourages growth.
Some humidity encourages mold growth.
Some humidity helps the eggs to hatch better.
Some humidity indicates likelihood.
Some humidity influences rainfall.
Some humidity kills flea larvae.
Some humidity kills larvae.
Some humidity leads to growth.
Some humidity leads to mold growth.
Some humidity leads to problems.
Some humidity prevents development.
Some humidity reduces ability.
Some humidity reduces growth.
Some humidity reduces population growth.
Some humidity results in electricity.
Some humidity results in precipitation snow.
Some humidity results in snow.
Some humidity results in static electricity.
Humiliating rout is more like it.
Humiliation Being put over the knee is a childish, humiliating posture.
Humiliation can be a powerful force.
Humiliation can hurt teenagers' pride.
Humiliation can leave people scarred for life.
Humiliation has no room.
Humiliation has to do with human pride.
Humiliation is a daily occurrence for the Russian people.
Humiliation is a form of abuse and has no place in our spiritual growth.
Humiliation is a harder thing to rise above than mere misfortune.
Humiliation is a horrible feeling.
Humiliation is a part of bearing the cross.
Humiliation is a psychological slap in the face.
Humiliation is a wonderful thing.
Humiliation is an ambiguous term.
Humiliation is another universal eye contact issue.
Humiliation is cases.
Humiliation is common.
Humiliation is degradations.
Humiliation is embarrassment
Humiliation is entertainment.
Humiliation is great incentive for a die.
Humiliation is part of being there.
Humiliation is part of it.
Humiliation is profitable.
Humiliation is shame.
Humiliation is the distance between arrogance and humility, and pride can be deadly.
Humiliation is the worst.
Humiliation is ultimately about the process of removing another's ability to define themselves.
Humiliation is Unacceptable .
Humiliation is way too powerful.
Humiliation then gives rise to gratitude, and finally to faith.
Humiliations are at the root for students lack of classroom participation.
Humiliations beset the aged pope.
Humility adorns joy with the fulfillment of perfection .
Humility begins with a repentant heart.
Humility brings good thoughts where there is no room for pride or ego.
Humility brings good thoughts where there is no room for the pride or ego.
Humility brings with it the idea of our being harmless and submissive.
Humility can be an officer's best ally in a given situation.
Humility can be virtue.
Humility cancels out fear.
Humility come from the word humus , earth.
Humility comes first.
Humility comes from the Latin word, humus , meaning soil, dirt.
Humility comes from the same root word as earth.
Humility comes in two packages.
Humility comes with maturity.
Humility communicates the truth about people .
Humility consists in the knowledge of self and the forsaking of self.
Humility creates serenity and tranquility.
Humility denotes a peaceful state of soul.
Humility dissipates anger and heals old wounds.
Humility distinguishes the wise leader from the arrogant power-seeker.
Humility enables a person to put aside all self-interest and tolerate the hardships of life.
Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.
Humility entails an openness to receive, to learn from and to be corrected by others.
Humility establishes proficiency in handling the problems in life.
Humility generates truth and objectivity.
Humility is a trait
Humility is always one play away.
Humility is emotion.
Humility is feelings.
Humility is traits.
Humility leads t o the opposite.
Humility leads to improve the reproaches of enemies as an occasion o f serious self-examination.
Humility leads to listening.
Humility leads to obedience, which leads to life.
Humility leads to the highest goal.
Humility means from the earth.
Humility means intelligence.
Humility means knowing and accepting the truth about oneself.
Humility means listening more than prescribing.
Humility means, accepting all complements graciously and thankfully.
Humility plays a major part in sustaining a life dialogue.
Humility precedes holiness which precedes power.
Humility precedes honor as the source of encouragement and accountability.
Humility promotes vision, peace and harmony.
Humility provides a model for human relationships .
Humility responds to the bidding of the one whom it serves.
Humility seeks no glory or honor.
Humility starts within one's own structure.
Humility tends also to prevent an arrogant and assuming behaviour.
Humility tends to be quiet and modest.
Humility tends to prevent an aspiring and ambitious behaviour amongst men.
Humility waits on others.
Humility wins out over vanity when an old man and woman search for the perfect pet.
Humility always is the root of zeal for souls and charity.
Humility often gains more than pride.
Some humility is needed to accept one's own work.
A humin is a humic substance
Humin is the alkali-insoluble fraction of leonardite.
Humins are black in color.
Humins are humic substances.
Humins are insoluble in dilute acid or base.
Hummer celebrations take place in areas of the hummingbird migration paths.
Hummer drinks nectar from flowers all day.
Hummer is companies.
Hummer is division.
Hummer is pitch
Hummer is singers.
Hummers also eat flower nectar and high-protein insects.
Hummers also take sunbaths, positioning their breast towards the sun and fluffing out.
Hummers are capable of living for extended periods without nectar as a component of their diet.
Hummers are great helicopters.
Hummers are noisy .
Hummers are our only business.
Hummers are quite capable of covering astounding distances each trip back north.
Hummers are stupid-looking.
Hummers are very territorial by nature, especially when protecting food sources.
Hummers are very territorial.
Hummers can fly backward, vertically and pause in midair.
Hummers can preform extraordinary aerobatics because of their unique anatomy.
Hummers do eat other food, primarily small insects.
Hummers eat insects for their protein.
Hummers emit far more air pollutants than cars.
Hummers generally follow certain routes and often can be seen in sizable numbers.
Hummers have a fast breathing rate, a fast heartbeat, and a high body temperature.
Hummers have a great memory, they do, in fact, return each year to their previous feeding source.
Hummers have the least number of feathers of all birds.
Hummers like to perch and are very territorial during courtship with fantastic aerial displays.
Hummers like to perch in a protected area before flying to the feeder.
Hummers love the color red.
Hummers love to bathe.
Hummers love to build their nests in thorny and twiggy type bushes and trees.
Hummers make a number of unmusical calls, from deep gutterals to high pitched chirp.
Hummers preen themselves with their bills and claws.
Hummers simply pursue their prey until they catch it.
Hummers always pick the littlest branch of all.
Hummers frequently build on the same site year after year.
Hummers often groom their heads and necks with their feet, uses the front three claws like a comb.
Most hummers occur in Missouri during the spring and fall migratory periods.
Some hummers also hunt and eat insects.
Most hummerbird bones are porous, but some, like their wing and leg bones, are hollow.
Hummingbird activity is a bit slow now.
Hummingbird babies are born blind and naked without feathers.
Hummingbird bands have a single letter that represents the prefix.
Hummingbird behavior is quite comical.
Hummingbird eggs are about the size of navy beans.
Hummingbird eggs are cradled in soft fluffy fibers that hummingbirds choose from plants nearby.
Hummingbird eyes are large, immobile with both monocular and binocular vision.
Hummingbird feathers have two different ways of producing color.
Hummingbird feeders are also supply a great source of nutrients.
Hummingbird feeders are available in a wide variety of styles.
Hummingbird feeders are great for older birds.
Hummingbird feeders are usually red, and oriole feeders are orange and have larger feeding holes.
Hummingbird feeders can be fun in the spring and fall.
Hummingbird feeders give gardeners a chance to view the birds close-up.
Hummingbird feeders hold liquid and have very narrow openings.
Hummingbird feeders impose a responsibility on the provider.
Hummingbird feeders make a good alien watering hole.
Hummingbird feeders require cleaning every two to three days, especially in warm weather.
Hummingbird feeders supplement the flower nectar.
Most hummingbird feeders have too small of an opening for any other bird.
Some hummingbird feeders come without perches or have perches that can be removed.
Hummingbird flowers are pure red, scentless, and have a dilute nectar.
Hummingbird flowers tend to bloom for a longer period of time than other flowers.
Hummingbird food contains dye.
Hummingbird food contains red dye.
Most hummingbird food contains dye.
Most hummingbird food contains red dye.
Hummingbird fossils are inexistent.
Hummingbird gardens provide nectar sources.
Hummingbird gardens provide sources.
Most hummingbird gardens provide nectar sources.
Most hummingbird gardens provide sources.
Some hummingbird habitats exist in neighborhoods.
Hummingbird hawkmoths feed on the nectar, as do several species of spectacular night-flying moths.
Hummingbird jaw bends to aid insect capture.
Hummingbird legs are extremely small, short, and stubby to reduce weight.
Hummingbird mint smells like bubblegum.
Every hummingbird mom is a single mother.
A hummingbird moth is a moth
Hummingbird moths are members of the sphinx moth family.
Hummingbird moths become problems.
Hummingbird moths belong to the animalia kingdom and are arthropoda.
Hummingbird moths have no known bite, sting or other undesirable effects to humans.
Most hummingbird moths become problems.
Some hummingbird moths become pests.
Some hummingbird moths feed on nectar.
Hummingbird nectar can go bad in a day or two in hot weather.
Hummingbird nests are very hard to spot because they are so small and so well camouflaged.
Hummingbird nostrils are located at the base of the beak.
Hummingbird pins are now available.
Hummingbird plumage is extremely varied.
Hummingbird scouts are here.
Hummingbird tongues are incredibly long and specialized.
Hummingbird torpor can occur on any night of the year so it is called daily torpor or noctivation.
A hummingbird is a bird
Hummingbird isa bird.
Hummingbirds adapt to environments.
Hummingbirds adapt to extreme environments.
Hummingbirds adore columbines.
Hummingbirds also benefit from certain herbs.
Hummingbirds also consume insects and spiders.
Hummingbirds also eat fruit flies and other small flying insects.
Hummingbirds also enjoy the sun.
Hummingbirds also feed on insects such as mosquitoes, fruit flies, small bees, and aphids.
Hummingbirds also feed on small insects for the protein they provide.
Hummingbirds also feed on the nectar of hawthorne, horse chestnut and flowering crabapple trees.
Hummingbirds also feed on the nectar of Hawthorne, horse chestnut and flowering crabapple trees.
Hummingbirds also love to feast on the sweet nectar.
Hummingbirds also make occasional stops, and moths visit, especially in the evening.
Hummingbirds are a beautiful little bird that captures everyone's heart.
Hummingbirds are a common sight on the island, parading the feeders and wildflowers.
Hummingbirds are a delight to have visit a garden.
Hummingbirds are a favorite here as well.
Hummingbirds are a favorite with many bird watchers.
Hummingbirds are a lot of fun to watch in the garden.
Hummingbirds are a major pollinator of red buckeyes, so the bloom time is no coincidence.
Hummingbirds are about migrate back to South America.
Hummingbirds are actually easier subjects for banding than most larger birds.
Hummingbirds are aggressive feeders and become very accustomed to humans around the feeder.
Hummingbirds are almost helpless on the ground.
Hummingbirds are almost like bugs.
Hummingbirds are also able to turn off their kidney function at night.
Hummingbirds are also extremely maneuverable.
Hummingbirds are among the most delightful of the wild creatures attracted to gardens.
Hummingbirds are among the most technically challenging wildlife to photograph.
Hummingbirds are among the smallest warm-blooded animals on earth.
Hummingbirds are an important groups of bird pollinators.
Hummingbirds are animals.
Hummingbirds are attracted by their nectar.
Hummingbirds are attracted to red, so tie a red ribbon on the feeder or buy a feeder that is red.
Hummingbirds are attracted to red, so use a feeder that has red components.
Hummingbirds are attracted to the bright blooms.
Hummingbirds are BIG eaters.
Hummingbirds are birds.
Hummingbirds are bizarre, fascinating little creatures.
Hummingbirds are easy to attract to a backyard garden, a cinch to keep well fed, and a joy to watch.
Hummingbirds are everywhere and photo opportunities abound.
Hummingbirds are extremely smart.
Hummingbirds are extremely territorial about food sources and nest sites.
Hummingbirds are extremely territorial and aggressive around a single food source.
Hummingbirds are famous for more than their beauty and tiny size.
Hummingbirds are famous for their aerial display.
Hummingbirds are fascinating, to an extent far disproportionate to their size.
Hummingbirds are fearless and inquisitive creatures.
Hummingbirds are feisty little birds.
Hummingbirds are fiercely independent.
Hummingbirds are found as far north as Alaska.
Hummingbirds are found as far south as Chile.
Hummingbirds are found only in North America and South America.
Hummingbirds are frequent visitors.
Hummingbirds are friendly birds that can do amazing feats.
Hummingbirds are fully alive and insanely happy.
Hummingbirds are fun to watch for their unusual flight.
Hummingbirds are great fun to watch.
Hummingbirds are hard to capture with a camera.
Hummingbirds are hardy little souls, too.
Hummingbirds are helpful in our environment because they eat harmful insects.
Hummingbirds are highly active and seemingly effortlessly fly forward and backward or hover.
Hummingbirds are important for hummingbird-pollinated flowers.
Hummingbirds are important pollinators of many specially adapted flowers.
Hummingbirds are important pollinators of specially adapted plants.
Hummingbirds are in a class of their own.
Hummingbirds are inside nests.
Hummingbirds are just minor kachinas.
Hummingbirds are master architects.
Hummingbirds are more skillful than bees.
Hummingbirds are native to the Americas.
Hummingbirds are naturally aggressive and territorial.
Hummingbirds are nifty fliers.
Hummingbirds are Oklahoma's smallest birds and are unique in many respects.
Hummingbirds are one of the few birds that can lift themselves straight up into the air.
Hummingbirds are one of the great delights of spring of our coast.
Hummingbirds are only the size of a small mouse, but they are extremely feisty little birds.
Hummingbirds are perhaps the most delicate, labor-intensive orphans in the desert.
Hummingbirds are perhaps the ultimate wildlife addition to any garden setting.
Hummingbirds are pollinators.
Hummingbirds are probably the most unusual birds that visit our neck of the woods.
Hummingbirds are quite relaxed around people because of their ability to hover and fly backwards.
Hummingbirds are regular visitors to the flowers.
Hummingbirds are small and often very small birds with habitat on the american continent only.
Hummingbirds are small, colorful birds with iridescent feathers.
Hummingbirds are strictly a bird of the Western Hemisphere.
Hummingbirds are territorial over necter sources.
Hummingbirds are the most amazing of all flyers.
Hummingbirds are the most common bird pollinators.
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards.
Hummingbirds are the only animals able to fly backwards.
Hummingbirds are the only birds capable of flying backwards.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly both forward and backwards.
Hummingbirds are the second largest family of birds in the Western Hemisphere.
Hummingbirds are the smallest species of birds.
Hummingbirds are the sparkling jewels of summer.
Hummingbirds are the tiniest birds in the world.
Hummingbirds are the tiniest birds on the planet.
Hummingbirds are the world's smallest birds.
Hummingbirds are their enemies.
Hummingbirds are tiny birds that can fly forwards and also hover in mid-air.
Hummingbirds are truely amazing little aviators.
Hummingbirds are truly all-American birds, because they live nowhere else on Earth but the Americas.
Hummingbirds are very inquisitive creatures.
Hummingbirds are very playful.
Hummingbirds are very small birds and they have a high metabolism.
Hummingbirds are very small birds with a high metabolism.
Hummingbirds are very territorial and they normally dive bomb one another at the feeders.
Hummingbirds are very territorial, and they often pick their territory early in the season.
Hummingbirds are very territorial.
Hummingbirds are well suited to exploit such niches.
Hummingbirds are winter visitors.
Hummingbirds are wonderfully small birds with either metallic green or red throats.
Hummingbirds arrive at locations.
Hummingbirds arrive here from South America in the spring.
Hummingbirds bathe often and play in the water.
Hummingbirds beat wings.
Hummingbirds begin to migrate to warmer climates in late fall.
Hummingbirds build the tiniest nest of all, little more than an inch across.
Hummingbirds build tiny nests the size of Japanese sake cups, wedged in the fork of a branch.
Hummingbirds can also die when they are caught in spider webs.
Hummingbirds can also hibernate overnight.
Hummingbirds can catch insect on the wing.
Hummingbirds can consume two thirds of their body's weight every day.
Hummingbirds can consume up to twice their body weight in nectar every day.
Hummingbirds can distinguish different kinds of sugars and their concentrations.
Hummingbirds can even fly upside down.
Hummingbirds can fly backwards, forwards, sideways, upside down, and can hover.
Hummingbirds can fly backwards.
Hummingbirds can fly forward, backward, and they can hover.
Hummingbirds can fly right, left, up, down, backwards, and even upside down.
Hummingbirds can fly right, left, up, down, backwards, even upside down.
Hummingbirds can hibernate overnight.
Hummingbirds can hover as well as fly sideways, backwards and even upside down.
Hummingbirds can hover.
Hummingbirds can live up to nine years.
Hummingbirds can never remember the words to songs.
Hummingbirds can rotate their wings backward, which creates downward 'lift' and backward 'thrust'.
Hummingbirds can see farther than humans.
Hummingbirds can see ultraviolet light.
Hummingbirds can see wavelengths into the near-ultraviolet.
Hummingbirds can taste just enough to know what is good and what is bad.
Hummingbirds carry the gift of flight to a new level.
Hummingbirds certainly do enjoy the trumpet-shaped blooms.
Hummingbirds claim a feeding territory and defend it vigorously.
Hummingbirds come and go with much regularity.
Hummingbirds come to feeders.
Hummingbirds come to hummingbird feeders.
Hummingbirds communicate with visual display.
Hummingbirds compete for food by challenging and bullying each other.
Hummingbirds compete for nectar and insects.
Hummingbirds consume about half their weight in food each day.
Hummingbirds consume half their weight in sugars each day.
Hummingbirds consume insects.
Hummingbirds defend territory.
Hummingbirds depend on nectar.
Hummingbirds depend on plants.
Hummingbirds display a range of foraging patterns.
Hummingbirds divide themselves by territories.
Hummingbirds do sleep in a position with their neck retracted and their head forward.
Hummingbirds drink by using protrusible grooved or trough-like tongues.
Hummingbirds drink nectar.
Hummingbirds drink sugar water.
Hummingbirds drink water.
Hummingbirds eat about every ten minute, slurping down twice their body weight in nectar every day.
Hummingbirds eat every ten minutes to keep up with there high metabolism.
Hummingbirds eat food.
Hummingbirds eat from only red flowers.
Hummingbirds eat insects and insect eggs on the ground and in trees.
Hummingbirds eat meals.
Hummingbirds eat nectar from flowers and also gather insects for protein.
Hummingbirds eat nectar from flowers and small insects in the wild.
Hummingbirds eat nectar.
Hummingbirds eat only nectar.
Hummingbirds eat small insects and nectar.
Hummingbirds eat small soft bugs for protein.
Hummingbirds eat twice their body weight each day.
Hummingbirds enjoy a cool bath, whether it be a bird bath, or in a cupped leaf.
Hummingbirds enjoy dripping water, which they choose over still pools.
Hummingbirds enjoy flower nectar.
Hummingbirds enjoy grooming themselves.
Hummingbirds enjoy the flowers and blue jays, chipmunks, and skunks eat the fruit.
Hummingbirds enjoy the nectar of the early spring flowers.
Hummingbirds enter gardens.
Hummingbirds enter torpor to conserve energy.
Hummingbirds especially enjoy flying through the cool water provided by a mister.
Hummingbirds favor long tubular blossoms, and the color red gets their attention first.
Hummingbirds feed at the flowers.
Hummingbirds feed every ten to fifteen minutes from sun-up to sundown.
Hummingbirds feed heavily on tiny insects as well as nectar.
Hummingbirds feed on a combination of flower nectar and small insects caught on the wing.
Hummingbirds feed on flower nectar and are attracted to red, tube-shaped flowers.
Hummingbirds feed on flower nectar with a long, brush-like tongue.
Hummingbirds feed on flower nectar.
Hummingbirds feed on nectar, suplemented with insects.
Hummingbirds feed on nectar.
Hummingbirds feed on the brilliant heliconia.
Hummingbirds feed throughout the day, at intervals as often as every eight to twelve minutes.
Hummingbirds find it irresistible.
Hummingbirds find the brilliant color of California fuchsia irresistible.
Hummingbirds find what is beautiful and sweet.
Hummingbirds flap wings.
Hummingbirds flit about.
Hummingbirds fly as little as possible, mostly to feed and to chase off intruders.
Hummingbirds fly great distances when they are migrating.
Hummingbirds fly over homes.
Hummingbirds fly to drink nectar .
Hummingbirds fly with their hands .
Hummingbirds gain weight.
Hummingbirds get energy.
Hummingbirds get food.
Hummingbirds get most of their energy by sipping nectar from flowers.
Hummingbirds get their name from the humming sound produced by their wings when flying.
Hummingbirds give birth to birds.
Hummingbirds give their vote of approval also.
Hummingbirds grow feathers.
Hummingbirds has-part backs.
Hummingbirds has-part beaks.
Hummingbirds has-part muscles.
Hummingbirds has-part stomachs.
Hummingbirds has-part wings.
Hummingbirds have (part) air sacs.
Hummingbirds have (part) bird's feet.
Hummingbirds have (part) brains.
Hummingbirds have (part) breasts.
Hummingbirds have (part) cell membranes.
Hummingbirds have (part) cells.
Hummingbirds have (part) chest cavities.
Hummingbirds have (part) chests.
Hummingbirds have (part) corpi.
Hummingbirds have (part) cytoplasm.
Hummingbirds have (part) ears.
Hummingbirds have (part) faces.
Hummingbirds have (part) flight feathers.
Hummingbirds have (part) heads.
Hummingbirds have (part) lips.
Hummingbirds have (part) mouths.
Hummingbirds have (part) nuclei.
Hummingbirds have (part) plasma membranes.
Hummingbirds have (part) quill feathers.
Hummingbirds have (part) rib cages.
Hummingbirds have (part) second joints.
Hummingbirds have (part) sections.
Hummingbirds have (part) skulls.
Hummingbirds have (part) sterna.
Hummingbirds have (part) talons.
Hummingbirds have (part) vacuoles.
Hummingbirds have (part) wishbones.
Hummingbirds have a high requirement for energy because of their very active flight.
Hummingbirds have a joint in the upper jaw, just behind the maxilla.
Hummingbirds have an excellent memory and can recall any feeding source they have used in the past.
Hummingbirds have an incredible energy output and their food of choice is in the form of sugars.
Hummingbirds have appetite.
Hummingbirds have beaks.
Hummingbirds have brains.
Hummingbirds have certain common characteristics.
Hummingbirds have color vision.
Hummingbirds have few natural predators.
Hummingbirds have fewer feathers than other birds.
Hummingbirds have good color vision.
Hummingbirds have habits.
Hummingbirds have hearts.
Hummingbirds have knowledge of how to use flowers for healing.
Hummingbirds have large brains and hearts.
Hummingbirds have legs.
Hummingbirds have lifestyle.
Hummingbirds have little to no sense of smell.
Hummingbirds have long beaks.
Hummingbirds have long bills and grooved tongues to reach into flowers to feed on flower nectar.
Hummingbirds have long, needlelike beaks they use to probe deep into flowers.
Hummingbirds have many skeletal and flight muscle adaptations which allow great agility in flight.
Hummingbirds have memory.
Hummingbirds have metabolism.
Hummingbirds have narrow and tapered wings.
Hummingbirds have no sense of smell but have very keen eyesight .
Hummingbirds have no sense of smell.
Hummingbirds have only a few taste buds on the tongue.
Hummingbirds have proportionally the largest hearts of any living animal.
Hummingbirds have regular eyelids to block light from each eye.
Hummingbirds have ribs.
Hummingbirds have short legs.
Hummingbirds have small brains relative to the size of their bodies.
Hummingbirds have the fastest wing beat of any bird.
Hummingbirds have the highest metabolism of any animal on earth.
Hummingbirds have the largest known relative heart size of any bird.
Hummingbirds have tiny hairs on the tip of the tongue to help lap up nectar .
Hummingbirds have tongues.
Hummingbirds have two main feeding strategies.
Hummingbirds have very high blood sugar.
Hummingbirds have very large eyes in proportion to their body weight.
Hummingbirds have very weak feet and can barely walk.
Hummingbirds have vision.
Hummingbirds help flowers to pollinate, though most insects are best known for doing so.
Hummingbirds lack a true song.
Hummingbirds learn to associate flower colors, like red, with food.
Hummingbirds like to bathe in a shallow pool of water, such as a cupped leaf.
Hummingbirds like to perch.
Hummingbirds like to take a bath on a cupped leaf or a shallow pool.
Hummingbirds live at a variety of altitudes across their habitats.
Hummingbirds live in habitats.
Hummingbirds live in hemispheres.
Hummingbirds live in Latin America and North America.
Hummingbirds live in regions.
Hummingbirds live in western hemispheres.
Hummingbirds live on nectar.
Hummingbirds look for specific plants and materials for building their nests.
Hummingbirds look like ray guns.
Hummingbirds love Azaleas which are the mainstay of shady gardens on acid soil.
Hummingbirds love flowers.
Hummingbirds love food.
Hummingbirds love it and enjoy feeding in the shade.
Hummingbirds love it and it smells great.
Hummingbirds love it, and it is the larval food for the small cassius blue butterfly.
Hummingbirds love it.
Hummingbirds love nectar.
Hummingbirds love red flowers.
Hummingbirds love red or orange colored, trumpet shaped, single flowers.
Hummingbirds love the big red flowers.
Hummingbirds love the orange flowers.
Hummingbirds love to bathe on misted leaves.
Hummingbirds love to drink nector and buzz from flower to flower pollinating mother nature.
Hummingbirds love to fly through misters and bathe on leaves that have been misted.
Hummingbirds love tubular, crimson flowers.
Hummingbirds love water.
Hummingbirds make nests.
Hummingbirds migrate because it is an innate, genetic instinct.
Hummingbirds migrate by riding on the back of geese.
Hummingbirds migrate by riding on the backs of geese.
Hummingbirds migrate north.
Hummingbirds migrate on the backs of geese.
Hummingbirds migrate south at summer's end.
Hummingbirds migrate south.
Hummingbirds migrate through Houston in spring and fall.
Hummingbirds migrate to environments.
Hummingbirds migrate to food.
Hummingbirds migrate to homes.
Hummingbirds migrate to nests.
Hummingbirds move upward, downward, and sideways in a virtuoso performance of aerial acrobatics.
Hummingbirds need nectar.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Hummingbirds occur throughout the Americas, but most species inhabit tropical South America.
Hummingbirds perch in trees.
Hummingbirds pick up sound.
Hummingbirds play a major role in pollination.
Hummingbirds pollinate flowers.
Hummingbirds pollinate many varieties of native cactus and other plants.
Hummingbirds pollinate plants.
Hummingbirds pollinate the flowers.
Hummingbirds pollinate wildflowers.
Hummingbirds possess feathers.
Hummingbirds prefer a habitat with a diversity of flowers and shrubs.
Hummingbirds prefer downy like materials, spider webs, ferns, moss and lichens for nesting material.
Hummingbirds prefer flowers.
Hummingbirds prefer long nectar tubes that bloom red, orange, or yellow.
Hummingbirds prefer migrating by day as they fly low in the sky.
Hummingbirds prefer nectar.
Hummingbirds prefer to make their nests in the fork of tree branches.
Hummingbirds prefer tubular flowers that are red, orange, or pink.
Hummingbirds press the limits, and live their lives only a few hours from starvation.
Hummingbirds primarily eat flower nectar, tree sap, insects and pollen.
Hummingbirds probably see a little further into the infrared aand ultraviolet ranges than do humans.
Hummingbirds readily find and use feeders and their food is very easy and cheap to make.
Hummingbirds receive food.
Hummingbirds rely on nectar as a major part of their diet.
Hummingbirds rely on the carbohydrates in nectar to maintain a high speed metabolism.
Hummingbirds remember where their source of food is.
Hummingbirds remember where they found satisfaction last year.
Hummingbirds require a special type of feeder.
Hummingbirds require energy.
Hummingbirds require flowers.
Hummingbirds require food.
Hummingbirds require fuel.
Hummingbirds require lots of energy.
Hummingbirds require narrower gardens than butterflies in order to access flowers on either side.
Hummingbirds require nectar to fuel their constantly moving bodies.
Hummingbirds require nectar.
Hummingbirds require proteins.
Hummingbirds require water.
Hummingbirds rest on trees.
Hummingbirds return to food.
Hummingbirds return to habitats.
Hummingbirds return to nectar.
Hummingbirds return to nests.
Hummingbirds return to plants.
Hummingbirds rotate wings.
Hummingbirds seek nectar.
Hummingbirds seek plants.
Hummingbirds share some of the same predators as birds of greater size.
Hummingbirds shed feathers.
Hummingbirds sing with their hands.
Hummingbirds sip nectar from blossoms.
Hummingbirds sip nectar out of bright orange Lantana.
Hummingbirds sip sweet nectar from flowers and eat some tiny bugs.
Hummingbirds spend most of their feeding time visiting flowers to eat nectar.
Hummingbirds spend most of their life perching.
Hummingbirds spread wings.
Hummingbirds suck flowers.
Hummingbirds suck nectar.
Hummingbirds supplement their diet with insects for protein.
Hummingbirds survive by drinking nectar, the sweet liquid inside flowers.
Hummingbirds swallow food.
Hummingbirds swarm the feeder.
Hummingbirds Take down, clean and store feeders.
Hummingbirds take nectar from flowers.
Hummingbirds tend to nest at the tips of branches to avoid predators.
Hummingbirds There are several types of hummingbirds that live in Colorado.
Hummingbirds thrive in regions.
Hummingbirds to adapt to gardens.
Hummingbirds travel north as far as Alaska from their winter home in Mexico.
Hummingbirds use a long, brush-like tongue to draw their sustenance, nectar, from flowers.
Hummingbirds use certain wildflower species for nectar.
Hummingbirds use feathers.
Hummingbirds use innovative market techniques.
Hummingbirds use innovative techniques.
Hummingbirds use market techniques.
Hummingbirds use tail feathers.
Hummingbirds use techniques.
Hummingbirds use their feet for scratching and perching.
Hummingbirds use their needle-like beaks as straws to get nectar from flowers.
Hummingbirds visit blossoms for nectar.
Hummingbirds visit bushes.
Hummingbirds visit feeders.
Hummingbirds visit flowers.
Hummingbirds visit food.
Hummingbirds visit frequently, and some nest here.
Hummingbirds visit gardens.
Hummingbirds visit red flowers more than any other type.
Hummingbirds visit territory.
Hummingbirds visit the blossoms for nectar.
Hummingbirds visit the flowering vines along the trail s edge.
Hummingbirds visit the flowers and the feeders in summer and fall.
Hummingbirds visit the gardens, and the kingfisher's rowdy call drifts up from the pond.
Hummingbirds visit wildflowers.
Hummingbirds often leave when there are flowers and feeders still available.
Hummingbirds often return to the same feeding stations year after year as if on schedule.
Hummingbirds often return to the same nest year after year.
Hummingbirds often seek nectar from the flowers.
Hummingbirds usually look for large, bright red or yellow flowers.
Hummingbirds usually return to the same area they visited last year.
All hummingbirds are excellent flyers, forewards, side- and backwards.
All hummingbirds are very small and have high metabolisms.
Every hummingbird is a bird.
Many hummingbirds are green and white.
Many hummingbirds can fly backwards and sideways as well as going vertically up and down.
Many hummingbirds have shiny, iridescent patches of feathers.
Many hummingbirds migrate to find food during the cold winter.
Many hummingbirds remain throughout the summer.
Most hummingbirds adapt to environments.
Most hummingbirds adapt to extreme environments.
Most hummingbirds are bright in color.
Most hummingbirds are inside nests.
Most hummingbirds arrive at locations.
Most hummingbirds come to feeders.
Most hummingbirds come to hummingbird feeders.
Most hummingbirds defend territory.
Most hummingbirds depend on nectar.
Most hummingbirds depend on plants.
Most hummingbirds die in the first year of life.
Most hummingbirds drink nectar.
Most hummingbirds drink sugar water.
Most hummingbirds drink water.
Most hummingbirds eat food.
Most hummingbirds eat meals.
Most hummingbirds eat nectar.
Most hummingbirds enter gardens.
Most hummingbirds feed on flower nectar.
Most hummingbirds feed on nectar.
Most hummingbirds fly over homes.
Most hummingbirds gain weight.
Most hummingbirds get energy.
Most hummingbirds get food.
Most hummingbirds give birth to birds.
Most hummingbirds grow feathers.
Most hummingbirds have beaks.
Most hummingbirds have bills that are long and straight so that they can get nectar from flowers.
Most hummingbirds have brains.
Most hummingbirds have color vision.
Most hummingbirds have good color vision.
Most hummingbirds have habits.
Most hummingbirds have hearts.
Most hummingbirds have legs.
Most hummingbirds have lifestyle.
Most hummingbirds have long beaks.
Most hummingbirds have memory.
Most hummingbirds have metabolism.
Most hummingbirds have short legs.
Most hummingbirds have tongues.
Most hummingbirds have vision.
Most hummingbirds live in habitats.
Most hummingbirds live in hemispheres.
Most hummingbirds live in regions.
Most hummingbirds live in the South America.
Most hummingbirds live in western hemispheres.
Most hummingbirds live on nectar.
Most hummingbirds love food.
Most hummingbirds make nests.
Most hummingbirds migrate to environments.
Most hummingbirds migrate to food.
Most hummingbirds migrate to homes.
Most hummingbirds migrate to nests.
Most hummingbirds pick up sound.
Most hummingbirds pollinate flowers.
Most hummingbirds pollinate plants.
Most hummingbirds pollinate wildflowers.
Most hummingbirds raise two broods each breeding season.
Most hummingbirds receive food.
Most hummingbirds require energy.
Most hummingbirds require flowers.
Most hummingbirds require food.
Most hummingbirds require fuel.
Most hummingbirds require nectar.
Most hummingbirds require proteins.
Most hummingbirds require water.
Most hummingbirds return to food.
Most hummingbirds return to habitats.
Most hummingbirds return to nectar.
Most hummingbirds return to nests.
Most hummingbirds return to plants.
Most hummingbirds seek nectar.
Most hummingbirds seek plants.
Most hummingbirds shed feathers.
Most hummingbirds spread wings.
Most hummingbirds suck flowers.
Most hummingbirds thrive in regions.
Most hummingbirds use feathers.
Most hummingbirds use innovative market techniques.
Most hummingbirds use innovative techniques.
Most hummingbirds use market techniques.
Most hummingbirds use tail feathers.
Most hummingbirds use techniques.
Most hummingbirds visit bushes.
Most hummingbirds visit feeders.
Most hummingbirds visit flowers.
Most hummingbirds visit food.
Most hummingbirds visit gardens.
Most hummingbirds visit territory.
Most hummingbirds visit wildflowers.
Most hummingbirds weigh less than a penny.
Some hummingbirds are able to adapt well to gardens, given the right conditions.
Some hummingbirds are located in valleys.
Some hummingbirds catch small insects.
Some hummingbirds collect food.
Some hummingbirds collect nectar.
Some hummingbirds depend on insects.
Some hummingbirds depend on nests.
Some hummingbirds depend on trees.
Some hummingbirds depend on water.
Some hummingbirds depend on wetland.
Some hummingbirds eat bugs.
Some hummingbirds eat insects.
Some hummingbirds establish territory.
Some hummingbirds have consumption.
Some hummingbirds have flowers.
Some hummingbirds have oxygen consumption.
Some hummingbirds have prey.
Some hummingbirds have relative consumption.
Some hummingbirds have strength.
Some hummingbirds have symptoms.
Some hummingbirds lose body heat.
Some hummingbirds lose heat.
Some hummingbirds occur in Arkansas.
Some hummingbirds raise broods.
Some hummingbirds receive nectar.
Some hummingbirds require havens.
Some hummingbirds require stations.
Some hummingbirds return springs.
Some hummingbirds return to environments.
Some hummingbirds return to gardens.
Some hummingbirds return to homes.
Some hummingbirds return to regions.
Some hummingbirds return to trees.
Some hummingbirds shake wings.
Some hummingbirds starve to death.
Some hummingbirds suck nectar.
Some hummingbirds survive first years.
Some hummingbirds use energy.
Some hummingbirds visit nests.
Some hummingbirds visit trees.
Some hummingbirds visit vines.
Some hummingbirds visit yards.
A hummock is a hill
Hummocks also occur at the edges of the flat top.
Hummocks are where the roadway asphalt has pushed up in a wave-like shape.
Hummocks grow and their development seems to be regulated by hydrological conditions.
Hummocky surface is typical of avalanche deposits.
Humongous products are widely available at retail.
Humongous trees tower all around and the surreal canopy of green mosses casts a glow on everything.
All humor sites welcome.
Humor is fun
Humor is playfulness.
Humor is quality.
All humor here is clean and family friendly.
All humor is rated for suitability, and catagorized for easy navigation.
Any humor is appreciated.
Much humor arises from abrupt divergences from expectations.
Some humor comes from the unregenerate nature.
Some humor creates laughter at the expense of others.
Some humor is good.
Some humor is hit or miss, depending on the audience tastes, but the movie is funny overall.
Some humor is needed.
Some humor shown is optional.
Humoral antibody is also protective.
Humoral immunity involves the production of antibodies.
Humoral immunity is also important, as antibody can activate complement and is opsonic.
Humoral immunity is especially effective against small entities such as viruses.
Humoral immunity is used against bacteria, bacterial toxins, and viruses in the body's fluids.
Humoral immunity is usually unimpaired.
Humoral immunity means that the immunity is restricted to the blood.
Humoral immunity uses antibodies to defend against free virus.
Humoral memory is maintained by persistence of antigen specific antibodies in the blood.
Humorless people deserve what they get.
Humorous article explores ways to de-fuse road rage.
Humorous campaigns can offend.
Humorous cartoons help cement concepts into the student's memory.
Humorous cartoons pepper each section.
Humorous columns are extremely difficult to pull off successfully.
Humorous comments are always welcome if they further the discussion.
Humorous commercials lose their humor.
Humorous complications take place.
Humorous dialogue can make clients give up the rigidity that they have imposed upon themselves.
Humorous dialogues are more effective than others.
Humorous dogs stand in line for the fire hydrant.
Humorous drawings accompany each piece.
Humorous drawings help to illustrate the text.
Humorous drawings liven up the chapters, and the appendices include a detailed glossary.
Humorous editorials can be a welcome break from the serious content of a newspaper.
Humorous essays discuss blunders by Hollywood, TV and news media.
Humorous illustrations accompany traditional rhymes.
Humorous illustrations add to the story.
Humorous illustrations depicting real life situations complement the interesting texts.
Humorous illustrations engage the reader.
Humorous interludes gain strength from contrapuntal style changes.
Humorous laughter is identified as a means of reducing social arousal.
Some humorous letters are the result of our colleagues in other institutions.
Humorous mishaps occur.
Humorous pictures add to the fun and to the learning experience.
Humorous pieces are welcome.
Humorous poetry written right off the cuff, it seems is usually has been enough.
Humorous polls can freely toss aside any fairness standards.
Humorous portraits express styles of waiting.
Humorous sidebars help put things into perspective.
Humorous signs warn customers to keep a good attitude if they want a good price.
Humorous stories are also welcome.
Humorous stories are always welcome.
Humorous tales are always wonderful.
Humorous touches make studying more enjoyable.
Humorous touches save it from being a downer .
Humorous writings are popular everywhere in the world.
Humour causes smiles.
Humour comes in visual and verbal gags.
Humour is feeling
Humour works most of the time.
All humour has a target, and most is going to offend someone.
All humour has certain characteristics.
Humourous cartoons add interest to the text.
Humourous verses describe the many problems and joys of childhood.
Hump shoulders support heads.
A hump is a projection
Hump isa shape.
Humps are located in chinas.
Humps are part of camels.
Humps are really masses of fat that nourish the animals when food is scarce.
Humps can often hold fish.
Humps create the sections seen on the pin sheets, making it difficult to get easy birdie putts.
Humps reduce speed between intersections.
Humps run together.
A humpback whale is a whale
Humpback whales are mammals.
Humpback whales are whales.
Humpback whales create sound.
Humpback whales engage in activities.
Humpback whales feed on krill.
Humpback whales have baleen.
Humpback whales have flippers.
Humpback whales have methods.
Humpback whales have years.
Humpback whales live in oceans.
Humpback whales swim in oceans.
Humpback whales weigh tonnes.
Most humpback whales create sound.
Most humpback whales engage in activities.
Most humpback whales feed on krill.
Most humpback whales have flippers.
Most humpback whales have methods.
Most humpback whales have years.
Most humpback whales live in oceans.
Most humpback whales make mammoth journeys every year between their feeding and breeding sites.
Most humpback whales swim in oceans.
Most humpback whales weigh tonnes.
Some humpback whales feed during springs.
Some humpback whales feed on kinds.
Some humpback whales spin around causing fish to group up.
A humpback is a spinal curvature
Humpback isa abnormality.
Humpbacks also practice a behavior referred to as lunging.
Humpbacks also produce a variety of social sounds made by males and females.
Humpbacks also sing at fairly high frequencies, which further limit the distance their voices carry.
Humpbacks appear a few weeks later off Alaska.
Humpbacks appear to inherit a set of rules for creating their songs, within which they impovise.
Humpbacks are acrobats of the ocean, breaching and slapping the water.
Humpbacks are almost black in color with white along their flippers and undersides.
Humpbacks are baleen whales which means they filter their food through baleen plates.
Humpbacks are baleen whales, meaning they have no teeth.
Humpbacks are baleen whales, sifting their food through the baleen filtres unlike toothed whales.
Humpbacks are baleen whales.
Humpbacks are baleen whales.
Humpbacks are basically black or gray, with a white region on the throat and belly.
Humpbacks are black or gray with white markings on their throats and bellies, flippers and tails.
Humpbacks are both cosmopolitan found in all oceans and endangered.
Humpbacks are cripples.
Humpbacks are curious animals and sometimes approach close to boats.
Humpbacks are curious, and often pop their head up above the waterline to look around.
Humpbacks are easy to tell apart, using the black and white pattern on their tail flukes.
Humpbacks are famous for their songs that they sing.
Humpbacks are famous for their songs.
Humpbacks are found in all the world's oceans.
Humpbacks are generally blackish with white under and at the sides.
Humpbacks are highly migratory.
Humpbacks are mainly black on top and white underneath.
Humpbacks are older, bigger perch which produce meaty fillets.
Humpbacks are the acrobat of the whale world.
Humpbacks are the apple of the whale watcher's eye here.
Humpbacks are the most acrobatic of whales with many behaviors visible at the surface.
Humpbacks are the most articulate of all baleen whales.
Humpbacks are the most common.
Humpbacks are underwater crooners.
Humpbacks are very acrobatic whales that sing beautiful, complex songs.
Humpbacks are very docile.
Humpbacks are very energetic and show spectacular breaching behaviour.
Humpbacks breathe through the blow hole on top of their head.
Humpbacks calve every two years on average.
Humpbacks can consume a ton a food a day.
Humpbacks can consume nearly a ton of food in a day's time.
Humpbacks come in four different colors, ranging from white to black to mottled.
Humpbacks come to Hawaii's waters to mate, and to give birth.
Humpbacks eat by filtering food through baleen plates.
Humpbacks engage in fantastic courtship and mating behavior which can last for hours.
Humpbacks feed here on krill, shrimp, and various fish, including capelin.
Humpbacks feed on small schooling fish and krill.
Humpbacks gather into larger feeding groups and work together to surround and catch prey.
Humpbacks have a color pattern on the bottom of their tail that is distinct for individuals.
Humpbacks have a small dorsal fin toward the flukes.
Humpbacks have only one real predator that anyone knows about - killer whales.
Humpbacks have similar tendencies.
Humpbacks have tendencies.
Humpbacks like to show off for an audience.
Humpbacks lobtail more when the seas are rough and stormy.
Humpbacks make up most of the whale population off Massachusetts.
Humpbacks migrate between northern and southern latitudes in phase with the climactic cycle.
Humpbacks migrate each year from polar water feeding grounds to tropical water breeding grounds.
Humpbacks migrate seasonally, spending the summer in high latitudes and the winter in low latitudes.
Humpbacks migrate to the North.
Humpbacks offer the most animated shows off the California coast.
Humpbacks prefer to live along coasts.
Humpbacks sieve food from huge volumes of water using specialised fringed mouth-plates.
Humpbacks Sing for Their Supper Humpback whales have an interesting way of getting a meal.
Humpbacks spend the entire summer feeding here.
Humpbacks spend the warmer months in cool water and spend the winter in tropical waters.
Humpbacks still inhabit all of the world's oceans.
Humpbacks swim in pods of three or four as they migrate.
Humpbacks tend to swim near shore during migration, increasing the likelihood of a sighting.
Humpbacks use at least two methods of feeding.
Humpbacks sometimes cruise along the coast and can be seen breaching.
All humpbacks can vocalize.
Most humpbacks have similar tendencies.
Most humpbacks have tendencies.
Some humpbacks have a very unusual way of catching their food.
Some humpbacks have whitish, oval-shaped scars, which are the marks of parasitic sea lampreys.
Humus content is small because vegetation is sparse.
Humus content is the amount of organic matter, or humus, in the soil.
Humus material is excellent -to condition soils that crack badly in summer.
Humus molecules have a very high specific surface area and possess a net negative electrical charge.
Humus soil is made up of organic material.
Humus soil is the best with high nitrogen fertilizer.
Humus consists of materials.
Humus consists of such materials.
Humus contains carbon.
Humus creates a loose structure that simultaneously holds moisture and drains well.
Humus does make that moistening process easier.
Humus has a profound effect on the structure of many soils.
Humus has a very high specific surface area and possesses a net positive electrical charge.
Humus has other beneficial effects besides feeding soil microorganisms.
Humus has the holding power to retain cation nutients against leaching.
Humus is also an important storehouse of phosphorus and sulfur.
Humus is also the form of organic matter that most directly adds to a soil's productive properties.
Humus is created when soil is treated with a pH solution, but it never occurs in soil.
Humus is left after organic matter decomposes.
Humus is located in forests.
Humus is made up of a humic group and a nonhumic group .
Humus is paste
Humus is soil.
Humus isa dirt.
Humus provides slow release of all the nutrients which is essential for crops.
Humus provides the nutrients for new plant growth and holds moisture in the soil.
Much humus is found in the topsoil.
Some humus can be very beneficial for potato production.
Some humus contains water.
Hunan is part of Asia.
Hunan isa thing.
Hunch is bending.
Hunch is feeling
Hunch is websites.
Hunches are for dogs making love.
Hunches are just as valuable as knowledge.
Hunches pack decisive punches.
A hunchback is a spinal curvature
Hunchbacks love to jitterbug.
Hundreds of lights invade the night, shots, fierce dogs barking, bombs explode in the darkness.
Hundreds of lights shine out from windows.
Hundreds of seniors take our trips every year.
A hundred is a large integer
Hundreds already have.
Hundreds apply for each opening.
Hundreds apply to testify each year, and most have to be turned down.
Hundreds are available all across Southeastern Wisconsin.
Hundreds are available on Lake Cumberland, but are often booked solid during the summer season.
Hundreds are available on the Web.
Hundreds are busy day and night clearing away the debris and recovering the dead.
Hundreds are counties.
Hundreds are currently on the waiting list.
Hundreds are dead and a million are homeless.
Hundreds are dead and thousands injured.
Hundreds are dead or dying already.
Hundreds are in jail, many for life.
Hundreds are in the intersection.
Hundreds are in use.
Hundreds are listed at dumb warnings , the largest collection of it's kind, anywhere.
Hundreds are magnetic after being heated or tested with an electromagnet.
Hundreds are off the streets and in the workplace.
Hundreds are online.
Hundreds are pending.
Hundreds are reporters who watch it for story ideas.
Hundreds are sick.
Hundreds are staff reduced for new, ill-conceived programs.
Hundreds are without limbs due to explosions caused by mines and artillery fire.
Hundreds attend every game.
Hundreds attend every weekend night.
Hundreds attend the annual Spring Reunion and Fall Homecoming.
Hundreds attend the meeting.
Hundreds attend the powwow, which features colorful costumes and ample bargains.
Hundreds attend thoughtful and challenging workshops and main sessions.
Hundreds bask in the sun at close range.
Hundreds can attend a performance, lecture, film showing, do computer drills, or individual study.
Hundreds can gather in one area and their voices carry long distances.
Hundreds can tell of emotional experiences.
Hundreds compete for the Nobel Prize as the best in their field.
Hundreds demonstrate against the author in Kashmir.
Hundreds demonstrate at city hall.
Hundreds die each year from accidental carbon monoxide poisoning.
Hundreds die every day of starvation.
Hundreds die every day, in the camp, brigade and division hospitals.
Hundreds die every day.
Hundreds die every year.
Hundreds die from the heat, rock falls, or dynamite explosions.
Hundreds die in Cambodian floods.
Hundreds die of hunger and fatigue.
Hundreds die without taking medicines while in bedridden condition.
Hundreds die, more executed and jailed, victims' familys exiled.
Hundreds do each week.
Hundreds do so every year.
Hundreds download their free demo software for evaluation every day.
Hundreds drown in a tsunami, while scores of others are buried in an earthquake.
Hundreds exercise regularly in aerobics, aqua aerobics, and lap swimming programs.
Hundreds exist, see the library documentation at the Python web site .
Hundreds find help at New Song on a regular basis.
Hundreds flee as deadly gas rips countryside.
Hundreds flock to ski swap.
Hundreds fly over the farm daily now.
Hundreds form human line on beach.
Hundreds gather at their reunions.
Hundreds gather on Belgrade balconies daily to cheer on the students.
Hundreds generously donate their time to volunteer for community and campus activities.
Hundreds get through.
Hundreds Give Their Hearts a Walk .
Hundreds grieve with the stricken family.
Hundreds happen every day.
Hundreds here work in boat maintenance, canvas shops, boat design, and other marine trades.
Hundreds honor Georgia crash victims.
Hundreds join youth and community protest.
Hundreds live in the dorms, but just a few preside at dorm floor meetings.
Hundreds live in the storm drains under the billion-dollar Las Vegas casinos.
Hundreds live near Juneau and seen on many trips.
Hundreds live near Juneau.
Hundreds make all or most of their income from poker.
Hundreds make it to the top every year.
Hundreds march for peace Some chanted.
Hundreds more appear daily.
Hundreds more appear to be coming to the rest of northern Michigan.
Hundreds more receive only superficial coverage.
Hundreds more remain buried under landslides and crumbled homes.
Hundreds more remain missing and are believed dead.
Hundreds more suffer serious water related injuries.
Hundreds now exist on the Web.
Hundreds participate each winter.
Hundreds participate in special service-learning courses requiring significant community service.
Hundreds pepper our vocabulary.
Hundreds picket the newspaper, and workers crossing the picket line are jostled.
Hundreds play key roles running programs.
Hundreds pray for sainthood miracle.
Hundreds protest for a new election in Palm Beach, Florida.
Hundreds remain housed in cramped, government-run hotels under armed guard.
Hundreds remain in service throughout the world as cargo and charter planes.
Hundreds remain missing.
Hundreds remain stranded on rooftops or perched in trees, waiting to be rescued.
Hundreds ride buses and trains into Manhattan daily for work and pleasure.
Hundreds rush to the top of the stands, and their collective weight cracks rotten timbers.
Hundreds say yes due to their sightings.
Hundreds seek the tax credit so the rule needs to remain.
Hundreds step out to waltz, tango, cha-cha and polka.
Hundreds still are.
Hundreds suffer permanent brain damage.
Hundreds swoop down to engage in easy feeding.
Hundreds take the tests and it is tremendously competitive.
Hundreds trail behind, holding candles that flicker in the dark.
Hundreds try-out, a handful make it.
Hundreds tune in.
Hundreds use food stamps or other forms of federal assistance or the charity of fellow troops.
Hundreds use our services.
Hundreds visit the studio annually through concerts, open-houses, and personal tours.
Hundreds work for the good of the publishing name.
Hundreds work in Catholic dioceses in the U.S., filling a growing number of vacancies.
Many hundreds more are unreported.
Many hundreds more remain with the collection.
Many hundreds remain in civil service today.
Every hundredth respondent receives a free bandanna.
A hundredth is a fraction
Hundredths are rank.
Hundredths have two digits after the decimal point.
Hundredths indicate two digits after a decimal point.
Hung guys shoot wads into their mouths, boobs, and pussy.
Hungarian agriculture goes back for more than one thousand years.
Hungarian applicants has to authorize a foreign resident as representative in the relevant country.
Hungarian applicants has to authorize foreign representative resident in the relevant country.
Hungarian applicants have to authorize representatives residing in the relevant country.
Hungarian archaeologists do outstanding work in Egypt.
Hungarian bacon is smoked, covered in Paprika and full of intense flavor.
Hungarian banks are still afraid of lending to small businesses.
Hungarian banks have no special schemes to finance environmental investments.
Hungarian beer is acceptable if it's cold.
Many Hungarian businesses are bitterly opposed to environmental regulations.
Hungarian citizens require a valid visa to travel to Thailand.
Hungarian citizens travelling to Luxembourg are exempt from visa requirements.
Many Hungarian conductors work outside Hungary.
Hungarian consumers are, by all accounts, fickle when it comes to brand loyalty.
Hungarian counts have great estates.
Hungarian currency is convertible.
Hungarian dance is mainly couple dancing, singles and couples at all skill levels are welcome.
Hungarian dancers possess an esteem similar to that granted American athletes.
Hungarian dishes are fat and spiced.
Most Hungarian dishes lend themselves to white vinegar rather than red.
Hungarian doctors are highly qualified.
Hungarian exports are relatively high value added.
Hungarian faculty teach courses in English.
Hungarian firms is widespread.
Hungarian government takes down the barbed wire on the border with Austria.
Hungarian grandmothers demolish three pastries in one sitting.
Hungarian highways are generally in good condition.
Hungarian horses possess an uncommon mix of strength, stamina, courage and loyalty.
Hungarian humor incorporates pessimism, which then becomes a whimsical, light-hearted cynicism.
Hungarian importers have strong ties to South American soybean pellet exporters.
Hungarian legislation says adoption by foreigners goes ahead only after local options have failed.
Hungarian Notation can help.
Hungarian notation is presented as something almost unavoidable.
Hungarian notation is, when all is said and done, a commenting technique.
Hungarian officials are unable to verify the extent of money laundering.
Hungarian officials downplay a Western role in steering domestic policy.
Hungarian paprika is darker in color and richer in flavor than the domestic variety.
Hungarian partridge are still around in sufficient numbers to call for an open season.
Hungarian pastry is famous.
Hungarian people are very good in many sports like swimming, boxing and gymnastics.
Many Hungarian people think that the Internet is no more than a new ground for electronic crime.
Hungarian revolution is crushed by Soviet tanks.
Hungarian scientists claim to have found evidence of living organisms on Mars.
Hungarian specialties are a focus.
Hungarian teens light up and risk a host of chronic diseases and death.
Hungarian textbooks are under fire.
Hungarian uprising begins.
All Hungarian words are accented on the first syllable.
Hungary today is a leader in the world in suicide and has one of the lowest life-expectancy rates.
Hungary isa thing.
Hunger pangs come and go.
Hunger pangs help.
Hunger site seeks sustenance.
A hunger strike is fast
A hunger strike is nonviolence
Hunger strike ends.
Hunger accompanies poverty.
Hunger affects everyone and everyone can affect hunger.
Hunger affects nearly one-seventh of the world's population, and is inexpensively averted.
Hunger affects the young and old, men and women, boys and girls equally.
Hunger afflicts one out of seven people on Earth.
Hunger appears to be declining in the short term, probably aided by the booming economy.
Hunger begets crime.
Hunger bends people.
Hunger blisters to a colic bubble beneath the belly zip.
Hunger can be a good thing.
Hunger can be another.
Hunger can contribute to temper tantrums.
Hunger can detract from a good test performance.
Hunger can kill just as well as a bullet.
Hunger can make even road kill taste good.
Hunger can severely aggravate an already bad situation.
Hunger can strike at the most inopportune time.
Hunger causes a desire to buys.
Hunger causes a desire to cooks.
Hunger causes a desire to eats.
Hunger causes a desire to fish.
Hunger causes discomfort.
Hunger causes eating.
Hunger causes health problems.
Hunger causes problems.
Hunger causes significant health problems.
Hunger causes significant problems.
Hunger causes starvation.
Hunger comes in many forms.
Hunger continues to be a pervasive problem in the United States.
Hunger continues to impact our health, our children and our workforce.
Hunger creates a very strong physiological drive to eat.
Hunger cues Many bulimics get help with feelings of hunger by learning more about basic nutrition.
Hunger diminishes adults' health and ability to concentrate as well.
Hunger diminishes adults' health and concentration as well.
Hunger disappears after the first day.
Hunger dissipates quickly, followed by withering and depression.
Hunger divide like little florida state poster.
Hunger divide like little king cobra bags.
Hunger Do a little something about hunger every day.
Hunger does amazing things.
Hunger drives the chicks into the ocean in search of food.
Hunger erodes performance.
Hunger exists because of inequitable and inadequate distribution of food.
Hunger exists in rural areas as well as in urban areas.
Hunger exists in Southwestern Pennsylvania.
Hunger exists in virtually every corner of the world.
Hunger exists year round.
Hunger facts cont.
Hunger fast a sobering experience .
Hunger feeds on the quantity.
Hunger finds no fault with cookery.
Hunger folds are another sign of malnutrition.
Hunger follows war, as crops are ruined, food reserves are looted, and supply lines are cut off.
Hunger forces people to be what they never thought they'd become.
Hunger fuels conflict and crime, reduces productivity and shortens life span.
Hunger governs everywhere.
Hunger grows like a wild vine.
Hunger harms a child's ability to learn.
Hunger hurts lives and the life of the community as well.
Hunger ignites like a phosphorus match.
Hunger increases in parallel.
Hunger indicates the households' absolute poverty.
Hunger interferes with sleep.
Hunger invites focus.
Hunger involves more than food.
Hunger is a bigger obstacle to good schoolwork than clothing.
Hunger is a common problem.
Hunger is a component in more than half of the deaths of the world's children.
Hunger is a constant worry among the refugees.
Hunger is a constraint to their economic and social development.
Hunger is a cry that needs to be answered.
Hunger is a demanding task master.
Hunger is a desire for food and is normal.
Hunger is a difficult thing to tackle.
Hunger is a drive
Hunger is a factor that is influenced in part by water temp and available forage.
Hunger is a form of pain which disappears in the extrem- ity of starvation.
Hunger is a good and enjoyable experience but it is meant to be taken in cycles.
Hunger is a good motivating force.
Hunger is a good sauce.
Hunger is a great tragedy afflicting humanity.
Hunger is a healthy sign.
Hunger is a major consequence of poverty.
Hunger is a major constraint on human development and the realization of human rights.
Hunger is a major problem in the wake of the economic crisis.
Hunger is a major problem, but the whole situation is difficult.
Hunger is a natural desire of a living being.
Hunger is a never-ending problem.
Hunger is a persistent problem here in America.
Hunger is a physiological response to the absence of food.
Hunger is a political and social problem.
Hunger is a political condition.
Hunger is a powerful and potentially painful drive.
Hunger is a powerful thing.
Hunger is a pretty good motivator.
Hunger is a primary binge trigger, but so are uncomfortable emotional states.
Hunger is a problem of production.
Hunger is a problem that's on the rise.
Hunger is a problem which is at our doorstep.
Hunger is a rapidly growing problem in America and around the world.
Hunger is a real and immediate issue in our communities.
Hunger is a real problem in our world and even in the Charlotte community.
Hunger is a reality in many communities across New York State.
Hunger is a reality.
Hunger is a related signal.
Hunger is a result of poverty, and there is a predominance of low paying jobs.
Hunger is a risk factor for an in-flight emergency.
Hunger is a seducer to enervate the population.
Hunger is a serious issue, especially in America.
Hunger is a significant factor in the daily lives of thousands of men, women, and children.
Hunger is a silent crisis affecting families all across America.
Hunger is a stark fact of life for large numbers of households.
Hunger is a terrible thing.
Hunger is a tragedy.
Hunger is a universal symbol of deprivation and an important indicator of extreme poverty.
Hunger is a very powerful physiological force that creates a strong desire to eat.
Hunger is a very powerful urge.
Hunger is a very real problem facing millions of adults and children in the United States every day.
Hunger is a violation of human dignity.
Hunger is a weapon.
Hunger is a worldwide problem that grows with each new war, drought, flood, and earthquake.
Hunger is a worldwide problem.
Hunger is a year-round issue.
Hunger is also a fact of life for many of the nation's older citizens.
Hunger is also inconsistent with our conscience.
Hunger is an all-acoustic and spoken word record, recorded with upright bass and guitar.
Hunger is an amazing motivator.
Hunger is an annual statewide initiative to raise funds to feed the hungry in Arizona.
Hunger is an effect of poverty and poverty is largely a political issue.
Hunger is an inevitable outcome when war disrupts food production.
Hunger is an informed and marvelous first collection of short stories.
Hunger is an insult to the fundamental values of the international community.
Hunger is an issue that many of the students themselves are currently facing.
Hunger is an overriding factor of judgement in many cases.
Hunger is another cause.
Hunger is as much a deterrant to falling asleep as is having a heavy meal.
Hunger is blind.
Hunger is by no means a pleasant sensation.
Hunger is chemical affinity, the desire inherent in atoms for one another.
Hunger is contest between rich countries and poor countries.
Hunger is damaging and avoidable.
Hunger is definitely a risk factor for an in-flight emergency.
Hunger is desire.
Hunger is desire.
Hunger is desperate and powerless, without reason or strength.
Hunger is drives.
Hunger is endemic and on the rise in Africa.
Hunger is endemic.
Hunger is everywhere' Unprecedented prosperity is the cliche.
Hunger is everywhere.
Hunger is evident in both city and country.
Hunger is evil, and it is worse when hunger and loss of hope or faith to take action go together.
Hunger is feelings.
Hunger is felt by a slave and hunger is felt by a king.
Hunger is felt only in the present.
Hunger is found even amidst affluence, and in cities as well as in rural areas.
Hunger is human made - created out of plenty.
Hunger is humanity's oldest and deadliest enemy.
Hunger is human-made.
Hunger is just what is sounds like.
Hunger is less acute, stores are full, and even some medicines are available.
Hunger is little inhibited, and usualh' leads to gluttony.
Hunger is man-made.
Hunger is more important than sleep.
Hunger is more than a physical thing.
Hunger is more than a sensation.
Hunger is more than just food.
Hunger is never delicate.
Hunger is no myth.
Hunger is no stranger to the needy people in many parts of the world.
Hunger is nonexistent.
Hunger is often the result of direct political decisions.
Hunger is one example of motivation which creates the desire to eat.
Hunger is one of a set of seemingly intractable global issues.
Hunger is one of our basic appetites, and greed resulting in gluttony is one of our basic sins.
Hunger is one the most powerful urges that humans experience.
Hunger is our lot.
Hunger is our very nature.
Hunger is overwhelmingly a problem attributed to human endeavor, however.
Hunger is part of life and they accept it.
Hunger is present in low-income locations within the States.
Hunger is rampant in the developing world.
Hunger is rampant.
Hunger is rape, molestation, alcoholism, dowry, female infanticide and feticide.
Hunger is reduced.
Hunger is satisfied.
Hunger is sensation.
Hunger is sometimes just thirst in disguise.
Hunger is still a major problem.
Hunger is still rampant but it often remains invisible.
Hunger is still the world's number one killer of people.
Hunger is strongly related to poverty and other economic factors.
Hunger is such a basic and persistent state that there is no sense trying to overcome it.
Hunger is terrible.
Hunger is the best cook.
Hunger is the best pickle.
Hunger is the best sauce - but a nice curry comes close.
Hunger is the best sauce.
Hunger is the body's signal that it needs food.
Hunger is the body's signal to take in food.
Hunger is the constant corrosive companion of millions.
Hunger is the craving for food that is associated with objective sensations.
Hunger is the direct result of social and economic causes.
Hunger is the first issue on the list.
Hunger is the first threshold to cross in eradicating poverty.
Hunger is the first threshold to cross on the way out of poverty.
Hunger is the greatest disease.
Hunger is the handmaid of genius.
Hunger is the monitor image of appetite, the drive to get food.
Hunger is the most basic indicator of economic distress.
Hunger is the most influential disease.
Hunger is the most severe level of food insecurity.
Hunger is the mother of impatience and anger.
Hunger is the quiet, forgotten, daily catastrophe.
Hunger is the result of a series of political and economic decisions.
Hunger is the result of economic, social and political decisions.
Hunger is the result of overpopulation.
Hunger is the same, no matter where the people are.
Hunger is the supreme disease.
Hunger is unacceptable.
Hunger is usually their lure beyond the burrow's portal.
Hunger is what makes diets fail.
Hunger is what many people suffered from.
Hunger is widespread in India.
Hunger isa condition.
Hunger kills people's incentive, sapping their strength, both physically and emotionally.
Hunger knows jack crap about control.
Hunger knows neither caprice nor greediness.
Hunger knows no boundaries.
Hunger knows no schedule.
Hunger knows no season.
Hunger leads to desperation.
Hunger leads to tomorrow's poverty as well.
Hunger leave Crowd beyond little breadth alongside several piece.
Hunger leaves many people feeling guilty.
Hunger lies still.
Hunger limits people s ability to learn and be productive.
Hunger lives in every vernacular, requiring no technical definitions or foreign vocabulary.
Hunger looks like the man that hunger is killing.
Hunger looms in Somalia following poor rains.
Hunger makes people more likely to splurge and overeat later.
Hunger makes stark and raw our humanness, or human neediness and fragility.
Hunger manifests itself in subtle ways.
Hunger now touches many people.
Hunger pains because hunger kills.
Hunger passes from hungry mother to malnourished child.
Hunger persists in other parts of the region as well.
Hunger persists throughout the world.
Hunger pervades the land in the midst of plenty.
Hunger prevents farmers from planting their fields.
Hunger puts our kids at risk of malnutrition and the lifetime of chronic illness that can result.
Hunger reduces the ability of adults to learn job skills and be productive citizens.
Hunger remains a daily battle for many, organizers say.
Hunger remains a pervasive reality for millions of people in the United States, as well.
Hunger remains a problem in America.
Hunger remains a problem, however, especially during droughts like the one Kenya is undergoing now.
Hunger remains a stark fact of life for large numbers of households.
Hunger represents a basic denial of the opportunity for people to develope to their potentials.
Hunger represents a level of food insecurity.
Hunger results from severe weather, wars or government mismanagement.
Hunger Rises Amid Prosperity.
Hunger rises from extreme poverty, sometimes in conjunction with war and famine.
Hunger sets in with a loss of family and community.
Hunger sets in.
Hunger Site- Make a free daily donation of food to a needy country.
Hunger slices through the wheat fields of invisible tongues.
Hunger speaks of a lack.
Hunger stalks the Valley s working class.
Hunger stimulates nourishment.
Hunger stops when rationing stops.
Hunger striker back in jail.
Hunger takes place after the body has used up all the excess stored in the body.
Hunger threatens our moral fabric and our future productivity.
Hunger turns to hesitation.
Hunger Walk Photos See photos of last year's walk.
Hunger works, too.
Hunger always brings with it significant costs to the individuals it touches and to all of society.
Hunger always have enough force to shatter our month-long travel plan.
Hunger often disappears after a day or two.
Hunger often leads to overeating.
Most hunger accompanies poverty.
Most hunger causes health problems.
Most hunger causes problems.
Most hunger causes significant health problems.
Most hunger causes significant problems.
Some hunger drives hyenas.
Some hunger is caused by drought.
Some hunger is caused by prolong drought.
Hungerings is experiencings.
Hungry adults emerge, and maturation feeding is done in young shoots of pines.
Hungry anacondas hang about along riverbanks, waiting for their prey to come near the river.
Hungry animals are more apt to challenge a fence than well fed ones.
Hungry animals are more apt to challenge a fence than well-fed ones.
Hungry animals are more likely to eat poisonous plants.
Hungry animals eat food.
Hungry animals eat meat.
Most hungry animals eat food.
Most hungry animals eat meat.
Hungry babies develop a good attitude about food.
Hungry bellies have no ears.
Hungry bird is heedless.
Hungry birds eat berries.
Hungry birds make sound.
Hungry birds patrol the area.
Most hungry birds eat berries.
Most hungry birds make sound.
Hungry cats use ears.
Hungry caterpillars feed on foliage.
Hungry caterpillars use jaws.
Hungry caterpillars use strong jaws.
Most hungry caterpillars feed on foliage.
Most hungry caterpillars use jaws.
Most hungry caterpillars use strong jaws.
Hungry children are a lot more receptive to new or different foods.
Hungry children are immoral.
Hungry children are unhappy children, so make sure they have plenty of snacks for the ride.
Hungry children are up to three times more likely than others to have health problems.
Hungry children can be lethargic or disruptive.
Hungry children can t learn.
Hungry coaches fill the hotel lobbies.
All hungry crocodiles are dangerous animals.
Hungry deer can eliminate young hardwood trees, removing important natural winter food.
Hungry deer cross the open grasses to feed on the healthy greenery surrounding the pond.
Some hungry dogs are downright unabidable.
Hungry elephants rampage over farmers' land, destroying crops and sometimes killing people.
Hungry fighters fight tough fights.
Hungry fingers dig in, raising yellow petals.
Hungry fleas transmit diseases.
Most hungry fleas transmit diseases.
Hungry gators leap for chicken appetizers encouraged by the cheers of a fascinated audience.
Hungry guard foils heroin delivery in burrito .
Hungry hearts Turn up the heat in the kitchen.
Hungry herbivores seek a warmer world.
Hungry hippies pilfer some of the giant heads.
Hungry hussy is treated to a spuzz sundae.
Some hungry hydras respond to same stimuli.
Some hungry hydras respond to stimuli.
Hungry insects eat plants.
Most hungry insects eat plants.
Hungry leeches have higher levels of serotonin in their blood and are more likely to swim.
Hungry lions eat people, unless they are trained otherwise, or frightened of violence.
Hungry men think the cook lazy.
Some hungry men work in fields.
Hungry mothers pass on their hunger to their children.
Hungry parents are even worse.
Hungry people are less concerned with streets paved with gold than with their immediate needs.
Hungry people are located in supermarkets.
Hungry people are unhappy people.
Hungry people are unstoppable.
Hungry people can only keep their concern with politics alive for so long.
Hungry people come and go.
Hungry people have no money to buy food or land to grow it on.
Hungry people have their faults, like everyone else.
Hungry people lack the opportunity to end their own hunger.
Hungry people like to eat turkey a lot.
Hungry people receive food.
Hungry people steal to eat.
Hungry people tend to buy more food than they planned on.
Hungry pickers have a tendency to clear the herb completely out.
Hungry predators cruise the waters, and human anglers have a taste for fish.
Hungry predators look for meals.
Most hungry predators look for meals.
Hungry rabbits go in the direction of carrots and eat from a carrot if it is near enough. .
Hungry redfish enter the flooding marsh searching for crabs.
Hungry rodents injure the bark on young trees by feeding on it during winter food shortages.
Some hungry sailors hunt birds.
Some hungry sailors hunt dodo birds.
Hungry sheep cause mayhem when they dine in a teashop.
Hungry shoppers are welcome to partake.
Hungry shoppers can catch breakfast, lunch, dinner or a quick snack in nine international cafes.
Hungry shorebirds follow to feast on the eggs.
Hungry soldiers take villagers' crops and livestock.
Hungry specimens are more active than well-fed individuals.
Hungry students chow down before finals.
Hungry teens have a hard time holding off for the next meal.
Hungry tigers await.
Hungry tourists break for a bite to eat.
Hungry troops break just long enough to tell some stories and get some chow.
Many hungry trout prefer the upstream feeding location, where they see the food coming sooner.
Hungry visitors can search for name, area, or type of food.
Hungry visitors have no problem finding a restaurant to suit their tastes.
A hunk is a man
Every hunk contains the necessary information to patch a file.
Hunky sailor loses bet to get bum fucked.
Hunt birds have feathers.
Hunt County has only three inmates in the county jail.
Hunt group is nothing but a group of subscribers with a common identity.
Hunt methods are spot and stalk, ground blinds, and tree stands.
Hunt parties lose concentration.
Most hunt parties lose concentration.
Hunt permits are transferable.
Hunt predators have consequences.
Hunt regulations include components.
Hunt rifles have barrels.
Most hunt rifles have barrels.
Some hunt rifles have ranges.
Hunt techniques include use.
Hunt techniques involve individuals.
Hunt Valley is a desired destination for technology companies to locate their operations.
Hunt Valley is fortunate to have a community that supports our school's efforts.
A hunt is labor
Hunt advises tour participants to wear their boots and a hat.
Hunt again founders by confusing Vatican City and Rome.
Hunt agrees, but from a more pragmatic point of view.
Hunt already plays some tackle.
Hunt also feels politics is something people are becoming more emotional about.
Hunt answers quickly.
Hunt appears half-naked from the other room.
Hunt argues that part of the revolutionary language derives from the fear in France of conspiracy.
Hunt bargains through church thrift shops, tag sales or garage sales.
Hunt bears on forest fringe and in the heart of Saskatchewan's grain fields.
Hunt believes so.
Hunt brings good defensive skills, and an accurate throwing arm to the Bearcats.
Hunt cares about.
Hunt comes from Washington, D.C. area and is an active athlete with a nose for the ball.
Hunt compares that with other manufacturers' extranets.
Hunt compares the future of women's philanthropy to the future of women in politics.
Hunt concedes that career options also figure in.
Hunt consists of trophy elk, moose, bear, and wolf.
Hunt denies the charges.
Hunt directs it without a trace of irony but a fair amount of realism.
Hunt discusses issues related to the validity of meta-analyses.
Hunt does a good job of making the movie funny without being too sweet.
Hunt ends at sunset or bag limit.
Hunt Find clues to the past on historic plaques in Old Town Alexandria.
Hunt follows a long line of cycling educators.
Hunt Give each child a paper bag, or, better yet, a net bag, in which to place the captured prey.
Hunt Go on a bug hunt to answer questions about insects.
Hunt Go outside with magnifying glasses and hunt for ants.
Hunt has offices and postings in most major Canadian cities.
Hunt helps lead a pivotal part of that process.
Hunt hopes the dictionary serves as an important measure of the progress of the gay rights movement.
Hunt hopes to be basking again in that glory very soon, but at a new school.
Hunt ignores the liturgical meaning of the colors purple and red in Catholic symbolism.
Hunt illustrates each topic thoroughly and precisely.
Hunt includes all lodging, meals, camping, meat and airport pickup.
Hunt is a beautiful actress.
Hunt is a former linebacker converted into a defensive lineman.
Hunt is a junior communication major.
HUNT is a multijurisdictional drug task force that investigates all levels of drug dealers.
Hunt is a notably successful businessman.
Hunt is a program for intruding into a connection, watching it and resetting it.
Hunt is a program for intruding into a tcp connection, watching it and resetting it.
Hunt is a skilled canoeist, able to guide a loaded canoe single-handed through whitewater.
Hunt is a strong proponent of capital punishment.
Hunt is a testament that such programs pay dividends.
Hunt is a very strong and physical player.
Hunt is active in the field of cardiac transplantation, locally, nationally and internationally.
Hunt is also available to answer parenting questions.
Hunt is an adept critic of theory.
Hunt is an American sculptor at the apex of a prolific and successful career.
Hunt is an equal opportunity affirmative action employer.
Hunt is an excellent, informative and pleasant speaker, whose lecture was well worth attending.
Hunt is an infielder with roots in the Victorian age of England.
Hunt is an online calendar that allows the web user to input important dates directly unto the page.
Hunt is angry at everybody.
Hunt is applicable here.
Hunt is barred by state law from seeking another term.
Hunt is buried in the Crypt.
Hunt is committed to protecting our environment.
Hunt is determined to change the trend.
Hunt is distinguishable.
Hunt is faced with an interesting decision.
Hunt is intelligent, witty, beautiful, gritty, determined and willing to take risks.
Hunt is married.
Hunt is now that tour guide.
Hunt is on for an actor to play the lead.
Hunt is on for the Last of the 'fossil' fish.
Hunt is one of the most important carvers who helped create the contemporary gem carving scene.
Hunt is possibly the most overrated actress.
Hunt is publisher, sells advertising and handles the business end.
Hunt is selective with information.
Hunt is self-employed in the drywall construction business.
Hunt is set in charge of figuring out where the body came from and what it's doing on the moon.
Hunt is sharp, tart and breezy but a little overshadowed.
Hunt is so smart, tough, and sensual all at once.
Hunt is spot and stalk.
Hunt is the boy's alcoholic mother who becomes involved with Spacey's character.
Hunt is the general contractor.
Hunt is the nation's largest builder of military family housing.
Hunt is the odoriferous rough-hewn type who tries to eat pine cones.
Hunt is the recruiting coordinator and the assistant middle distance and distance coach.
Hunt is the second recipient, and the first still to be engaged in the advertising business.
Hunt is the son of a schoolteacher and grew up on a farm in North Carolina.
Hunt is told to search for the terrorists and recover the virus.
Hunt is very good, too.
Hunt lines a single to right.
Hunt lodges fishing deposits.
Hunt narrates the film, which takes place at a wedding.
Hunt negotiates a fantastic salary.
Hunt overhears the last part.
Hunt owns a cattle farm about three miles from the reservoir.
Hunt plans to become a music theory teacher or enter the music industry as a composer.
Hunt plans to major in English literature and philosophy.
Hunt plays the hard-ridden, recovering alcoholic, single mom with grit and heart.
Hunt promises to get a lot of money for someone.
Hunt recalls making a bond presentation in New York City.
Hunt remains hospitalized.
Hunt removes a pupae from a cardboard ring that researchers place in fields.
Hunt represents a few of the known relatives of the survivors and victims of the crash.
Hunt resides in Chicago, Illinois.
Hunt returns to the series after a seven year absence.
Hunt rises nearly every morning for self-imposed six o'clock workouts.
Hunt rules out Cisco as a potential buyer.
Hunt says advertising is only one part of the business process.
Hunt says communication was the key to involving all employees in the organization's improvement.
Hunt says money also motivates people to stay in power.
Hunt says prosecutors are doing the best they can.
Hunt says selfish people avoid seeing the truth.
HUNT Search the internet to answer each of the following.
Hunt seems to think that what is wrong with fascist terror is primarily economic exploitation.
Hunt sets forth a three-prong standing test for unincorporated associations.
Hunt specializes in real estate appraisal and property tax administration.
Hunt spends like a drunk despite the state budget shortage.
Hunt springboards back in time, to cover the group's astounding popularity.
Hunt starts at sunrise.
Hunt still waits word on the life saying effort.
Hunt struggles, working against type as a trashy, bleached blonde, undereducated alcoholic.
Hunt suggests finding a happy medium whenever possible.
Hunt takes the risk of laying the emotions on thick, but has the honesty to pull it off.
Hunt teaches about money.
Hunt thinks that is malarkey.
Hunt Tracking down affordable fertility meds is a priority for many.
Hunt uses ceremony to educate.
Hunt walks to load the bases.
Hunt wants all smoking banned on all campuses.
Hunt wants to destroy it, and Ambrose wants to sell it to the highest bidder.
Hunt withdraws after riots by male students.
Hunt writes from within a Marxist frame of reference.
Hunts advertised are fair chase.
Hunts are all horseback, pack-in, taking place from backcountry tent camps.
Hunts are all inclusive - no hidden charges.
Hunts are available for whitetail, deer, turkey and more.
Hunts are available in all-inclusive and day hunt packages.
Hunts are available in the morning and afternoon by reservation only.
Hunts are by application procedure.
Hunts are by special arrangement.
Hunts are clubs.
Hunts are five days in length.
Hunts are for a one-day minimum.
Hunts are free and open to the public.
Hunts are from elevated box blinds overlooking food plots, senderos or feeders.
Hunts are important.
Hunts are labor.
Hunts are limited to five people or less.
Hunts are limited to one hunter per hunt.
Hunts are mainly in the late afternoon and evening unless the timers prove otherwise.
Hunts are morning and afternoon.
Hunts are one week long, two hunters per guide.
Hunts are only available by draw through the state of New Mexico.
Hunts are outdoor sports.
Hunts are searchs.
Hunts are spot and stalk.
Hunts are strictly limited to just a few guests at a time.
Hunts are successful about half the time.
Hunts are usually one day events, longer ones are available upon request.
Hunts begin and end at noon except for opening weekend.
Hunts can range from all day long to several days.
Hunts consist of one buck and two doe deer.
Hunts do attempt to kill the coyote with limited success.
Hunts fill early in the year.
Hunts Find a Hunt on the web in the UK or overseas.
Hunts generally take place on or adjacent to food plots planted in wheat, oats, and rye grass.
Hunts insects on the wing from dusk.
Hunts range from.
Hunts regulated by permit are more likely to be fully guided and catered.
Hunts start by driving.
Hunts take place in spring and fall.
Hunts take place in the morning and early evening.
Hunt always seems aware of the camera.
Hunts usually range from one to three days.
All hunts are a fair chase.
All hunts are available by permit only.
All hunts are by lottery only.
All hunts are by permit only.
All hunts are by reservation only.
All hunts are combination hunts with elk being our primary animal hunted.
All hunts are exciting though because they are all different.
All hunts are fair chase and absolutely no high fencing is used.
All hunts are fair chase only.
All hunts are foot hunts only and are suitable for all age groups.
All hunts are free range and fair chase.
All hunts are free.
All hunts are from blinds over deer trails or feeders.
All hunts are Guided.
All hunts are live on the boat type hunts.
All hunts are on private land.
All hunts are one guide to one hunter, fair chase.
All hunts are over active baits from safe tree stands.
All hunts are over baited stations.
All hunts are seven days unless noted differently.
All hunts are strenuous and physically demanding due to harsh terrain of Arizona.
All hunts are strictly fair chase.
All hunts are with experienced guides using custom hunt buggies.
All hunts can be either archery, rifle, handgun, or muzzleloader.
All hunts conducted with licensed guide and highly trained dogs are available for use.
All hunts consist of one hunter per guide.
All hunts consist of seven days, with a limited number of two hunters per party.
All hunts end at noon.
All hunts feature the best service, cuisine, and best camp accommodations available.
All hunts have a guide in charge.
All hunts require a guide.
All hunts require a minimum of two hunters per party.
All hunts require an advanced deposit.
All hunts require landowner permission.
All hunts take place on large sheep and cattle ranches for which the outfitter has exclusive rights.
Every hunt begins with pre-season scouting.
Every hunt is a new experience.
Every hunt sharpens the hunter's skills.
Every hunt takes the hunter into new backroads territory of nearby counties.
Most hunts allow their gentlemen members to wear red coats.
Most hunts are four days.
Most hunts are open to any legal methods and means.
Most hunts are stand hunts with occasional drives considered.
Most hunts fail with only one in six being successful.
Most hunts fail.
Most hunts have more than one master.
Most hunts normally have a vehicle containing terrier men.
Most hunts take place at twilight when the temperature is coolest and there is little light.
Most hunts take place in covered ground pits in flooded rice or bean fields.
Most hunts take place out of comfortable pit blinds or layout blinds.
Some hunts allow one deer, others two, and some three.
Some hunts are already booked, so call soon for availability.
Some hunts don' t end up all that successful.
Some hunts prohibit use of an electronic probe because it gives the competitor a distinct advantage.
Some hunts work differently at different stages of cell growth .
Hunted animals are too sickly.
Hunted animals tend to have a far broader field of view.
Hunted creatures are about to confront their ultimate fear.
Hunter gatherers eat big meals.
Hunter gatherers eat meals.
Most hunter gatherers eat big meals.
Most hunter gatherers eat meals.
Hunter River flows through Hunter Valley, also known as one of the best wine districts in Australia.
Hunter syndrome develops when a defective chromosome is inherited from the child's mother.
Hunter syndrome is inherited as an X-linked disease.
Hunter syndrome is what's known as an X-linked recessive disease.
Hunter syndrome occurs predominantly in males.
Hunter syndromes depend on severity.
Most hunter syndromes depend on severity.
Hunter trials are an informal cross-country competition.
A hunter is a skilled worker
Hunter bleeds and bleeds.
Hunter bounces up and down.
Hunter finish close to factory finish in looks.
Hunter isa worker.
Hunter plays hockey with intensity, deflecting shots deftly in the goal.
Hunter wines at their very best.
Hunter works in community development and administration.
Hunters acquire chances.
Hunters also are welcome to stay before and after their hunting trips.
Hunters also cite crowding as a drawback.
Hunters also earn preference points when hunts they apply for are later canceled.
Hunters also enjoy the richly wooded area around Niles.
Hunters also favor the area for the abundance of turkey, deer, squirrel and rabbit.
Hunters also kill animals for special items.
Hunters also kill pacas for their tasty flesh, which is eaten.
Hunters also make considerable use of the area.
Hunters also note that the mourning dove is migratory.
Hunters also pay for management of deer.
Hunters also receive a special gift, photo and blaze orange hunting cap.
Hunters also shoot dove, quail, squirrel, fox and an occasional bobcat.
Hunters also take dove, quail squirrel, fox and an occasional bobcat.
Hunters also take dove, quail, squirrel, fox and an occasional bobcat.
Hunters appear to be killing an average number of deer that are average in antler development.
Hunters appear to want maximum hunting opportunity.
Hunters apply in a lottery for both the dates and the area they prefer.
Hunters apply in groups of two or four, but each group can kill only one moose.
Hunters apply in parties of two for a permit lottery.
Hunters apply to hunt within particular geographic areas in the state which.
Hunters appreciate the gray squirrel as a game species.
Hunters are a minority in Alaska, but their allies are in the majority in the state Legislature.
Hunters are able to obtain high prices for tapir products, accelerating the rate of their decline.
Hunters are already divided.
Hunters are already out hunting lots of deer and elk.
Hunters are also masters of stealth, quieter than an owl in flight.
Hunters are also subject to any federal, state, or municipal firearms regulations.
Hunters are also subject to stiff fines for practicing the sport without all appropriate permits.
Hunters are also welcome to practice their own duck calling.
Hunters are an endangered species.
Hunters are as interested and concerned about public safety as the rest of the Canadian population.
Hunters are campers.
Hunters are close combat experts.
Hunters are confused.
Hunters are deservedly popular.
Hunters are ecological opportunists who gladly take from the land and give nothing in return.
Hunters are especially at high risk for infection.
Hunters are free to move around in assigned areas.
Hunters are happy about having guaranteed access to the land.
Hunters are increasingly on the defensive.
Hunters are just today's target.
Hunters are limited to one dog in any area where the general deer season is open.
Hunters are limited to one turkey in the spring season.
Hunters are limited to the deer management area on the hunter's choice permit or bonus permit.
Hunters are limited to the purchase of a single permit for the season.
Hunters are located in forests.
Hunters are masters of stalking their prey.
Hunters are modest and understate their exploits.
Hunters are more apt to put on belly fat later in life.
Hunters are more likely to get a clear shot.
Hunters are more successful when they work together.
Hunters are more than welcome.
Hunters are Ogres who prefer solitude over company.
Hunters are only to shoot at heading away birds and only after they clear the dogs.
Hunters are our allies.
Hunters are part of Wisconsin's deer management program.
Hunters are people who are focused in their search.
Hunters are people.
Hunters are reluctant to hunt wolves because the bounty is too low, they claim.
Hunters are responsable for lodging fees.
Hunters are responsible for bringing their own portable treestand.
Hunters are responsible for everything that occurs on a hunt - whether on public or private land.
Hunters are responsible for getting their own licenses.
Hunters are responsible for keeping their blind sites free of bait.
Hunters are responsible for knowing the regulations before hunting.
Hunters are responsible for licenses, guns, stamps, ammunition, and transportation.
Hunters are responsible for meals, either cooking in the cabins or eating in local restaurants.
Hunters are responsible for most of the dwindling numbers of rare animals.
Hunters are responsible for obtaining and learning state regulations and county park regulations.
Hunters are responsible for their dog's actions.
Hunters are responsible for their own alcoholic beverages and soft drinks.
Hunters are responsible for their own alcoholic beverages and softdrinks.
Hunters are seekers.
Hunters are skilled workers.
Hunters are some of America's greatest environmentalists.
Hunters are still able to kill a few each year.
Hunters are still responsible for making sure no bait is present before they begin hunting.
Hunters are subject to closures and restrictions and to all general safety and vehicle regulations.
Hunters are the best means of reducing the overpopulation.
Hunters are the first in line with respect to mobilizing the effort to protect the environment.
Hunters are the hunted.
Hunters are the primary customers of the smith.
Hunters are the real managers.
Hunters are the same.
Hunters are the usual visitors.
Hunters are the worst for misuse of the trails.
Hunters are there for a purpose and have a small set of criteria for their buying decision.
Hunters are traditionally liars.
Hunters are transported to and from their hunting location via government vehicles.
Hunters are usually surprised at the size of the dog.
Hunters are watchs.
Hunters are welcome to bring their dogs and kennels and dog food are available during their stay.
Hunters are welcome to bring their own dog.
Hunters are welcome to bring their own portable stands, if they wish.
Hunters are welcome to bring their personal dogs.
Hunters are welcome to enjoy the sportsman's paradise that our area has to offer.
Hunters are welcome to keep the bands they report.
Hunters are welcome to use the cooking facilities at the lodge if they wish to bring their own food.
Hunters are welcome.
Hunters are well-informed, trained, licensed gun owners.
Hunters are willing to pay for a quality experience.
Hunters are willing to pay for quality deer hunting.
Hunters are, therefore, legally obligated to know the difference between hens and gobblers.
Hunters arrive at the shooting field via horse and wagon.
Hunters arrive on scenes.
Hunters attack prey.
Hunters become cold very quickly when calling for a long period of time from a stationary position.
Hunters become more willing to transport slaves over long distances.
Hunters believe that wild animals are merely moving objects waiting to die anyway.
Hunters bring licenses from previous year or hunters safety certificate.
Hunters buy guns, bullets, special clothes for camouflage, as well as other items to use.
Hunters can also bring snacks.
Hunters can also buy the permit by mailing an application to the Cheyenne office.
Hunters can also choose to travel to base camp by helicopter at an extra cost.
Hunters can also expect to find limited woodcock and bobwhite quail hunting opportunities.
Hunters can also find out which zone and season they received.
Hunters can also pursue white-tailed deer, ruffed grouse and gray squirrels.
Hunters can also stay in a quality motel located nearby.
Hunters can also take advantage of our combination hunts.
Hunters can also write in to have their questions answered on air by the experts.
Hunters can apply for modern gun, primitive gun or archery hunting.
Hunters can apply for the free permits any time throughout the fall.
Hunters can be doggedly stubborn about so many things.
Hunters can be family, friends or reliable new acquaintances.
Hunters can be scent free in seconds.
Hunters can buy no more than three antlerless tags a year.
Hunters can choose between caplocks and flintlocks.
Hunters can choose from several fair chase hunting packages and combinations, which vary in length.
Hunters can choose from waterfowl, woodcock, partridge, pheasant and deer.
Hunters can do themselves a favor by being good marksmen.
Hunters can enhance the odds for success by learning to identify hog signs.
Hunters can expect similar results the next three weeks.
Hunters can expect to encounter elk every day.
Hunters can expect to find deer, bear, turkey, squirrel and grouse.
Hunters can expect to see many turkeys if they spend time hunting around game lands.
Hunters can find a great selection of camo and rain gear.
Hunters can find access to much of the private land just by being polite and asking.
Hunters can find quail, duck, and deer, with quail being most prevalent.
Hunters can find quail, mourning dove, and mule deer here.
Hunters can go after deer, rabbit, quail and mountain lion.
Hunters can go out as a group, making one die roll with bonuses.
Hunters can harvest an additional two antlerless deer per hunt during coinciding State doe days.
Hunters can harvest buck deer for only the first five days of each combined rifle season.
Hunters can have partners.
Hunters can help by properly identifying their targets before shooting.
Hunters can help.
Hunters can hunt for deer, turkey, hogs and goats at many private ranches.
Hunters can hunt one particular animal or in combination.
Hunters can hunt wild geese, ducks, or pheasants during the regular season.
Hunters can increase their odds by becoming students of moose hunting.
Hunters can keep their eyes concentrated on the target.
Hunters can look for leases, post messages, and list hunting gear on our new classifieds.
Hunters can now apply as a party.
Hunters can obtain their stamp through town clerks and licensing agents.
Hunters can often be quite productive by simply walking in good habitat and kicking brush piles.
Hunters can only shoot when instructed to do so.
Hunters can participate in contests and other hunting activities.
Hunters can pursue deer, grouse, turkey and, of course, waterfowl.
Hunters can search many ways - by state, by game type, by company name, for example.
Hunters can see into the brush and trees better now that the glare from the leaves is gone.
Hunters can see separate game activity calculations.
Hunters can shoot a few cases of shells per day.
Hunters can shoot from one-half hour before sunrise to sunset.
Hunters can take deer to be processed at one of five local participating butchers.
Hunters can take family, friends or photographer along.
Hunters can take on a new challenge with antelope hunting.
Hunters can take only male turkeys, or gobblers.
Hunters can talk, meet new people, or spend time with their families.
Hunters can tame many kinds of pets including spiders, bears, worms, wasps, and many more.
Hunters can test their prowess in acres of beckoning woodlands.
Hunters can test their skills on partridge as well as the elusive white tailed deer.
Hunters can trade hunts for hunts, hunts for services, etc.
Hunters can use snatch hooks, snares, gigs or harpoons.
Hunters can use the habitat maps to locate areas with the best potential for wild game.
Hunters can use the stands or try their luck at spot and stalk techniques.
Hunters capture prey.
Hunters carry devices.
Hunters catch animals.
Hunters catch prey.
Hunters cause death.
Hunters chase animals.
Hunters chase prey.
Hunters choose methods.
Hunters choose three different gauge shotguns for bird hunting.
Hunters circle the area for game.
Hunters claim that the seals are eating too many fish.
Hunters come and try their luck at different stations using their slug guns.
Hunters come by the thousands each season for deer, turkey and other game.
Hunters come for deer and grouse.
Hunters come for dove, turkey, deer and quail.
Hunters come for elk and deer, mountain goats and bighorn sheep.
Hunters come for elk, deer, mountain goats, and bighorn sheep.
Hunters come for elk, moose, bighorn sheep, mule deer, and black bears.
Hunters come for mule deer.
Hunters come from all over the south each year for the excellent deer, quail and boar hunting.
Hunters come from all over the United States to hunt in and around our little town.
Hunters come from great distances to hunt deer near Cooperstown.
Hunters come from towns with very efficient hunting equipment.
Hunters come here for deer, elk, antelope, mountain goat, bear, and mountain lion.
Hunters come here seeking deer and grouse.
Hunters come in contact.
Hunters come in search of mule deer.
Hunters come often for an usually high success rate with bears and caribou.
Hunters consider meat.
Hunters consume animals.
Hunters consume other animals.
Hunters continue to ask for more hunting opportunity and better odds of winning a permit.
Hunters contribute their time, effort and money directly to wildlife conservation activities.
Hunters deliberately seek out less populated areas.
Hunters depend on animals.
Hunters depend on hunting animals or gathering edible plants, fruits and nuts.
Hunters describe it as a cross between a wolf and bear.
Hunters determine that their dogs have treed the coon by the sound of the howl.
Hunters disappear into the background of a world turned black and white.
Hunters do establish a ranking of species, on the basis of returns to pursuit time.
Hunters do it with a bang.
Hunters do more to preserve and protect animals than any self-righteous conservation group.
Hunters do think about the future, even though their thoughts are often different.
Hunters dogs welcome or use our guides and dogs.
Hunters donate all our portions of their deer harvest to food banks and food pantries.
Hunters eat animals.
Hunters eat deer.
Hunters eat fish.
Hunters eat food.
Hunters eat mammals.
Hunters eat meat.
Hunters eat prey animals.
Hunters eat prey.
Hunters eat rabbits.
Hunters eat venison and elk.
Hunters elergy to jerry.
Hunters elsewhere can have five gallons of bait at a time.
Hunters employing calling and decoying techniques are particularly successful for coyote.
Hunters encounter deer.
Hunters enjoy acres of land open during the season.
Hunters enjoy debating the odds of bagging the game before the chase begins.
Hunters enjoy outstanding upland bird, snowshoe hare, and archery deer hunting.
Hunters enjoy societies.
Hunters enjoy the big horn sheep, mule deer, quail and dove which live in the nearby mountains.
Hunters enjoy the bighorn sheep, mule deer, quail and doves that live in the nearby mountains.
Hunters enter areas.
Hunters enter hunt areas.
Hunters feed on large prey.
Hunters feed on prey.
Hunters feel they have been on the defensive in recent years.
Hunters filling their tag early are welcome to stay the duration of the hunt at no charge.
Hunters find a variety of game birds and deer in season.
Hunters find abundance pheasant in season.
Hunters find abundant elk, deer and bear amongst the golden leaves.
Hunters find abundant pheasant during season.
Hunters find animals.
Hunters find it better to lean against the front rail for greater steadiness.
Hunters find meat.
Hunters find plenty of fowl and wild game just outside of Missoula to keep themselves occupied.
Hunters find prey.
Hunters find walrus meat.
Hunters find white-tail deer, blackbear and moose in the forests of pine, balsam and spruce.
Hunters fire dart guns.
Hunters fire guns.
Hunters flock to the outskirts of town to shoot white winged pigeon.
Hunters follow deer tracks.
Hunters follow deer.
Hunters follow tracks.
Hunters follow trails.
Hunters generally remain stationary and lure in geese through use of calls and decoys.
Hunters generally use snares, spears or dogs to kill anoas.
Hunters generally work less than cultivators.
Hunters get chances.
Hunters get some just by exploration of a complex environment.
Hunters glisten, jaws are sharp.
Hunters go into the grove and never return.
Hunters grow up here lured mostly to the mountains and canyons after big game.
Hunters harvest deer.
Hunters have (part) arms.
Hunters have (part) body substances.
Hunters have (part) cell membranes.
Hunters have (part) cells.
Hunters have (part) corpi.
Hunters have (part) cytoplasm.
Hunters have (part) heads.
Hunters have (part) human bodies.
Hunters have (part) legs.
Hunters have (part) material bodies.
Hunters have (part) necks.
Hunters have (part) nuclei.
Hunters have (part) personality.
Hunters have (part) plasma membranes.
Hunters have (part) sections.
Hunters have (part) vacuoles.
Hunters have a base camp for less than the price of a few vacant acres of land.
Hunters have a choice of six non-toxic shots for the current waterfowl season.
Hunters have a strong interest in the more effective management of the resource they utilize.
Hunters have ability.
Hunters have acute vision.
Hunters have been know to lose their self-control.
Hunters have chances.
Hunters have diets.
Hunters have distinctly different requirements to farmers.
Hunters have eyes in the front of their heads.
Hunters have eyes on the front of their heads to increase depth perception.
Hunters have food.
Hunters have health.
Hunters have it pretty good here in Pennsylvania.
Hunters have omnivorous diets.
Hunters have seven days after the close of the season to remove blinds on state land.
Hunters have their seasons just as hikers have their reasons for enjoying nature.
Hunters have to produce, too, if they want to stay in the program.
Hunters have vary diets.
Hunters have vision.
Hunters hear low noise.
Hunters hear noise.
Hunters hear pop noise.
Hunters help control the black bear population in many regions of America and their flesh is edible.
Hunters hold it by a leash and blindfold it until the game appears.
Hunters hold the power of life and death in their hands.
Hunters hunt animals.
Hunters hunt birds.
Hunters hunt deer.
Hunters hunt ducks.
Hunters hunt prey.
Hunters hunt rabbits.
Hunters hunt squirrels.
Hunters hunt the coyote by using a call that imitates the distress of a rabbit or other rodent.
Hunters is a beautiful, careful album.
Hunters is a bit crappy - simply deathmatch with more running around, but there is a team version.
Hunters is reminiscent of the headhunter mods for other multiplayer games.
Hunters keep all coyotes shot during their stay or if they wish only take the trophy dogs home.
Hunters keep most of their body fat in their belly and chest while their legs and butt stay thin.
Hunters kill a lot of deer but harsh winter weather usually kills more.
Hunters kill animals.
Hunters kill bears during hunting season to get their furs to sell.
Hunters kill deer.
Hunters kill ducks and geese.
Hunters kill mammals.
Hunters kill more animals than recorded tallies indicate.
Hunters kill patas monkeys for the flesh in the Ivory Coast.
Hunters kill polar bears for their fur to make coats and rugs.
Hunters kill prey.
Hunters know habits.
Hunters know it and take advantage of the fact, drawing closer to shoot.
Hunters know that apathy benefits their bloody rites.
Hunters know that the only thing worse than cold, wet feet is cold, wet feet with cuts and blisters.
Hunters know that things turn deadly when someone decides to fire before seeing everything clearly.
Hunters know that water fowl such as ducks and geese always land in water flying into the wind.
Hunters know what they are looking to shoot and use the appropriate gun.
Hunters largely confine themselves to the swamp's interior.
Hunters lead lifestyle.
Hunters lead nomadic lifestyle.
Hunters learn to pull the string and activate decoy wings when needed, as when birds fly overhead.
Hunters leave wood.
Hunters like to hunt in different conditions.
Hunters live a longer healthier life cooking with low fat low cholesterol wild-game recipes.
Hunters live in areas.
Hunters live in intertidal areas.
Hunters locate the raccoons by reflective eyes that glow in a flashlight beam.
Hunters look in the eyes of our dinner.
Hunters love it in the fall.
Hunters love it, love the added challenge.
Hunters love the many public gamelands to bag their prize winning trophies.
Hunters love to talk about the prospects for the upcoming season, and good news travels fast.
Hunters make their own lunches after breakfast and can take as much as they want.
Hunters make use of constantly improving equipment and techniques to make their hunt easier.
Hunters make use of the snowshoe's habit of running in wide circles before dogs.
Hunters meet there during the season, and there is occasionally live music on weekends.
Hunters mistakenly shoot protected animals, violent storms destroy trees and the nests they shelter.
Hunters move camps.
Hunters Needs Personal and friendly outdoor supply company.
Hunters now find that wild turkeys and their habits have changed.
Hunters now take precedence over woodcutters seeking a few logs for the woodpile.
Hunters obsess over their calls, practicing for authenticity.
Hunters opposing surplus licenses feel they contribute to fewer deer, especially on public lands.
Hunters owe it to the game that they pursue to shoot safely and accurately.
Hunters participate voluntarily.
Hunters pay their own way, and then some.
Hunters pay thousands of dollars each to hunt elk, antelope, and deer on the ranch.
Hunters pay to kill.
Hunters plan vacations around the season.
Hunters play an invaluable role in maintaining the delicate balance of nature.
Hunters prefer live prey.
Hunters prefer prey.
Hunters prosper if they anticipate the arrival of migratory game or fish, to prepare nets or blinds.
Hunters pursue white-tailed deer and many small game species including squirrel, rabbit, and grouse.
Hunters range in age from the teens to the eighties.
Hunters reach places.
Hunters realize the chestnuts provide food for wildlife.
Hunters really are the original conservationists.
Hunters rely on knowledge.
Hunters report greater satisfaction when they pay a fee to hunt on private land.
Hunters report hearing numerous pheasants throughout the deer season.
Hunters report numbers.
Hunters report seeing and killing some nice bucks.
Hunters report to the park headquarters each day to connect with their guide.
Hunters represent a segment of society most likely to have a car up on blocks in the front yard.
Hunters request to have their ashes packed into shotgun shells.
Hunters require a park vehicle pass.
Hunters require a permit before entering the parks.
Hunters return and begin the hunt.
Hunters return homes.
Hunters revel in elk, deer, cougar, bear, and wild turkey seasons.
Hunters save wildlife from a painful death by starvation.
Hunters say blam.
Hunters say dove season traditionally provides social opportunities.
Hunters say it,s a method of fox control thats a big lie.
Hunters say the parcel is among the best in the state forest for deer.
Hunters say they are the ones under attack.
Hunters say they become crazy.
Hunters score an unusually high success rate with bears and caribou.
Hunters search for prey.
Hunters see deer.
Hunters see to that out of self-interest.
Hunters seek animals.
Hunters seek deer, ruffed grouse, waterfowl and wild turkey and furbearers are sought by trappers.
Hunters seek deer.
Hunters seek hares.
Hunters seek mammals.
Hunters seek migratory waterfowl, deer, wild turkey, and wild boar.
Hunters seek prey.
Hunters seek rabbits.
Hunters seek white-tailed deer, javelina, wild turkey, quail and dove.
Hunters seek white-tailed deer, javelina, wild turkey, quail, and dove.
Hunters seeking the challenge of pursuing furbearers have a large variety to choose from.
Hunters seem to be pleased with the new four-season set up.
Hunters sell the green turtle's meat, oil, hides and shells.
Hunters sell the soft leopard skins in the markets in the capital Kabul.
Hunters shoot animals.
Hunters shoot at targets on a movie screen, which records the hits.
Hunters shoot birds.
Hunters shoot bucks.
Hunters shoot deer.
Hunters shoot elephants.
Hunters shoot foxes.
Hunters shoot geese.
Hunters shoot mammals.
Hunters shoot more grouse in Minnesota than in any other state.
Hunters shoot pheasants.
Hunters shoot realistic deer targets in simulated field conditions.
Hunters shoot specific rhinos with dart guns so the animals can be examined or transferred.
Hunters shoot squirrels.
Hunters shoot targets that represent various hunting situations.
Hunters shoot the adults for meat and capture the younger animals to sell as pets.
Hunters slaughter animals.
Hunters sleep two to a tent.
Hunters spend a lot of money.
Hunters spray it in the air, on foliage, on the soles of their boots to attract bucks.
Hunters stalk the woods in search of wild turkeys, white-tailed deer and small game.
Hunters stay at the main lodge and hunt the early morning and late afternoon hours.
Hunters stay in a unique cowboy line camp out on the ranch.
Hunters still have plenty of time to enjoy the windfall.
Hunters supervise hunters.
Hunters supply all food, camping and personal gear, as well as licenses and tags.
Hunters supply information using postage-paid envelopes.
Hunters swinging on game and hunters mistaken for game are two common accidents.
Hunters take a different view.
Hunters take advantage of our semi-guided deer hunts and duck hunts.
Hunters take deer and turkey during season.
Hunters take deer, bear, geese, ducks, grouse, turkeys and a variety of other game species.
Hunters take deer, duck, dove, and quail in season.
Hunters take deer, turkey, javelina, and many types of birds in season.
Hunters take deer, wild turkey, and dove in season.
Hunters take deer, wild turkey, quail, dove, and javelina when in season.
Hunters take delicious meat.
Hunters take few precautions to protect the animals.
Hunters take interest.
Hunters take meat.
Hunters take millions of pounds of edible whitetail meat annually in Arkansas.
Hunters take the lead and look for tracks or other signs of game.
Hunters take the quest seriously.
Hunters take their game fairly and humanly.
Hunters take two approaches to hunting the area.
Hunters target prey.
Hunters target the primary males.
Hunters tend to be heavier and more solid than equivalent sized boats.
Hunters tend to have a much larger 'blind area' behind the head than hunted animals do.
Hunters tend to rely on vision if they feed during the daytime, or on touch if they feed at night.
Hunters tend to vote for pro-gun candidates regardless of their positions on other issues.
Hunters then apply for the opportunity to participate in the hunt.
Hunters to kill animals.
Hunters to kill deer.
Hunters to wear garments.
Hunters to wear outer garments.
Hunters trailing tracks move bears, and once bears start moving, they're much more vulnerable.
Hunters travel thousands of miles for a chance to buy a South Texas deer.
Hunters turn pale at the idea.
Hunters use a duck blind to kill ducks.
Hunters use ammunition.
Hunters use archery equipment.
Hunters use arms.
Hunters use artificial calls to appeal to the bird's social instinct.
Hunters use boats and motors or canoes to access the hunting areas.
Hunters use bullets.
Hunters use center fire ammunition.
Hunters use decoys.
Hunters use equipment.
Hunters use hands.
Hunters use illegal weapons.
Hunters use laser sight.
Hunters use lead bullets.
Hunters use load.
Hunters use locator calls that sound like a crow or owl, or even a silent dog whistle.
Hunters use muzzle load.
Hunters use precaution.
Hunters use sight.
Hunters use simple precaution.
Hunters use the forest at certain times of the year, and visitors can rent horses for trail rides.
Hunters use the tabs to list their name, address, age and other data.
Hunters use things like firearms, shotguns, rifles, handguns, archery equipment and such.
Hunters use weapons.
Hunters using dogs generally ride horses or mules in order to keep up with the dogs.
Hunters using firearms have many more choices than bowhunters.
Hunters using firearms have more choices than bowhunters.
Hunters vary from region to region depending on the countryside in which they are ridden.
Hunters wait for ducks.
Hunters want animals.
Hunters want deer.
Hunters watch mallards.
Hunters wear coats.
Hunters wear garments.
Hunters wear hats.
Hunters wear neon orange for a reason.
Hunters wear orange hats.
Hunters wear outer garments.
Hunters welcome .
Hunters welcome throughout hunting season.
Hunters wield guns.
Hunters always ensure that decoys are arranged so that they are facing into the wind.
Hunters frequently hunt in groups.
Hunters often are the intended victims.
Hunters often assert that their practices benefit their victims.
Hunters often cite the outdoor experience as a key reason they hunt.
Hunters often claim that hunting is necessary to control deer populations.
Hunters often hear more gobblers in on morning than they hear all season back home.
Hunters often imitate the sound to attract passing birds to decoys.
Hunters often look for tracks and other signs of animals as they walk through an area.
Hunters often remove the tarantulas' fangs after they're caught to prevent bites.
Hunters often supplement winter food by planting sorghum, corn or some other grain.
Hunters often take advantage of the railroad to get to places otherwise inaccessible.
Hunters usually find success in rattling and grunt calls when on stand sites.
Hunters usually hang up beast skull on the porch to show masculinity.
Hunters usually kill captive exotic animals in order to collect a trophy.
Hunters usually walk into an area in the dark, sit and make hen turkey calls to attract a gobbler.
All hunters are drunk hunters.
All hunters are required to stay in their designated stand unless they are retrieving their game.
All hunters gather here in accordance to pre arranged timelines.
All hunters have a current hunting permit endorsed for duck shooting.
All hunters have access to spike camps, which are smaller camps located away from the main camp.
All hunters have stories about their hunting experiences.
All hunters hunt primarily to witness the dynamic of the wild.
All hunters refrain from carrying lead shot.
Every hunter gets to test their skills.
Every hunter has their own guide.
Every hunter needs to think about hunting ethics - what's the right or wrong thing to do.
Many hunters often encounter animals in the field that appear to be barren deer, does without fawns.
Many hunters also hunt from duck boats or other camouflaged craft.
Many Hunters are on organized teams.
Many hunters are very skilled outdoorsman, who respect the land and the game they pursue.
Many hunters arrive gun in hand, ready for the short season, only to go home without a bird.
Many hunters assume that all slugs shoot about the same.
Many hunters attach a strip of orange tape to the tree against which they are sitting.
Many hunters believe deer kills are up because of the weather.
Many hunters believe that a piece of iron is enough to protect any carcass from the wolves.
Many hunters believe that the wolves are a threat to elk and deer populations.
Many hunters carry cellular phones, so reporting a fire can be done quite easily.
Many hunters choose slates for quiet, close-in calling.
Many hunters choose to have an experienced butcher skin their deer.
Many hunters claim to enjoy hunting because they love the outdoors.
Many hunters come from across the state to hunt the white tailed deer.
Many hunters consider the wild turkey more difficult to take than big game animals like deer.
Many hunters enjoy a goat hunt as a change to the rigors of deer hunting.
Many hunters forget the face and hands when choosing their camouflage pattern and clothing.
Many hunters have year-round access to their hunting leases.
Many hunters insist air-drying hunting clothes outdoors is the best way to eliminate scent.
Many hunters lack the patience necessary to sit in one place, sometimes never seeing a deer all day.
Many hunters like to collect their bands as momentos of their hunts.
Many hunters like to display squirrel tails on the antennas of their cars or in their yards.
Many hunters make Cooper Lake a combination duck hunt and fishing trip.
Many hunters move around at midday, and their activity moves deer.
Many hunters opt to hire outfitters and guiding services.
Many hunters prefer flintlocks, but caplocks are less likely to misfire.
Many hunters prefer to draw small game in the field.
Many hunters prefer to owl call early in the morning and use crow callers after the sun is up.
Many hunters rent a car in Casper or Denver so they have some flexibility in transportation.
Many hunters say ATVs take away the aesthetic aspects of hunting.
Many hunters show up in camp with a nice rifle equipped with a low quality scope.
Many hunters spend a lot of time trying to develop or correct dogs lacking inherent ability.
Many hunters start hunts with the idea in mind of just getting some venison.
Many hunters struggle with the decision to put down their guns and try bowhunting.
Many hunters take does for their beautiful hide and delicious meat.
Many hunters take only the antlers of the deer they kill.
Many hunters talk about sitting in a stand from dark to dark, but few actually pull it off.
Many hunters tie or tape it around an antler.
Many hunters use muzzleloaders, but they generally hunt during a regular firearm season.
Many hunters use pick up trucks, campers or recreational vehicles as part of their base camp.
Many hunters use similar devices to keep from getting lost.
Many hunters use the area as a base camp during fall hunting season.
Many hunters use the box call's loud, lifelike tones for locating turkeys.
Many hunters vary their techniques as the season progresses and weather changes.
Many hunters waste time wandering around habitats that hold few or no moose, biologists say.
More hunters are successful with box calls than any other call.
More hunters fall from tree stands when climbing or descending than when sitting in the stand.
Most hunters acquire chances.
Most hunters agree that reedbucks are among the easiest of antelopes to approach and kill.
Most hunters already own such equipment.
Most hunters are more than willing to share information with a fellow bowhunter.
Most hunters are very good about being safe.
Most hunters are willing to help out.
Most hunters arrive on scenes.
Most hunters believe they are defending livestock against the depredations of a fearsome carnivore.
Most hunters believe whitetails react differently than mule deer.
Most hunters can have partners.
Most hunters capture prey.
Most hunters carry devices.
Most hunters cause death.
Most hunters choose methods.
Most hunters come in contact.
Most hunters concentrate on wind direction, but they often neglect wind speed.
Most hunters consider a mountain lion hunt a hunt of a lifetime.
Most hunters consider meat.
Most hunters consume other animals.
Most hunters depend on animals.
Most hunters eat animals.
Most hunters eat deer.
Most hunters eat fish.
Most hunters eat food.
Most hunters eat mammals.
Most hunters eat meat.
Most hunters eat prey animals.
Most hunters eat prey.
Most hunters eat rabbits.
Most hunters eat what they kill or give it away to others who do.
Most hunters enjoy preparing the rig and getting ready for the hunt as much as the hunt itself.
Most hunters enjoy societies.
Most hunters enter areas.
Most hunters enter hunt areas.
Most hunters expect to be able to track their hound the stated line of site ,miles.
Most hunters feed on large prey.
Most hunters feed on prey.
Most hunters find animals.
Most hunters find meat.
Most hunters find prey.
Most hunters find walrus meat.
Most hunters follow a trail too slowly or make too much noise to be successful.
Most hunters follow deer tracks.
Most hunters follow deer.
Most hunters follow tracks.
Most hunters follow trails.
Most hunters get a rush when they hear their hunted game's footsteps.
Most hunters get away with murder in India.
Most hunters get chances.
Most hunters have a story to tell, even if it's one of missed shots or other mishaps.
Most hunters have ability.
Most hunters have acute vision.
Most hunters have chances.
Most hunters have diets.
Most hunters have food.
Most hunters have health.
Most hunters have omnivorous diets.
Most hunters have vision.
Most hunters hear low noise.
Most hunters hear noise.
Most hunters hear pop noise.
Most hunters kill animals.
Most hunters kill deer.
Most hunters kill mammals.
Most hunters kill prey.
Most hunters know habits.
Most hunters lead lifestyle.
Most hunters lead nomadic lifestyle.
Most hunters lease land from farmers and ranchers.
Most hunters leave wood.
Most hunters live in areas.
Most hunters live in intertidal areas.
Most hunters move camps.
Most hunters prefer live prey.
Most hunters prefer prey.
Most hunters prefer to leave when their trophy is ready.
Most hunters reach places.
Most hunters rely on knowledge.
Most hunters rely on sound, knowledge of the terrain, knowledge of their hounds, and gut instinct.
Most hunters respect another hunter's blind and they simply go somewhere else.
Most hunters return homes.
Most hunters search for prey.
Most hunters see deer.
Most hunters seek animals.
Most hunters seek deer.
Most hunters seek hares.
Most hunters seek mammals.
Most hunters seek prey.
Most hunters seek rabbits.
Most hunters shoot animals.
Most hunters shoot birds.
Most hunters shoot bucks.
Most hunters shoot deer.
Most hunters shoot elephants.
Most hunters shoot first when they see movement.
Most hunters shoot foxes.
Most hunters shoot geese.
Most hunters shoot mammals.
Most hunters shoot pheasants.
Most hunters shoot squirrels.
Most hunters supervise hunters.
Most hunters take delicious meat.
Most hunters take interest.
Most hunters take meat.
Most hunters target prey.
Most hunters think of elk language as bugles and barks.
Most hunters trim it off their meat before cooking, or even freezing.
Most hunters try to cover their scent with cover scents.
Most hunters use a handmade or commercial calling device.
Most hunters use ammunition.
Most hunters use an assortment of gadgets that assist in the loading process.
Most hunters use archery equipment.
Most hunters use arms.
Most hunters use bullets.
Most hunters use center fire ammunition.
Most hunters use decoys.
Most hunters use equipment.
Most hunters use hands.
Most hunters use illegal weapons.
Most hunters use laser sight.
Most hunters use lead bullets.
Most hunters use load.
Most hunters use muzzle load.
Most hunters use precaution.
Most hunters use sight.
Most hunters use simple precaution.
Most hunters use small motorboats launched from Anchorage, and hunt near the river mouths.
Most hunters use smaller, more easily transportable craft like johnboats, bassboats or canoes.
Most hunters use weapons.
Most hunters wait for ducks.
Most hunters walk back to the truck for lunch.
Most hunters watch mallards.
Most hunters wear coats.
Most hunters wear garments.
Most hunters wear hats.
Most hunters wear orange hats.
Most hunters wear outer garments.
Most hunters wield guns.
Most hunters willingly pay the stamp price to insure the survival of our natural resources.
Some hunters acquire it from geese, and some coffee pots from hunters.
Some hunters also shoot wildebeest for sport.
Some hunters also use black and white balloons attached to poles to create the same effect.
Some hunters are concerned.
Some hunters are interested in knowing their chance for success.
Some hunters are licensed to hunt in more than one category.
Some hunters are nearby.
Some hunters are on the move at night, too.
Some Hunters are true snipers.
Some hunters are willing to go to extremes to find and harvest the trophy of their dreams.
Some hunters become farmers.
Some hunters become poachers.
Some hunters believe Brittanys become better hunting dogs when they are trained to be house pets.
Some hunters believe shooting a fawn is wrong somehow.
Some hunters belong to fang tribes.
Some hunters belong to tribes.
Some hunters bone the meat to minimize weight.
Some hunters bring meat.
Some hunters build houses.
Some hunters build temporary houses.
Some hunters capture addaxs.
Some hunters capture gorillas.
Some hunters carry claws.
Some hunters carry copies.
Some hunters carry proof.
Some hunters choose to fly into remote sections of the forest.
Some hunters claim falcons interfere with their hunting because raptors prey on game birds.
Some hunters claim otherwise, but killing is a big part of hunting, especially for big game.
Some hunters collect seeds.
Some hunters consider boars.
Some hunters consider large carnivores as unwanted competition for elk or deer.
Some hunters construct their entire blind from natural materials.
Some hunters consume coatis.
Some hunters contend that sows do make moaning sounds when they're in heat.
Some hunters contend there's no finer time to be in the woods.
Some hunters describe animals.
Some hunters describe zebra animals.
Some hunters do try to honor the animal by taking a moment to praise it for sacrificing it's life.
Some hunters drive cattle.
Some hunters eat rattlesnakes.
Some hunters emerge from dens.
Some hunters emphasize fiber intake.
Some hunters emphasize intake.
Some hunters employ detectors.
Some hunters employ metal detectors.
Some hunters enjoy scavengers.
Some hunters even claim to have the answers.
Some hunters even use outfitters within their home states.
Some hunters examine hartebeests.
Some hunters feed on insects.
Some hunters feed on rodents.
Some hunters feel a bird is less likely to work downhill toward a call.
Some hunters find larvae.
Some hunters find ways to work around their disabilities without any assistance from the state.
Some hunters follow antelopes.
Some hunters follow bears.
Some hunters follow bison.
Some hunters follow caribou.
Some hunters follow elk.
Some hunters follow instruction.
Some hunters follow pheasants.
Some hunters follow sustenance.
Some hunters follow turkeys.
Some hunters get dessert.
Some hunters get women.
Some hunters go all six days without bagging one white tail.
Some hunters handle coyotes.
Some hunters have boat mishap.
Some hunters have choices.
Some hunters have difficulty.
Some hunters have ideas.
Some hunters have meat.
Some hunters have mishap.
Some hunters have permission.
Some hunters have spring turkeys.
Some hunters have success.
Some hunters have turkeys.
Some hunters hear pheasants.
Some hunters hit lions.
Some hunters incorporate use.
Some hunters increase sales.
Some hunters join parents.
Some hunters kill antelopes.
Some hunters kill apes.
Some hunters kill bears.
Some hunters kill birds.
Some hunters kill bison.
Some hunters kill buffalo.
Some hunters kill caribou.
Some hunters kill carnivores.
Some hunters kill coyotes.
Some hunters kill crocodiles.
Some hunters kill ducks.
Some hunters kill elk.
Some hunters kill foxes.
Some hunters kill geese.
Some hunters kill gorillas.
Some hunters kill hares.
Some hunters kill large carnivores.
Some hunters kill lions.
Some hunters kill mallards.
Some hunters kill markhors.
Some hunters kill monkeys.
Some hunters kill rabbits.
Some hunters kill rhinos.
Some hunters kill snakes.
Some hunters kill squirrels.
Some hunters kill turkeys.
Some hunters kill ungulates.
Some hunters kill victims.
Some hunters kill whales.
Some hunters kill wolves.
Some hunters learn about bears.
Some hunters learn jobs.
Some hunters live in huts.
Some hunters live in small huts.
Some hunters look for bucks.
Some hunters love ideas.
Some hunters love snakes.
Some hunters love turkeys.
Some hunters make a mistake by taking a young, untrained dog hunting with an experienced dog.
Some hunters meet doctors.
Some hunters obtain cards.
Some hunters obtain copies.
Some hunters own horses.
Some hunters patrol a regular beat flying back and forth over the same patch of ground or water.
Some hunters possess alligators.
Some hunters possess animals.
Some hunters possess deer.
Some hunters possess dogs.
Some hunters prefer to cut the pelvic bone and breast bone when opening the animal.
Some hunters prefer to remove the scent glands on the inside of the hind legs.
Some hunters prefer to stalk boar by moving quietly through feeding areas attractive to boar.
Some hunters prefer to straddle the rope and use the stick as sort of a waist-high yoke.
Some hunters protect livestock.
Some hunters provide benefits.
Some hunters pursue coyotes.
Some hunters pursue eastern coyotes.
Some hunters pursue raccoons.
Some hunters realize health.
Some hunters receive permission.
Some hunters reckon that red hartebeest are the ugliest antelope in South Africa.
Some hunters rely on plants.
Some hunters report egg production.
Some hunters report ice.
Some hunters report pangolins.
Some hunters report production.
Some hunters report reductions.
Some hunters report surface whales.
Some hunters report whales.
Some hunters resist blaze orange as a greater chance of being seen by deer.
Some hunters ride horses.
Some hunters say noise from vehicles disrupts the quiet needed for successful hunting.
Some hunters say that coyotes run only fast enough to stay ahead of the hounds.
Some hunters say they are even tastier than cottontails.
Some hunters schedule their vacation time around hunting season.
Some hunters see geese.
Some hunters see monkeys.
Some hunters see moose.
Some hunters seek buffalo.
Some hunters seek elk.
Some hunters seek geese.
Some hunters seize squirrels.
Some hunters send specimens.
Some hunters shoot antelopes.
Some hunters shoot apes.
Some hunters shoot bears.
Some hunters shoot bison.
Some hunters shoot boars.
Some hunters shoot buffalo.
Some hunters shoot caribou.
Some hunters shoot cattle.
Some hunters shoot chickens.
Some hunters shoot crocodiles.
Some hunters shoot ducks.
Some hunters shoot elands.
Some hunters shoot elk.
Some hunters shoot horses.
Some hunters shoot kangaroos.
Some hunters shoot lions.
Some hunters shoot monkeys.
Some hunters shoot panthers.
Some hunters shoot pigs.
Some hunters shoot pythons.
Some hunters shoot rabbits.
Some hunters shoot rats.
Some hunters shoot sheep.
Some hunters shoot snakes.
Some hunters shoot turkeys.
Some hunters shoot ungulates.
Some hunters shoot zebras.
Some hunters stalk the moose with bow and arrow.
Some hunters stick the carcass by severing the large blood vessel leading to the heart.
Some hunters suffer from conditions.
Some hunters swallow prey.
Some hunters take advantage.
Some hunters take fish.
Some hunters take notes.
Some hunters take occasional fish.
Some hunters take responsibility.
Some hunters target gorillas.
Some hunters think antlers are defense weapons against predators.
Some hunters think that using a decoy, which is usually a carved wooden duck, is a form of cheating.
Some hunters thrive on diets.
Some hunters trap wild hogs.
Some hunters travel by canoe to remote areas for a unique experience.
Some hunters use antelope leather for ladies' or dress gloves, however.
Some hunters use brutally inhumane weapons such as the bow and arrow.
Some hunters use falcons to harass a gazelle so that it can be readily overtaken by dogs.
Some hunters use food scent as cover scent.
Some hunters use pesticides to kill the salamander.
Some hunters use poodles.
Some hunters wait for deer.
Some hunters watch deer.
Some hunters watch elk.
Some hunters watch geese.
Some hunters watch rabbits.
Some hunters wonder what the flap is about.
Some hunters work as teams.
Some hunters work with dogs.
Some hunters worry about competing with wolves, but there's little foundation for that concern.
Huntimer soils have a fine textured control section and are on slightly higher landscapes.
A hunting ground is opportunity
Hunting grounds are plentiful.
Hunting grounds make up as much as eighty percent of Croatian territory.
Hunting leases are also available for white-tailed deer, wild turkey, javelina and wild pig.
Hunting leases are limited, but again inquiries are welcome.
Hunting leases are the most common recreational leases.
Hunting leases can help owners who have trespass problems gain more control over their land.
Hunting strategies are varied and diverse.
Many hunting strategies are successful for pheasant.
Hunting technique is another variable to consider.
Hunting techniques vary among the forest peoples, and include bows and arrows, nets and spears.
Hunting techniques vary widely from one region to another.
Most hunting times are in the fall and winter.
Most hunting times are in the fall, winter and spring.
Hunting trips are probably the most common form of male bonding.
Hunting are outdoor activities.
Huntresses fight individually or in pairs, depending on the tactics preferred in their town.
Huntsman products provide the highest quality enhancements to agricultural chemicals.
Huntsman spider is the only spider which is capable to run up vertical surfaces.
Huntsman spiders are as big as a man's fist but harmless.
Huntsman spiders are giant crab spiders.
Huntsman spiders are large, fast spiders distributed in warm climates throughout the world.
Huntsman spiders are large, long-legged spiders.
Huntsman spiders are timid spiders and bites are infrequent.
Huntsman spiders can live for more than two years.
Huntsman spiders feed on a variety of arthropods, insects, frogs, and small lizards.
Huntsman spiders have eight small eyes which are patterned in two rows.
Huntsman spiders have large, hairy bodies with eight long legs.
Huntsman spiders have legs.
Huntsman spiders run at a very high speed.
Most huntsman spiders have legs.
Some huntsman spiders enter houses.
Some huntsman spiders live for years.
Most Huntsman students do their required study abroad during their junior year.
A huntsman is a skilled worker
Huntsman isa worker.
Huntsmen are big spiders.
Huntsmen are very large Australian spiders.
Huntsmen have (part) arms.
Huntsmen have (part) body substances.
Huntsmen have (part) cell membranes.
Huntsmen have (part) cells.
Huntsmen have (part) corpi.
Huntsmen have (part) cytoplasm.
Huntsmen have (part) heads.
Huntsmen have (part) human bodies.
Huntsmen have (part) legs.
Huntsmen have (part) material bodies.
Huntsmen have (part) necks.
Huntsmen have (part) nuclei.
Huntsmen have (part) personality.
Huntsmen have (part) plasma membranes.
Huntsmen have (part) sections.
Huntsmen have (part) vacuoles.
Huntsmen renew the chace they lately run, And gen'rals fight again their battels won.
Huntsmen threaten life.
Huntsmen use calls and the whip to ensure the dogs do what they are meant to do.
All huntsman are nocturnal.
Most huntsmen usually are a little apprehensive when guests are hunting.
Most huntsmen threaten life.
Some huntsmen eat frogs.
Some huntsmen enjoy companies.
Some huntsmen read letters.
Huon pine is a coniferous tree
Huon pine is a kind of tree found in Tasmania.
Huon pine is Australia's most precious timber.
Huon pine is conifers.
Huon pine is one of Tasmania's rare and natural icons.
Huon pine is unique among trees.
HUPS information is available from each of the participating departments.
Hupyrian servants speak only when they are alone with their master.
Hurdle racing is usually over a distance of two miles with around eight hurdles.
Hurdle rate is set from experience.
A hurdle is a barrier
Hurdle has the bat to prove it.
Hurdle jumping also requires body balance and strength, another critical factor in shooting.
Hurdle requirements Attendance at tutorial and laboratory sessions is compulsory.
Hurdles are barriers.
Hurdles are big.
Hurdles are effective because of their participatory nature, requiring all learners' involvement.
Hurdles are obstacles.
Hurdles are sports equipment.
Hurdles disturb homeostasis.
Hurdles remain before any construction can begin.
Hurdles remain, as do opportunities.
Hurdles remain, particularly for small to medium sites.
Hurdles Stand with both hands on the back of a chair, a full arm's length away.
Many hurdles found in nature can deliver a quick end for the fish.
Many hurdles lie in the way.
Many hurdles remain.
More hurdles really mean less opportunities.
Some hurdles are more fundamental.
Some hurdles prove insurmountable.
A hurdler is an athlete
Hurdlers have to combine speed and technique to be successful in their demanding event.
Hurdlings are athletic activities.
Hurler syndrome is a disease with a poor prognosis.
Hurler syndrome is autosomal recessive.
Hurler syndrome is inherited as an autosomal recessive trait.
Hurricane damage influences foliar phenolics and subsequent herbivory on surviving trees.
Hurricane damage influences foliar polyphenolics and subsequent herbivory on surviving trees.
Hurricane damage influences foliar polyphenolics and the subsequent herbivory on surviving trees.
Hurricane damage is due to both wind and water.
Hurricane Earl hits the Florida gulf coast and crosses the Carolinas.
Hurricane eyes appear in various sizes and shapes.
Hurricane forecasting is still an inexact science, and it often leaves a lot to be desired.
Hurricane Harbor is a great place to bring the family for fun water thrills on hot summer days.
Hurricane Harbor is nearby.
Hurricane Harbor is packed with unique, world-class attractions that cover almost fifty acres.
Hurricane Iris forms.
Hurricane Island is directly across from the hill.
Hurricane preparedness is a job for everyone in the community .
Hurricane preparedness is a team effort for everyone in the neighborhood and community.
Hurricane Ridge runs east to west on the northern side of the Olympic peninsula.
Hurricane season approaching, it becomes urgent to put it up.
Hurricane season begins in about four weeks.
Hurricane season begins in two weeks.
Hurricane season begins.
Hurricane season can pose unique problems for pet owners as well.
Hurricane season ends.
Hurricane season is a way of life in South Florida.
Hurricane season is about to begin, so now is a good time to visit the Hurricane Lab.
Hurricane season is at an end.
Hurricane season is here, too.
Hurricane season is here.
Hurricane season is in full swing.
Hurricane season is just around the corner.
Hurricane season is late summer and early fall.
Hurricane season is late summer.
Hurricane season is over.
Hurricane season is right around the corner.
Hurricane season pumps some decent swells though.
Hurricane season starts again in two months, and with it the potential for another disaster.
Hurricane seasons seem like they are much more intense lately.
Hurricane seasons seem like they're much more intense.
Hurricane seasons span months.
Most hurricane seasons span months.
Hurricane shutters are available to cover the windows and mitigate losses from wind borne objects.
Hurricane specialists have an especially difficult time forecasting rapidly intensifying storms.
Hurricane straps attach the roof to the rest of the house and shutters protect windows.
Hurricane warnings are in effect for portions of the Bahamas and other jurisdictions in the area.
Hurricane warnings extend across Honduras, Guatemala and Belize.
Hurricane warnings remain in effect for Haiti.
Hurricane watches are up from central Florida to central South Carolina.
A hurricane is cyclone
Hurricane begins with a more up-tempo feel, with vocal chanting mixed in.
Hurricane crosses northeastern Caribbean Sea islands.
Hurricane does collect personal information for any of our users.
Hurricane escape route signs go up.
Hurricane hits eastern Canada.
Hurricane impacts to tropical and temperate forest landscapes.
Hurricane is a film, that sounds promising, but that has yet to come.
Hurricane is a powerfully uplifting film for young people and particularly young men.
Hurricane is a tempest of word and a storm of image.
Hurricane isa windstorm.
Hurricane places second.
Hurricane returns nearly everyone from last year's team, which finished fifth in the state meet.
Hurricane stays at sea.
Hurricane watches and warnings are similar to Tornado watches and warnings.
Hurricanes affect areas.
Hurricanes affect coastal areas and are capable of causing considerable loss of life and property.
Hurricanes affect geographic areas.
Hurricanes affect inland as well as coastal inhabitants.
Hurricanes affect specific areas.
Hurricanes affect specific geographic areas.
Hurricanes also affect the depths of the ocean.
Hurricanes also can damage the beach itself.
Hurricanes also cause damage with high speed winds that can blow down trees and damage homes.
Hurricanes also cause extensive coastal erosion where they strike.
Hurricanes also cause hundreds of millions of dollars in damage annually.
Hurricanes also happen every year and sometimes destroy many things.
Hurricanes also occur in other ocean basins where they are called typhoons or cyclones.
Hurricanes also originate in the northeast Pacific, where they can affect the west coast of Mexico.
Hurricanes also originate outside of the conventional corridor described above.
Hurricanes also possess a significant amount of kinetic energy in the form of winds.
Hurricanes also produce tornadoes, which add to the hurricanes destructive power.
Hurricanes also produce tornadoes, which add to the hurricane's destructive power.
Hurricanes also rotate in opposite directions because of the coriolis effect.
Hurricanes also spawn tornadoes and cause severe flooding from heavy rains.
Hurricanes also spawn tornadoes.
Hurricanes also tend to be more short-lived moving across coastal areas in hours rather than days.
Hurricanes are a chief cause of beach erosion and mangrove destruction.
Hurricanes are a concern in the region.
Hurricanes are a different story.
Hurricanes are a fact of life in Florida.
Hurricanes are a fact of life out here.
Hurricanes are a fear all the way up the East Coast.
Hurricanes are a good example.
Hurricanes are a hollow shell of wax.
Hurricanes are a lot bigger than government.
Hurricanes are a menace to people who live in coastal areas of the southeastern United States.
Hurricanes are a problem in late summer and autumn .
Hurricanes are a threat to inland areas, as well as coastal cities and towns.
Hurricanes are a type of natural disasters that are detrimental to leatherback sea turtle nests.
Hurricanes are actually a combination of many thunderstorms rotating around a central core system.
Hurricanes are agents of both destruction and ecological revitalization.
Hurricanes are also an annual threat to Florida.
Hurricanes are also fond of launching projectiles.
Hurricanes are also potential hazards along the Atlantic and Gulf coasts.
Hurricanes are always a threat in Florida and have caused relay service problems in the past.
Hurricanes are always very devastating to our customers.
Hurricanes are among the most powerful climatic events to occur on our planet.
Hurricanes are among the most powerful natural hazards known to humankind.
Hurricanes are among the world's deadliest storms.
Hurricanes are an important agent of forest disturbance in coastal wet forests.
Hurricanes are arguably the most important weather hazard in the state in terms of economic damage.
Hurricanes are baaaaad.
Hurricanes are big, powerful, and dangerous storms.
Hurricanes are bigger.
Hurricanes are by far the most frequent hazardous phenomena in the Caribbean.
Hurricanes are common during summer.
Hurricanes are common.
Hurricanes are comparable to heat engines, feeding off of warm SSTs.
Hurricanes are complex disturbance system with significant effects on vegetation and built-up land.
Hurricanes are creatures of the Atlantic and Caribbean and Gulf of Mexico.
Hurricanes are cyclone.
Hurricanes are cyclones beginning over the tropics in the Atlantic or the eastern Pacific Ocean.
Hurricanes are cyclones that originate over warm oceans while tornadoes form over land.
Hurricanes are dangerous and destructive.
Hurricanes are dangerous storms which develop over the ocean waters and travel towards land.
Hurricanes are dangerous.
Hurricanes are definately a threat in the fall season.
Hurricanes are devastating powerhouses of wind, rain and surf.
Hurricanes are devastating when they are accompanied by strong winds and heavy rain.
Hurricanes are different.
Hurricanes are Earth's strongest tropical cyclones.
Hurricanes are enormous heat engines that generate energy on a staggering scale.
Hurricanes are especially destructive when they hit the coast.
Hurricanes are exciting.
Hurricanes are extremely dangerous and cause widespread destruction.
Hurricanes are extremely dangerous storms.
Hurricanes are extremely large, flat whirling air masses, usually hundreds of kilometers across.
Hurricanes are fascinating to youngsters.
Hurricanes are feed-back systems.
Hurricanes are female.
Hurricanes are frequent events in Southern Florida.
Hurricanes are good for bringing in good birds to Mitchell Lake.
Hurricanes are hard to predict.
Hurricanes are heat engines and therefore heat is critical to the strengthening process.
Hurricanes are heat pumps which transfer heat from the surface of the ocean to the upper atmosphere.
Hurricanes are huge circular storms of wind, clouds, and rain that form over warm tropical oceans.
Hurricanes are huge storms of moist air that form over the warm tropical oceans.
Hurricanes are huge swirling storms with cloud systems typically larger than a state.
Hurricanes are indeed the most interesting complex nature laboratory for air-sea interaction study.
Hurricanes are killer storms.
Hurricanes are killers.
Hurricanes are large circulating windstorms covering hundreds of miles forming over warm oceans.
Hurricanes are large tropical storms with heavy winds.
Hurricanes are located in sea.
Hurricanes are members of a category of meteorological events known as tropical cyclones.
Hurricanes are monster storms, often hundreds of miles in diameter.
Hurricanes are most common during the summer and early fall.
Hurricanes are much bigger than tornadoes but tornadoes are more violent than hurricanes.
Hurricanes are much larger and longer-lived storms.
Hurricanes are much more energetic.
Hurricanes are natural disasters that have unfortunately been on the rise as the years have gone on.
Hurricanes are natural disasters.
Hurricanes are nature's most awesome release of energy.
Hurricanes are nature's most severe storms.
Hurricanes are notorious for wandering around changing direction for no apparent reason.
Hurricanes are often unpredictable.
Hurricanes are one of the most destructive and harmful natural disasters caused by the ocean.
Hurricanes are one of the most destructive forces of nature.
Hurricanes are powerful and to say they pack a punch is an understatement.
Hurricanes are powerful and unpredictable .
Hurricanes are probably OK there, too.
Hurricanes are products of a tropical ocean and atmosphere.
Hurricanes are products of the interaction between tropical ocean and the atmosphere.
Hurricanes are products of the tropical ocean and atmosphere.
Hurricanes are rare in Hawaii, but they do occur.
Hurricanes are rare in Hawaii.
Hurricanes are rare, but severe droughts have caused widespread losses.
Hurricanes are regular occurances on Cape cod.
Hurricanes are relatively frequent events in tropical and subtropical coastal areas.
Hurricanes are serious business.
Hurricanes are singles.
Hurricanes are slow moving so precautions can be taken before the storm actually strikes.
Hurricanes are slow-moving storms, and they can turn and move in the opposite direction.
Hurricanes are so bad, they announce themselves two days in advance.
Hurricanes are so unpredictable.
Hurricanes are special.
Hurricanes are storms that originate when heat builds up in tropical areas.
Hurricanes are storms.
Hurricanes are strange.
Hurricanes are strong wind moving in from all directions.
Hurricanes are stronger in the eastern Pacific and weaker in the Atlantic.
Hurricanes are stronger.
Hurricanes are successful when they follow the formula.
Hurricanes are the largest and most powerful of storms.
Hurricanes are the most dangerous and destructive storms known to man.
Hurricanes are the most destructive storms on Earth.
Hurricanes are the most powerful of all weather systems.
Hurricanes are the most powerful storms on earth.
Hurricanes are the only weather disasters that have been given their own names.
Hurricanes are things that happen somewhere else.
Hurricanes are tropical cyclone.
Hurricanes are tropical rainstormsthat form over the ocean.
Hurricanes are tropical storms brought about by heavy evaporation of water from the ocean's surface.
Hurricanes are truly remarkable, and extremely dangerous.
Hurricanes are unpredictable.
Hurricanes are very dangerous storms and have to be taken very seriously.
Hurricanes are very large and powerful storms.
Hurricanes are very large storms that are hundreds of miles in diameter.
Hurricanes are very much involved in maintaining a balance of heat on planet earth.
Hurricanes are very rare in Hawaii and usually are relatively weak by the time they arrive.
Hurricanes are very, very large.
Hurricanes are violent storms that can form over the warm waters of the oceans.
Hurricanes are warm core storms.
Hurricanes are worth covering because they hit people where they live.
Hurricanes are, in early stages, like giant thunderstorms with violent updrafts and downdrafts.
Hurricanes batter the Caribbean coast each summer.
Hurricanes battering the east coast are a frequent occurrence.
Hurricanes blow in a large spiral around a relatively calm center the eye.
Hurricanes blow off roofs and uproot ancient trees.
Hurricanes blow towns out of existence.
Hurricanes bring enormous destruction and loss of life to many coastal regions of the world.
Hurricanes bring foot storm tide.
Hurricanes bring heavy rains which can cause significant riverine and inland flooding.
Hurricanes bring high winds, rain and tidal surges.
Hurricanes bring out con artists and crooks.
Hurricanes bring tide.
Hurricanes bring weather.
Hurricanes bring wet weather.
Hurricanes can affect boats five ways.
Hurricanes can also bring severe thunderstorms and tornadoes along for fun.
Hurricanes can also occur in the eastern and central Pacific Ocean areas.
Hurricanes can also produce tornadoes, which can add to their destructive power.
Hurricanes can also spawn severe weather such as tornadoes as they move inland.
Hurricanes can and do cause death.
Hurricanes can be dangerous killers.
Hurricanes can be dangerous.
Hurricanes can be deadly and expensive.
Hurricanes can be devastating storms.
Hurricanes can be devastating to life, property, and the environment.
Hurricanes can be several hundred miles wide.
Hurricanes can be unpredictable and suddenly change course causing the evacuation of large areas.
Hurricanes can be unpredictable and suddenly change course.
Hurricanes can be very scary.
Hurricanes can cause considerable structural damage to the canopy of tropical forest.
Hurricanes can cause local flooding, flash flooding, or coastal flooding.
Hurricanes can cause major damage from winds and flooding.
Hurricanes can cause major destruction.
Hurricanes can cause massive damage and loss of life.
Hurricanes can cause power or water supply failures.
Hurricanes can cause severe damage.
Hurricanes can cause significant damage on land.
Hurricanes can cause storm surge - when the water of the ocean rises much higher than usual.
Hurricanes can change direction, intensity, and speed very suddenly.
Hurricanes can change direction, speed, and gain strength very quickly.
Hurricanes can cleanse the air.
Hurricanes can create warm-weather threats that are just as serious.
Hurricanes can damage property over such a huge area that they are set apart from other disasters.
Hurricanes can destroy houses by blowing their roofs off, but improper construction can be to blame.
Hurricanes can develop in the Caribbean or in the central North Atlantic.
Hurricanes can have several types of impacts on humans and human activities.
Hurricanes can hit the same area twice.
Hurricanes can intensify to become major storms.
Hurricanes can kill, even after the winds stop blowing.
Hurricanes can kill.
Hurricanes can last for days or even weeks and move huge distances.
Hurricanes can last for days, where as a tornado usually only lasts minutes to a few hours.
Hurricanes can move up or down the scale as they begin to develop, grow, or weaken.
Hurricanes can only develop over really warm ocean water.
Hurricanes can only form over really warm ocean water.
Hurricanes can produce tornadoes and cause severe flash flooding.
Hurricanes can produce tornadoes as they come ashore.
Hurricanes can produce very heavy rainfall.
Hurricanes can provide some benefits to ecosystems by distributing sediment to coastal wetlands.
Hurricanes can reshape the landscape altogether.
Hurricanes can severely impact sea turtle nesting success.
Hurricanes can spawn tornadoes, adding to the potential for devastation.
Hurricanes can spawn tornadoes, which add to the destructiveness of the storm.
Hurricanes can spin off tornadoes.
Hurricanes can travel for thousands of miles.
Hurricanes carry the power of the seas and the skies in their swirling fury.
Hurricanes cause disasters.
Hurricanes cause high wind.
Hurricanes cause millions of dollars in damages each year.
Hurricanes cause much destruction and dislocation.
Hurricanes cause much much more damage and deaths than tornadoes.
Hurricanes cause severe winds, storm surges, flooding, and sometimes even tornadoes .
Hurricanes cause tornado.
Hurricanes cause wind.
Hurricanes churn through the Atlantic.
Hurricanes clean the air.
Hurricanes come from the ocean.
Hurricanes come in five categories.
Hurricanes come in many different strenghts from the minimal to the catastropic.
Hurricanes come into being over the ocean far out to sea.
Hurricanes compound the problem and increase vulnerability.
Hurricanes consist of very powerful and deadly winds.
Hurricanes contain a tremendous amount of energy.
Hurricanes continue to deliver mounting losses, both human and financial.
Hurricanes create a storm surge, which is sometimes incorrectly referred to as a tidal wave.
Hurricanes create storms.
Hurricanes deliver heavy rain.
Hurricanes deliver rain.
Hurricanes depend on warm water as an energy source.
Hurricanes destroy homes.
Hurricanes destroy structures.
Hurricanes devastate cities.
Hurricanes devastate, governments founder, peace breaks out, border formalities loosen.
Hurricanes develop from easterly waves.
Hurricanes develop in the southwestern North Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricanes develop over water, although many do eventually hit land.
Hurricanes dissipate when their energy supply is substantially reduced.
Hurricanes dissipate when they move ashore or move into areas of cold sea water.
Hurricanes do damage.
Hurricanes do happen. . .
Hurricanes do have inherent predictability.
Hurricanes do significant damage.
Hurricanes do that to people.
Hurricanes draw their energy from warm, humid air over tropical oceans.
Hurricanes draw their power from warm, extremely humid air found only over warm oceans.
Hurricanes draw their strength from the heated surface layers of the sea.
Hurricanes draw their strength from the warm tropical waters of the ocean.
Hurricanes draw their strength from warm water.
Hurricanes drawtheir power from warm, extremely humid air found only over warmoceans.
Hurricanes drive high wave energy that destroys coastal structures.
Hurricanes enhance that feedback.
Hurricanes evolve from tropical depressions and tropical storms.
Hurricanes exist to move heat away from the tropics.
Hurricanes feed off low-pressure cells over warm ocean waters.
Hurricanes feed on warm water.
Hurricanes form in late summer and early fall when ocean waters are warmest.
Hurricanes form mainly in the late summer and autumn.
Hurricanes form over oceans near the equator, where the air is very moist.
Hurricanes form over the ocean and die down when they move over land.
Hurricanes form over the ocean and weaken if they hit land.
Hurricanes form over the warm ocean water of the tropics.
Hurricanes form over the warm tropical water in ocean and die down when they move over land.
Hurricanes form over warm ocean water as tropical depressions, and weaken rapidly over land.
Hurricanes gain much of their power from warm winds and oceans.
Hurricanes gain strength as they move across the open seas, and can be tracked by meterologists.
Hurricanes gather heat and energy through contact with warm ocean waters.
Hurricanes generally form over empty ocean, but tornadoes often form over populated land areas.
Hurricanes generally move from east to west .
Hurricanes generally move in a path resembling the curve of a parabola.
Hurricanes get energy.
Hurricanes get their fuel from the warm surface water of the ocean.
Hurricanes get their power from the energy contained in warm, moist air over tropical oceans.
Hurricanes go through a number of different stages of development.
Hurricanes grow like good stories.
Hurricanes grow strength from warm waters.
Hurricanes happen in the Atlantic Ocean and Pacific Ocean.
Hurricanes happen much less frequently and they last longer.
Hurricanes happen once in a while,are very rare.
Hurricanes happen so regularly, they have their own season.
Hurricanes hate to lose.
Hurricanes haunt our history.
Hurricanes have (part) storm centers.
Hurricanes have (part) storm centres.
Hurricanes have a benefit, they are a major source for rain.
Hurricanes have bands.
Hurricanes have disastrous effects on banana crops in particular.
Hurricanes have eyes.
Hurricanes have five categories depending on wind speeds.
Hurricanes have rotation.
Hurricanes have their counterparts elsewhere.
Hurricanes have two main parts.
Hurricanes have very powerful winds.
Hurricanes historically cause terrible economic losses.
Hurricanes hit regions.
Hurricanes involve much greater amounts of atmospheric energy exchange.
Hurricanes kill people in all of the following ways.
Hurricanes lead to the upheaval of trees and holes in trees.
Hurricanes leave a number of dangers behind.
Hurricanes leave many companies relying on older technology.
Hurricanes leave much of central and southern Florida under water.
Hurricanes leave much water damage inside homes.
Hurricanes make headlines.
Hurricanes move slowly, and they change direction.
Hurricanes move with the large-scale wind currents in which they are embedded.
Hurricanes moving along the Atlantic Coast have less of an impact.
Hurricanes moving inland can cause severe flooding.
Hurricanes normally move in a U-shaped path.
Hurricanes occasionally cause extensive damage.
Hurricanes occasionally cause severe damage, but the climate is generally excellent.
Hurricanes occasionally strike the island.
Hurricanes occur during months.
Hurricanes occur during the summer and late falls.
Hurricanes occur every year in the Caribbean area and there are frequent earthquakes and flooding.
Hurricanes occur in both the Atlantic and the eastern Pacific.
Hurricanes occur in regions.
Hurricanes occur in the southern hemisphere over warm seas where there is still, calm air.
Hurricanes occur over the ocean because warm, moist air is abundant over the water.
Hurricanes only occur north of the equator.
Hurricanes only start over water, while tornadoes can start over water or land.
Hurricanes originate over tropical waters, close to the equator.
Hurricanes pack enough water and wind to power the United States for six months.
Hurricanes periodically devastate the economy.
Hurricanes pick up their energy from the ocean and attenuate or slow down on land.
Hurricanes play hard, flashy and especially strong on the road.
Hurricanes pose a danger to life and property.
Hurricanes pose a far greater threat to biodiversity than twisters do.
Hurricanes pose a huge threat to the nation both in potential loss of life and economic devastation.
Hurricanes possess cyclonic motion.
Hurricanes present one of the most catastrophic of all natural disasters.
Hurricanes produce a lot of downed woody debris and provide fuel for subsequent fires.
Hurricanes produce all sorts of damage and weakening of natural resources, particularly trees.
Hurricanes produce monster rip tides which are blamed for the deaths of many swimmers each year.
Hurricanes produce storm surges, tornadoes, and often the most deadly of all - inland flooding.
Hurricanes produce violence over a large area, while supercells produce damage over a small area.
Hurricanes propagate over oceans because of the dynamics and forces of nature.
Hurricanes provide weather.
Hurricanes range in categories from one to five with five being the most severe.
Hurricanes rank above earthquakes and floods as the United States' costliest natural disaster.
Hurricanes remain a threat to the islands.
Hurricanes represent a growing problem for our increasingly crowded coastlines.
Hurricanes represent a transfer of energy from warm tropical waters to temperate zones.
Hurricanes require evaporation from warm ocean water to form.
Hurricanes rip apart expensive beachfront land.
Hurricanes rotate in the same direction in the northern hemisphere.
Hurricanes See a picture of a hurricane.
Hurricanes severely impact the health of corals in short time periods.
Hurricanes start out as a group of storms that begin to rotate when they encounter converging winds.
Hurricanes start over the oceans as a collection of storms in the tropics.
Hurricanes start over warm ocean water.
Hurricanes strike Florida more frequently than they strike any other state.
Hurricanes strike in summer months.
Hurricanes strike U.S. coastal areas nearly every year with powerful winds and rain.
Hurricanes take an enormous toll on our families and homes.
Hurricanes take place in Florida.
Hurricanes threaten mainly residents of the Atlantic and Gulf Coast regions.
Hurricanes travel at varying rates.
Hurricanes typically die down as they pass over land.
Hurricanes typically have rain organized into spiral bands with gaps between bands.
Hurricanes weaken and lose their tropical characteristics as they move inland.
Hurricanes weaken rapidly over land.
Hurricanes weaken rapidly when passing over land surfaces for three reasons.
Hurricanes weaken when they lose the right conditions.
Hurricanes work by similar principles.
Hurricanes always begin in the tropics but can move either north or south out of the tropics.
Hurricanes frequently spawn tornadoes during their rapid weakening as they make landfall.
Hurricanes often change direction.
Hurricanes often make landfall in the Carolinas.
Hurricanes often originate as clusters of strong thunderstorms .
Hurricanes often reveal old bombs and missiles used for training during the war.
Hurricanes often spawn tornadoes or cause flooding from extensive rains.
Hurricanes often spawn tornadoes.
Hurricanes often strip houses clean of the asphalt shingles and tile that cover their roofs.
Hurricanes sometimes strike the island.
Hurricanes sometimes threaten the country in autumn.
Hurricanes usually become more common in the later summer.
Hurricanes usually come in off the ocean and hit coastal areas the hardest.
Hurricanes usually move westward and bring torrential rain, howling winds and cause huge waves.
Hurricanes usually occur in late summer or early fall.
Hurricanes usually originate as a cluster of showers and thunderstorms in tropical waters.
All hurricanes are dangerous, but some are more so than others.
All hurricanes are dangerous, but some more so than others.
All hurricanes begin life in a warm moist atmosphere over tropical ocean waters.
All hurricanes have names.
All hurricanes start over the warm ocean.
Every hurricane is different and changes from minute to minute.
Many hurricanes are quiet electrically, probably because they have little mixed-phase precipitation.
Many hurricanes carry winds up to two hundred miles an hour.
More hurricanes are inevitable.
Most hurricanes affect areas.
Most hurricanes affect geographic areas.
Most hurricanes affect specific areas.
Most hurricanes affect specific geographic areas.
Most hurricanes appear in late summer or early fall, when sea temperatures are at their highest.
Most hurricanes are in the lower categories.
Most hurricanes begin as a cluster of thunderstorms.
Most hurricanes bring foot storm tide.
Most hurricanes bring tide.
Most hurricanes bring weather.
Most hurricanes bring wet weather.
Most hurricanes cause high wind.
Most hurricanes cause wind.
Most hurricanes create storms.
Most hurricanes create strong winds and heavy rains.
Most hurricanes deliver heavy rain.
Most hurricanes deliver rain.
Most hurricanes destroy homes.
Most hurricanes destroy structures.
Most hurricanes devastate cities.
Most hurricanes die a quick death when they move inland because of the lack of moisture.
Most hurricanes die before they get as far west as Hawaii, but some do make it.
Most hurricanes die out far from land.
Most hurricanes do damage.
Most hurricanes do significant damage.
Most hurricanes evolve from tropical disturbances.
Most hurricanes follow a similar cycle of development, called a hurricane life cycle.
Most hurricanes form east or south of Florida and track from east to west or south to north.
Most hurricanes get energy.
Most hurricanes have bands.
Most hurricanes have rotation.
Most hurricanes live for about a week.
Most hurricanes occur during months.
Most hurricanes occur in regions.
Most hurricanes occur in the later summer when the ocean water temperature rises.
Most hurricanes produce torrential downpours.
Most hurricanes provide weather.
Most Hurricanes start in the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, and the Gulf of Mexico.
Most hurricanes start out as a seemingly harmless cluster of thunderstorms .
Most hurricanes turn gradually northwest, north, and finally northeast.
Most hurricanes vent their fury and then quickly move on.
Some hurricanes affect food security.
Some hurricanes affect security.
Some hurricanes are much stronger than others.
Some hurricanes are much stronger then others.
Some hurricanes bring death.
Some hurricanes bring lots more rainfall and cause major flooding with storm surges and high surf.
Some hurricanes cause considerable damage.
Some hurricanes cause damage.
Some hurricanes cause extensive damage.
Some hurricanes cause major damage.
Some hurricanes devastate countries.
Some hurricanes develop several tornadoes, while others create none at all.
Some hurricanes follow a fairly straight course, while others loop and wobble along the path .
Some hurricanes move on erratic paths and can be difficult to forecast.
Some hurricanes move over the ocean and never reach the seacoast.
Some hurricanes produce numerous tornadoes as they make landfall.
Some hurricanes produce torrential rains.
Some hurricanes seem to produce no tornadoes, while others develop multiple ones.
Some hurricanes spawn significant tornado.
Some hurricanes stay out over the ocean, but others move toward shore and come onto the land.
Hurried decisions become bad decisions.
Hurried letters tend to be briefer and more general.
Hurried papers are sloppy papers.
Hurried writing is bad writing.
Hurry prices are for a limited time.
Hurry space is limited and filling fast.
Hurry space is limited and selling fast.
Hurry space is limited.
Hurry spots are limited.
Hurry supplies are limited.
A hurry is urgency
All hurry is ego.
Hurst police say, so far, every girl has escaped unharmed.
Hurt causes aches.
Hurt is a health problem
Hurt is bands.
Hurts build, tensions escalate and the situation becomes worse.
Hurts can be physical, emotional or spiritual.
Hurts die hard.
Much hurt can come when Christians compete with one another.
Much hurt is delivered.
Hurtful behavior is typified by gossip, stealing, trouble making, etc.
Hurtful humor creates pain and distance.
Hurtful humor has no place in the school house.
Hurtful situations have no timetable.
Hurtful words reinforce personal alienation and a dualistic view.
Hurtful words spoken directly to a person are another form of loshon hora.
Hurwitz criterion belongs now to the standard engineering curriculum.
Husband wives lose lbs.
Most husband wives lose lbs.
A husband is a partner
Husband acknowledges the wife's patience, love and perseverance.
Husband also appeals the trial court's equitable division of the marital estate.
Husband also appeals the trial court's grant of wife's attorney's fees on appeal.
Husband also appeals, assigning error to the trial court's award of attorney fees to wife.
Husband also assigns error to the trial court's refusal to restore two days of visitation.
Husband also relates severe menstrual bleeding the past two periods.
Husband amuse from lots America since written effects of low blood sugar in child.
Husband appeals the district court's decision regarding spousal maintenance.
Husband appeals the family court's property division and maintenance orders.
Husband appeals the judgment.
Husband appeals the trial court's judgment.
Husband appeals the trial court's property division and spousal maintenance award.
Husband are the ones resp.
Husband argues that the parties had stipulated that the election was revocable.
Husband assumes legal responsibilities, but no assurance of counter-balancing benefits.
Husband beats housewife and kids.
Husband beleives a miracle has occurred.
Husband calls from off stage that the show is booked.
Husband carries between lots page likewise begin racquetballs and rackets.
Husband challenges the award of attorney fees.
Husband comes back to the sisters home downhearted.
Husband comes upstairs and turns on the bathroom light.
Husband concedes that the evidence established the first two elements.
Husband concedes that there is no connection between gender and gift wrapping.
Husband contends that the trial court erred when it failed to impute income to wife.
Husband contends that wife received consideration through the agreement to forego litigation.
Husband curses newfound interest in biology.
Husband dies on impact.
Husband does battle with wife, parents with children, brother with brother, friend with friend.
Husband enjoys hunting.
Husband expect Tonight except the knee beside some grave.
Husband extends arms, and catches the ball.
Husband fantasizes about wife with another woman.
Husband gets sick, world stops turning.
Husband has a good job here.
Husband has bad heart and asthma.
Husband has greater earning capacity than wife.
Husband has husband's function, wife has wife's function, children and parents the same.
Husband has primary physical custody of the children.
Husband has RC airplanes.
Husband inquires about listing in Book of Life.
Husband interrupts several times.
Husband is a demon on the road.
Husband is a keen yachtie, bushwalker and golfer.
Husband is a medical doctor, specializing in anesthesiology.
Husband is a police officer and wife is a Marketing professional.
Husband is a retired army man.
Husband is a retired bank manager, interested in cookery.
Husband is a therapist at the local mental health center.
Husband is an artist who has worked in exhibition design and as a tour guide.
Husband is an attorney with a good firm here.
Husband is financially insecure.
Husband is forty-six years old while wife is fifty years old.
Husband is German.
Husband is great for parties.
Husband is involved with a semipro football team.
Husband is killed as a result of the accident.
Husband is out on a temporary labouring job.
Husband is really demonic, other worldly.
Husband is responsible for support of wife and children.
Husband is restricted from contacted wife s work place.
Husband is retired business owner and a master woodworker.
Husband is semi-retired.
Husband is seventy-five years old and in poor health.
Husband is sick with the stomach flu.
Husband is somewhat negative and difficult to live with.
Husband is still in bed.
Husband is still unemployed.
Husband is to be lord of wife and head of home.
Husband is unhappy with life and it is affecting our marriage.
Husband is very understanding tho.
Husband isa individual.
Husband isa person.
Husband isa somebody.
Husband isa someone.
Husband knows everything.
Husband likes during lots error after require starfire car.
Husband likes to fish and golf.
Husband likes to watch, take pics and join in the fun.
Husband makes first arrangements.
Husband needs healing.
Husband needs help beyond home care.
Husband next argues the trial court erred in classifying the home as marital property.
Husband next challenges the trial court's valuation of a car wash business owned by the parties.
Husband owns and operates a small business which is very successful and makes a fortune.
Husband plays the turtle-lute.
Husband presents one point on appeal.
Husband presents two points on appeal.
Husband raises numerous claims of error in nine points and sub-points on appeal.
Husband raises three points on appeal, dealing with the awards of maintenance and child support.
Husband raises two points on appeal.
Husband require into lots error after have vw corrado for sale.
Husband require into lots error after have where to buy a car.
Husband returns home and joins hunt.
Husband runs errands, does chores and earns a salary.
Husband says trade for outboard motor or quality firearm or make a cash offer.
Husband says, It goes.
Husband see before several cheap tent.
Husband seeks to quash the appeal as interlocutory.
Husband seems forced in some way.
Husband seems to like to stay in the tent now.
Husband sees cat speckled with blood.
Husband sets it up.
Husband shares some of wife's leadership.
Husband stop unto all stranger after begin margot kidder movies.
Husband stop unto all stranger after begin rhonda shear movies.
Husband stop unto all stranger after begin stella stevens movie.
Husband swear among all stranger after stop polyester.
Husband takes comforter out of crib.
Husband takes wife for granted.
Husband teaches different forms of torture.
Husband wants to watch.
Husband welcome any time.
Husband womens silk dress.
Husband works for another firm in the Boston area.
Husbands abandon spouses and family responsibilities.
Husbands abuse their wives emotionally and physically.
Husbands abuse wives and wives abuse husbands.
Husbands actively participate in the family planning decision-making process.
Husbands adopt diets.
Husbands also react according to the rules of human nature.
Husbands appreciate love notes too.
Husbands appreciate services.
Husbands are chiefly good as lovers when they are betraying their wives.
Husbands are even numbers and their spouse is the next consecutive number.
Husbands are even worse.
Husbands are free to hurt,, rape, abuse, even kill their wives without judicial recourse.
Husbands are good people to experiment on.
Husbands are great help.
Husbands are happier when their wives are homemakers.
Husbands are intrinsically different from wives.
Husbands are less expensive to shoe than horses.
Husbands are like children - they're fine if they're someone else's.
Husbands are like children-they're fine if they're someone else's.
Husbands are like fires - they go out when unattended.
Husbands are like fires.
Husbands are often deferential to their wives.
Husbands are on the way, Wives are on the way, and mortgages are paid and canceled.
Husbands are partners.
Husbands are spouses.
Husbands are the head of the family, their wives are the heart.
Husbands are the heads of the home, wives are the necks.
Husbands are to be the anointed spiritual leaders of their wives.
Husbands are to give everything for their wives.
Husbands are to give themselves totally, whole-heartedly, and sacrificially to their wives.
Husbands are to lead their wives, and wives are to submit to their husbands.
Husbands are to love and instruct their wives.
Husbands are to love their wives as their own bodies.
Husbands are to rejoice with the wives of their youth.
Husbands are unfaithful because spreading their seed helped men reproduce their genes.
Husbands are usually on display as former suitors, or as fathers, rather than as husbands.
Husbands are very important and vital to the birth team.
Husbands are, for many wives, their source of comfort, love, joy, and companionship.
Husbands beating wives is from satan.
Husbands become more attentive to their wives disposition on a daily basis.
Husbands become strong leaders of the family.
Husbands become violent.
Husbands blow away wives.
Husbands buy homes.
Husbands can also be bitter with their wives.
Husbands can be another story.
Husbands can be the most unthinking of creatures.
Husbands can increase their share of tasks and increase time caring for children.
Husbands cause pain, and wives cause pain.
Husbands cite experience.
Husbands close doors.
Husbands come into shops.
Husbands cost less to shoe than horses.
Husbands delay their retirement until their wives reach benefit eligibility.
Husbands die at ages.
Husbands die at higher rates than wives after widowhood.
Husbands die at hospitals.
Husbands die from illnesses.
Husbands die or leave, and some women choose to remain single.
Husbands do it all the time.
Husbands do more than wives on minor home repairs, yard work, and car maintenance.
Husbands eat diets.
Husbands eat spinach.
Husbands face a different temptation - for the men, it is hard to be loving, tender and caring.
Husbands feel it is appropriate to give to their wife and mother of their children.
Husbands feel responsibility.
Husbands fighting or dead, wives drag the plow, And the grain grows wild in the fields.
Husbands find lovemaking affirming.
Husbands get homes.
Husbands get offers.
Husbands get the virus while having sex away from home and then return to give it to their wives.
Husbands give consent.
Husbands grieve their father wound in silence.
Husbands have (part) arms.
Husbands have (part) body substances.
Husbands have (part) cell membranes.
Husbands have (part) cells.
Husbands have (part) corpi.
Husbands have (part) cytoplasm.
Husbands have (part) heads.
Husbands have (part) human bodies.
Husbands have (part) legs.
Husbands have (part) material bodies.
Husbands have (part) necks.
Husbands have (part) nuclei.
Husbands have (part) personality.
Husbands have (part) plasma membranes.
Husbands have (part) sections.
Husbands have (part) vacuoles.
Husbands have a problem with spiritual passivity.
Husbands have a right to keep their wives in order through physical violence.
Husbands have authority over their wives, and both have authority over their children.
Husbands have blend families.
Husbands have cases.
Husbands have charge of the children who stay home.
Husbands have education.
Husbands have families.
Husbands have grandpas.
Husbands have homes.
Husbands have ideas.
Husbands have legal resources.
Husbands have life.
Husbands have needs.
Husbands have no authority to command submission.
Husbands have old grandpas.
Husbands have resources.
Husbands have sons.
Husbands have the right to kill their wives and other women relatives.
Husbands have wives.
Husbands hold eldest sons.
Husbands hold sons.
Husbands humiliated by the occupation forces often take out their anger on their wives.
Husbands hurt their wives, and wives hurt their husbands.
Husbands keep companies.
Husbands leave homes.
Husbands leave their wives and marry someone else.
Husbands let the wives do their jobs.
Husbands lie on beds.
Husbands lie to wives.
Husbands live in areas.
Husbands live in homes.
Husbands lose lbs.
Husbands lose weight.
Husbands love books.
Husbands love dogs.
Husbands love 'em, kids love 'em, picky eaters scramble for 'em.
Husbands love food.
Husbands make arrangements.
Husbands make attempts.
Husbands make decisions.
Husbands make more money than bachelors, but marriage reduces a women's earnings.
Husbands make poor attempts.
Husbands make special arrangements.
Husbands make trips.
Husbands marry women.
Husbands move into their wives' homes.
Husbands name unk.
Husbands name unknown.
Husbands never become good, they merely become proficient.
Husbands never understand that spending spree part.
Husbands open bags.
Husbands ought to be loving their wives as their own bodies.
Husbands own houses.
Husbands pay attention.
Husbands produce semen.
Husbands provide care.
Husbands provide foster care.
Husbands receive calls.
Husbands receive telephone calls.
Husbands report improvement.
Husbands report increased love and respect for their wives and their wives' fertility.
Husbands see babies.
Husbands see bounce babies.
Husbands see children.
Husbands see little babies.
Husbands see little bounce babies.
Husbands see pictures.
Husbands see sons.
Husbands seem to want lower levels of intimate engagement than wives.
Husbands share the child-rearing and household duties with their wives.
Husbands still lose jobs and families still break-up.
Husbands stop having sex with wives who have had mastectomies.
Husbands take breaths.
Husbands take care of herding and slaughtering, while wives handle milking and food preparation.
Husbands take care.
Husbands take final breaths.
Husbands take jobs.
Husbands take note, please.
Husbands take places.
Husbands tend to be insecure about being competent and in charge.
Husbands to engage in careers.
Husbands to marry wives.
Husbands try to prevent the attacks or restrain the attacker.
Husbands turn a deaf ear to wives, children tune out their parents.
Husbands use everything, even the maid.
Husbands use fingers, a razor or a knife which can cause internal bleeding and infection.
Husbands want comfort.
Husbands want life.
Husbands want wives.
Husbands wear match outfits.
Husbands wear outfits.
Husbands wear rings.
Husbands work long hours, turn over their paychecks and are given an allowance to spend.
Husbands always seem to know how to give the right answer on the record.
Husbands often call their wives spendthrifts, while wives often think their husbands are too stingy.
Husbands often enjoy emphasizing the woman's role of submission.
Husbands often view the alteration in the relationship as part of the marriage process.
Husbands often work away from the farm.
Husbands sometimes leave, as well.
Husbands sometimes squander grocery money on recreational equipment, hobbies, cars, or clothes.
All husbands are at least part time jerks.
All husbands sleep around and commit adultery.
Many husbands are totally against the actions of their wives.
Many husbands convince their wives with slaps and punches.
Many husbands do the same to their marriages.
Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save at sales.
Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales.
Many husbands immediately take another wife.
Many husbands know how the law can be tricked.
Many husbands like to possess their wives, controlling everything they do.
Many husbands love their wives because they think they are beautiful.
Many husbands see divorce and then remarriage as the only alternative to have children.
Many husbands suffer from menstrual pain.
Many husbands transfer to the wife the responsibility of being the head of their families.
Most husbands adopt diets.
Most husbands appreciate services.
Most husbands are more intelligent than their wives.
Most husbands buy homes.
Most husbands can.
Most husbands cite experience.
Most husbands come into shops.
Most husbands die at ages.
Most husbands die at hospitals.
Most husbands die from illnesses.
Most husbands eat diets.
Most husbands eat spinach.
Most husbands feel responsibility.
Most husbands get homes.
Most husbands get offers.
Most husbands give consent.
Most husbands have cases.
Most husbands have education.
Most husbands have families.
Most husbands have grandpas.
Most husbands have homes.
Most husbands have ideas.
Most husbands have legal resources.
Most husbands have life.
Most husbands have old grandpas.
Most husbands have resources.
Most husbands have sons.
Most husbands have wives.
Most husbands hold eldest sons.
Most husbands hold sons.
Most husbands keep companies.
Most husbands leave homes.
Most husbands lie on beds.
Most husbands live in areas.
Most husbands live in homes.
Most husbands lose lbs.
Most husbands lose weight.
Most husbands love books.
Most husbands love dogs.
Most husbands love food.
Most husbands make arrangements.
Most husbands make attempts.
Most husbands make decisions.
Most husbands make poor attempts.
Most husbands make special arrangements.
Most husbands make trips.
Most husbands marry women.
Most husbands only confess once they get caught.
Most husbands pay attention.
Most husbands produce semen.
Most husbands provide care.
Most husbands provide foster care.
Most husbands receive calls.
Most husbands receive telephone calls.
Most husbands report improvement.
Most husbands see babies.
Most husbands see bounce babies.
Most husbands see children.
Most husbands see little babies.
Most husbands see little bounce babies.
Most husbands see pictures.
Most husbands see sons.
Most husbands take breaths.
Most husbands take care.
Most husbands take final breaths.
Most husbands take jobs.
Most husbands take places.
Most husbands wear match outfits.
Most husbands wear outfits.
Most husbands wear rings.
Some husband s and wives number their letters to eliminate confusion.
Some husbands are arrested on suspicion.
Some husbands are diagnosed with diseases.
Some husbands are diagnosed with disorder.
Some husbands are diagnosed with lung diseases.
Some husbands are diagnosed with personality disorder.
Some husbands arrive at facilities.
Some husbands become ministers.
Some husbands become the target of abuse when they try to protect their kids.
Some husbands bring home flowers for their wives . . .
Some husbands bring homes.
Some husbands bring meat.
Some husbands bring wealth.
Some husbands can be very cruel criticizing their wives appearance.
Some husbands carry lunch.
Some husbands catch fish.
Some husbands cite a poor sex life or marriages turned sour.
Some husbands come into rooms.
Some husbands create families.
Some husbands create homes.
Some husbands declare death.
Some husbands describe importance.
Some husbands develop allergies.
Some husbands die from cancer.
Some husbands die in accidents.
Some husbands die in arms.
Some husbands die in beds.
Some husbands die in car accidents.
Some husbands die in fronts.
Some husbands die in war.
Some husbands die of attacks.
Some husbands die of cancer.
Some husbands die of cirrhosis.
Some husbands die of heart attacks.
Some husbands die of illnesses.
Some husbands die of lengthy illnesses.
Some husbands die of massive attacks.
Some husbands die of massive heart attacks.
Some husbands die of pneumonia.
Some husbands die of starvation.
Some husbands do housework, others faint at the sight of blood.
Some husbands eat oatmeals.
Some husbands encounter intruders.
Some husbands find angleworms.
Some husbands find guys.
Some husbands find shot.
Some husbands get divorces.
Some husbands get heartburn.
Some husbands give examples.
Some husbands give their wives all of the domestic tasks.
Some husbands have benches.
Some husbands have bypass surgery.
Some husbands have cancer.
Some husbands have death.
Some husbands have diabetes.
Some husbands have diseases.
Some husbands have dogs.
Some husbands have double bypass surgery.
Some husbands have double pneumonia.
Some husbands have doubt.
Some husbands have girls.
Some husbands have hard time.
Some husbands have health problems.
Some husbands have large dogs.
Some husbands have little girls.
Some husbands have lung diseases.
Some husbands have pneumonia.
Some husbands have problems.
Some husbands have real hard time.
Some husbands have real time.
Some husbands have shops.
Some husbands have sudden death.
Some husbands have surgery.
Some husbands have terminal cancer.
Some husbands have time.
Some husbands have types.
Some husbands help kindness.
Some husbands keep faith.
Some husbands kick dolphins.
Some husbands kill turkeys.
Some husbands kill wives.
Some husbands know wine.
Some husbands leave children.
Some husbands leave small children.
Some husbands lose family members.
Some husbands lose life.
Some husbands lose love wives.
Some husbands lose members.
Some husbands lose pounds.
Some husbands lose several family members.
Some husbands lose several members.
Some husbands lose wives.
Some husbands love cats.
Some husbands love fish.
Some husbands love flavor.
Some husbands love horses.
Some husbands love pancakes.
Some husbands love soccer.
Some husbands make lessons.
Some husbands make transitions.
Some husbands move women.
Some husbands observe results.
Some husbands own companies.
Some husbands own farms.
Some husbands own firms.
Some husbands own hobby farms.
Some husbands pass months.
Some husbands plant apricot trees.
Some husbands play pianos.
Some husbands possess birds.
Some husbands possess dogs.
Some husbands possess horses.
Some husbands prepare meals.
Some husbands prepare own meals.
Some husbands raise cattle.
Some husbands raise children.
Some husbands raise sons.
Some husbands return homes.
Some husbands return to hospitals.
Some husbands reveal insight.
Some husbands rush to scenes.
Some husbands see smoke.
Some husbands serve as choir directors.
Some husbands serve as directors.
Some husbands share homes.
Some husbands stay homes.
Some husbands stop loving their wives because they became disappointed with their wives.
Some husbands study chinese medicine.
Some husbands study medicine.
Some husbands study traditional chinese medicine.
Some husbands study traditional medicine.
Some husbands suffer from pain.
Some husbands take daughters.
Some husbands take life.
Some husbands take marijuana.
Some husbands take opportunity.
Some husbands take own life.
Some husbands take photos.
Some husbands think so.
Some husbands threaten life.
Some husbands touch stomachs.
Some husbands try to remake their wives.
Some husbands watch deer.
Some husbands watch tips.
Some husbands work at zoos.
A husbandman is a creator
Husbandmen stand in open barn doorways and watch the rain fall to earth.
Husbandry methods allow for entire flocks to be slaughtered simply to clean the stables.
All husbandry practices involve use of strict barrier maintenance.
Husbandry is cultivation
Husbandry is obscure.
Husbandry is performed utilizing gnotobiotic techniques.
Hush kits are engine mufflers used to reduce noise and air pollution from outdated engines.
Hush kits are high-tech mufflers for airplane engines.
Hush kits are similar to mufflers on a car.
Hush kits lessen the noise of older aircraft.
A hush puppy is a cornbread
Hush puppies are a local cuisine tradition as well as a standard of quality measurement.
Hush puppies are a local cuisine tradition as well as a standard of quality.
Hush puppies are cornbreads.
Hush puppy is an old southern term that originated after the civil war.
A hushpuppy is a cornbread
Hushpuppies are a traditional accompaniment for fried catfish.
Hushpuppies are a traditional accompaniment to fried catfish.
Hushpuppies are bands.
Hushpuppies are dumplings made from corn flour, and are traditionally served with fried catfish.
Hushpuppies are on the spicy side, made with jalapenos.
Hushpuppies are pieces of fried cornmeal batter which are a great southern tradition.
A husk is a material
Husk isa material.
Husk isa stuff.
Husks are sheaths.
Husks help retain freshness and sweetness.
Husks start out green, sticky, and fuzzy and become dark brown with age.
Some husks cover ears.
Some husks illustrate features.
Husked rice is included at the actual weight.
Husky defense is about attitude.
Husky dogs are No.
Husky dogs have a fox-like bushy tail.
Husky dogs have a tremendous amount of fur on their feet and surrounding the pads of their feet.
Husky fans are awesome.
Husky football is Seattle's fourth major-league franchise.
Husky liners cover front, back seat, and cargo areas with a custom fit.
Husky luggage can be tough.
Husky puppies have very silky soft fur.
Husky timbers support the loft and outline the horse boxes, farrowing sty, and milking stanchions.
Husky voice accompanies pleasing acceleration.
A husky is a dog
Huskies again are a nordic arctic breed dog.
Huskies are adaptable.
Huskies are bred to run and pull.
Huskies are curious, alert, and sometimes nosey.
Huskies are dogs.
Huskies are for people who live an active life.
Huskies are friendly towards people and kids of all ages.
Huskies are generally healthy, but like all breeds, they're prone to certain health conditions.
Huskies are in fact, often quite territorial, mostly with other dogs.
Huskies are mammals, and all mammals reproduce sexually.
Huskies are medium-sized dogs.
Huskies are on the top of the list, dogs that chew and dig.
Huskies are our gift and companion guides.
Huskies are prone to a skin condition called zinc responsive dermatosis.
Huskies are special.
Huskies are very loving and kind with children, as they exhibit the purest for of love and energy.
Huskies are very unlike other dog breeds when it comes to feeding.
Huskies beef up men's and women's cross country teams.
Huskies complete three-game series sweep with rout.
Huskies cornerbacks coach says they'll have to do the best they can with what they have.
Huskies drop fifth straight.
Huskies drop second game of doubleheader, as they get three hits.
Huskies enjoy the company of other dogs as they are used to living in large groups.
Huskies fit best with confident, experienced dog owners who set rules and deliver consistency.
Huskies get sweep with romp.
Huskies go blind more often than other dogs.
Huskies hate being left on their own.
Huskies have large, hairy feet that are ideal for gripping the snow.
Huskies have no body odor, so they never smell.
Huskies have the most haunting howl of any breed but at the same time it is very reasurring.
Huskies have very individual personalities, and are notoriously stubborn.
Huskies is certain.
Huskies like to groom themselves, just like a cat.
Huskies live outdoors all their lives.
Huskies look to begin a winning streak.
Huskies lose pitching duel in the opener.
Huskies lose sixth straight, as Oklahoma City erupts for four runs in first inning.
Huskies lose third straight to Oklahoma City and eighth straight overall.
Huskies love to be FREE .
Huskies love to dig, especially down through layers of snow.
Huskies love to dig.
Huskies make great pets for households with children.
Huskies show a balance of power , speed and endurance .
Huskies show a balance of power, speed and endurance.
Huskies value the company of people and other dogs.
Huskies wear little booties to protect their feet in bad snow conditions.
A hussar is a soldier
Hussars are also more resistant to conversion.
Hussars are light-armoured mounted soldiers.
Hussars leave Perth.
Husserlian phenomenology meets cognitive science.
A hustler is a person
Hustlers are magazines.
Hustlers are opportunists.
Hustlers are utterly without conscience.
Hustlers do that.
Hustlers have difficulty with love.
Hustlers here are just as they have been for centuries.
Hustlers play characters like wolves wearing sheep suits.
Some hustlers even package their products to look like brand name products.
A hut is shelter
Hut isa shelter.
Huts are a vile species of dripping pizza scum.
Huts are all steel constructed.
Huts are dark and very hot as the sun beats down on their metal roofs.
Huts are for emergency use only.
Huts are found built in straight rows .
Huts are found built in straight rows.
Huts are round, with conical thatched roofs and mud walls.
Huts are shelter.
Huts are simple wooden structures.
Huts are usually round with cone-shaped thatched roofs and mud walls.
Huts change mountain travel in two fundamental ways.
Huts disappear when the terrain under is worked by a citizen.
Huts have (part) bases.
Huts have (part) sections.
Huts have cold running water, gas cooking rings, heating, lighting and flush toilets.
Huts have low, pitched roofs that are easily cleared of drifting snow.
Huts have mattresses, wood burning stoves for heating, running water and toilet facilities.
Huts have slightly fewer creature comforts than a Turkish prison.
Huts operate on a first come, first serve basis and there is a two-night limit.
Huts overlook a grassed communal area, shaded by wonderful Natal mahogany and sausage trees.
Huts provide shelter for backcountry trekkers.
Huts provide shelter from storms and foster the camaraderie of the mountains.
Huts vary in type and style from lush to simplistic.
All huts have bunks and mattresses, cooking areas, long-drop ablutions and outside taps.
All huts have cold water, dormitory bunks and bedding.
All huts have level access.
All huts offer easy return trails back to the highway.
Every hut has goats, sheep, water buffalo, oxen, chicken, and an occasional pig staked outside.
Every hut has some emergency supplies and a radiotelephone.
Most huts are round with thatched roofs.
Most huts have a visitors book to log the use of the huts.
Most huts have an open fire inside used for cooking and heat and drying corn or maize.
Most huts have basic appointments such as dining room, wash room, drying facilities, etc.
Most huts have chemical or dry closets.
Most huts have flat grassy areas perfect for pitching a tent.
Some huts are in the valley, while others stand on the mountain ridge.
Some huts provide drinking water for sale.
Some huts provide plenty.
A hutch is a cage
Hutch asks about going to Hawaii.
Hutch comes home in new clothes and squeaky shoes.
Hutch features adjustable shelf and storage.
Hutch features two adjustable shelves which can be positioned on either side.
Hutch is active, rolling the notes and letting the sustain do the rest.
Hutch is cute.
Hutch is more of the power guy who wants to be the mean guy on the team.
Hutch is very creative.
Hutch isa cage.
Hutch looks rather nice in basic black and pearls.
Hutch takes a pick and shovel but finds the box empty.
Hutch works with the client to design the console ground-up and supervise the whole project.
Hutches are easy to move or lift for cleaning.
Hutches are open or with hinged doors.
Hutches create overhead storage that is easily accessible.
Hutches feature solid wood shiplap backing.
Hutches have (part) bases.
Hutches have (part) sections.
Hutches offer vertical space without sacrificing desk area.
Hutches provide shelter.
Hutchs are cages.
Hutchs are carriage.
Most hutches provide shelter.
Some hutches have fans.
Hutterian children receive starts with kindergarten.
Hutterite boys wear button-down shirts, long black pants, suspenders and caps.
Hutterite colonies are in South Dakota, followed by Montana, North Dakota, Minnesota and Washington.
Hutterite colonies engage in some of the most sophisticated farming operations in the Canadian west.
Some Hutterite colonies manufacture stainless steel and similar products.
Hutterite ideology stresses the shared fate of the group and warns against the sin of selfishness.
Hutterite men tend to wear the basic black suit with a white collared shirt.
Hutterite society is a Christian sect with a rural, communal, agrarian lifestyle.
Hutterite society is different from mainstream North American society in obvious ways.
Hutterite women wear dark scarfs with small dots.
A hyacinth bean is a vine
Hyacinth bean is a purple lovers dream.
Hyacinth bean is also an annual vine.
Hyacinth bean is an old-fashioned vine, making a big comeback.
Hyacinth bean requires warm soil to germinate well, preferably with well drained, evenly moist soil.
Hyacinth beans are vines.
Hyacinth bulbs are planted in the fall and borne in spring.
Hyacinth bulbs are susceptible to rot if planted in a wet area.
Hyacinth macaws are one of the largest species of parrot.
Hyacinth macaws are sometimes picky eaters when it comes to fruits, vegetables and soft foods.
Hyacinth macaws eat seeds.
Hyacinth macaws have eyesights.
Hyacinth macaws have good eyesights.
Hyacinth macaws have tongues.
Hyacinth macaws mate for life and are extremely affectionate and social birds.
Hyacinth macaws require more fat in their diets than other parrot species.
Most hyacinth macaws eat seeds.
Most hyacinth macaws have eyesights.
Most hyacinth macaws have good eyesights.
Most hyacinth macaws have tongues.
Some hyacinth macaws eat nuts.
Some hyacinth macaws eat palm nuts.
Some hyacinth macaws mate for life.
Some hyacinth systems suffer from mosquito problems.
A hyacinth is a mineral
Hyacinth isa mineral.
Hyacinths are also special because they can be grown without any soil or gravel.
Hyacinths are among the easiest bulbs to flower in pots in the home.
Hyacinths are among the easiest bulbs to grow.
Hyacinths are deliciously fragrant.
Hyacinths are excellent container plants.
Hyacinths are famous for their fragrance.
Hyacinths are only a little bit harder.
Hyacinths are people.
Hyacinths are playful, intelligent, and avid chewers.
Hyacinths are such vigorous growers they sometimes use up one or more nutrients in the pond.
Hyacinths are the largest of the parrot species and one of the most easily recognized.
Hyacinths are very intelligent birds and have even been known to use tools.
Hyacinths are zircons.
Hyacinths become weeds.
Hyacinths fly at the first sign of light, then take siesta naps in the heat of the day.
Hyacinths have a wingspan reaching nearly four feet.
Hyacinths look quite handsome when planted singly, or in groups.
Hyacinths make their nests by enlarging holes they find in trees.
Hyacinths require a diet higher in fat than most parrots.
Hyacinths often destroy the first clutch.
Most hyacinths become weeds.
Some hyacinths have feathers.
Hyacinthoides species are European.
A hyaena is a canid
Hyaenas are intelligent creatures .
Hyaenas are intelligent creatures.
Hyaenas are known to have one of the world 's strongest bites .
Hyaenas are known to have one of the world's strongest bites.
Hyaenas are misunderstood.
Hyaenas live in clans defending their territory against other clans.
A hyaline cartilage is a cartilage
Hyaline cartilage consists of chondrocytes and extracellular matrix.
Hyaline cartilage consists of mostly Type II collagen.
Hyaline cartilage contains no blood vessels or nerves.
Hyaline cartilage forms the growth plates.
Hyaline cartilage has less cells than elastic cartilage, there is more intercellular space.
Hyaline cartilage is also what makes up the cartilage in the nose, bronchi, larynx and trachea.
Hyaline cartilage is at the bottom of the picture.
Hyaline cartilage is composed of four distinct histologic zones.
Hyaline cartilage is found in several places.
Hyaline cartilage is found in the nose and tracheal rings.
Hyaline cartilage is found is the cricoid, thyroid, and arytenoid cartilages.
Hyaline cartilage is normal type.
Hyaline cartilage provide support with flexibility and resistance.
Hyaline cartilages are cartilages.
Hyaline casts can have inclusions of various kinds.
Hyaline casts dissolve quite readily in alkaline urine.
Hyaline membranes are present, preventing alveolar oxygen exchange resulting in respiratory failure.
Hyaline membranes arise from alveolar injury due to a variety of insults.
Hyaline membranes become less prominent.
A hyaline is a material
Hyaline cartilage Direct injury ie.
Hyaline cartilage overlying lamellar bone.
Hyaline contains very little elastin compared to elastic cartilage.
Hyaluronate products are available as solutions or precipitates as various salts.
Hyaluronic acid enhances the zona pellucida-induced acrosome reaction of macaque sperm.
Hyaluronic acid helps the joints produce good joint fluid.
Hyaluronic acid is a major component of synovial fluid, which aids in the lubrication of the joints.
Hyaluronic acid is a mucopolysaccharide
Hyaluronic acid is a natural component of cartilage and joint fluid.
Hyaluronic acid is a natural polysaccharide and lubricates and cushions the joint.
Hyaluronic acid is a naturally occurring glycosaminoglycan.
Hyaluronic acid is a naturally occurring substance found in the synovial fluid.
Hyaluronic acid is a newer medication for joint injection, used to treat osteoarthritis of the knee.
Hyaluronic acid is chemical compounds.
Hyaluronic acid is expensive but popular.
Hyaluronic acid is increased by estrogen.
Hyaluronic acid is influenced by nutrition and other environmental factors.
Hyaluronic acid is metabolized by hyaluronidase in synovium.
Hyaluronic acid is mucopolysaccharides.
Hyaluronic acid is needed to cushion and lubricate joints, eyes, skin and heart valves.
Hyaluronic acid occurs naturally in body tissues and fluids.
Hyaluronic acid occurs naturally.
Hyaluronic acid provides a steay mousture source to dry skin.
Hyaluronic acid provides lubrication and helps prevents erosion of the cartilage.
Hyaluronic acid provides lubrication to the synovial membrane surface.
A hyaluronidase is an enzyme
Hyaluronidase hastens absorption of the blood.
Hyaluronidase is employed therapeutically since many years.
Hyaluronidase is well suited for use in infants and children.
Hyaluronidase is widely available and keeps well if refrigerated.
Hyaluronidases are enzymes.
Hybodont sharks represent the sister-group of modern elasmobranchs.
Hybrid advertising combines one to one banner exchange and a duplicating program.
Hybrid amplifiers are every audiophile's secret dream.
Hybrid animals are called chimeras sometimes because of the monster.
Some hybrid animals exhibit greater strength and resilience than either parent.
Some hybrid approaches involve software.
Hybrid architecture provides maximum security and performance.
Hybrid art is a combination of both styles.
Hybrid automobiles combine highly efficient gasoline-powered engines with electric motors.
Hybrid bass are fast growers.
Hybrid bass are good at night on small bream.
Hybrid bass are popular sportfish.
Hybrid bass are similar in appearance to both parents.
Hybrid bees have more heterozygosity in their genome than do inbred or line-bred bees.
Hybrid bicycles are a blend of characteristics of road bikes, mountain bikes and touring bikes.
Hybrid bikes try to balance the pluses and minuses of each.
Hybrid bluegill are a cross between bluegill and green sunfish.
Hybrid bluegill are very attractive and do well in aquariums.
Hybrid bluegill grow up to three times faster than bluegill.
Hybrid bluegill have a large mouth and train readily to commercial fish feed.
Hybrid breeding is discussed for some time, but there is no information for cardamom.
Hybrid buses combine a combustion engine with electric motors and batteries.
Hybrid cantaloupe has excellent disease resistance, and produces high yields of high quality fruit.
Hybrid cars adjust to weather, traffic and driver s habits.
Hybrid cars appear to be the future direction chosen by the auto industry.
Hybrid cars are cars with at least two power sources.
Hybrid cars are heavy, thanks in part to their large nickel-hydride battery packs.
Hybrid cars are possibly the saviors of the ozone.
Hybrid cars can avoid some of the waste.
Hybrid cars combine a gasoline engine with an electric motor.
Hybrid cars have engines.
Hybrid cars pair a gasoline engine with an electric motor that recharges as the cars are driven.
Hybrid cars use a combination of electricity and fuel to run.
Most hybrid cars have engines.
Hybrid card has co-existing chips that operate independently.
Hybrid cattail is a mostly sterile perennial aquatic herb.
Hybrid cattail is distributed throughout southeastern Canada and the eastern United States.
Hybrid choice is something all seed companies talk about.
Hybrid classes meet at least one day each week on campus and also have a required online component.
Hybrid collards are prolific, grow quickly in cool weather and mature all at once.
Hybrid corn has thirty percent less quality than open pollinated corn.
Hybrid corn is a commercial success story in increasing yields.
Hybrid corn is an excellent model of how plant breeding can be put to good use to feed people .
Hybrid corn is grown all over the world.
Hybrid courses are also possible using a combination of seminar and Internet delivery.
Hybrid courses are courses that combine more than one instructional delivery mode.
Hybrid courses can meet on weekends or during the week.
Hybrid crampons have a heel bail and toe strap.
Hybrid cultivars produce vigorous stolons which cause a thatch problem.
Hybrid departments are often mediocre.
Hybrid discs are a good way for subjective checking.
Hybrid discs are readable in native form on more than one operating system.
Hybrid electrics hold the most promise for the future.
Hybrid filters are air cleaners that are a combination of the other types of air cleaners.
Hybrid fitness varies by genotype and by environment.
Hybrid forms emerge when local flavor engages the canon of high taste.
Hybrid forms exist between all three types.
Hybrid funds invest in a mix of stocks and debt securities, such as bonds.
Hybrid gateways are ones where the above types are combined.
Some hybrid genotypes seem to be capable of outperforming parental genotypes in some conditions.
Hybrid grapes are a good first choice for a home winemaker.
Hybrid grasses are popular because they promote a smooth roll and require less maintenance.
Hybrid grasses delineate various sections of the course.
Hybrid habitats are often disturbed habitats where hybrid forms can thrive through colonization.
Hybrid languages are modal languages which allow explicit reference to the states in a model.
Hybrid languages provide the exact kind of expressive power required to match description languages.
Hybrid larch is preferred on drier, more adverse sites.
Hybrid macaws are intended to be pets or performers.
Hybrid macaws are often very beautiful birds with distinct coloration.
Hybrid macaws have coloration.
Most hybrid macaws have coloration.
Hybrid mail is a blend of both electronic and physical mail.
Hybrid maize is the greatest practical achievement of plant genetics to date.
Hybrid males are known to show behavior intermediate between the two parental species.
Hybrid managers understand both management and information systems management and jargon.
Hybrid maturity can affect the water use efficiency of dryland corn as much as stress tolerance.
Hybrid maturity is a major consideration in hybrid selection.
Hybrid meshes combine the best features of regular and irregular meshes.
Hybrid microcircuits contain a mixture of discrete and integrated circuits on a single substrate.
Hybrid models are available for most systems, including heat pumps.
Hybrid modelers build assemblies in exactly the same way as their solids-only counterparts.
Hybrid mortgage See alternative mortgage products .
Hybrid motors have several safety advantages over solids.
Hybrid motors use components from both liquid and solid ful rocket motors.
Hybrid motors use solid fuel and a liquid oxidizer.
Hybrid musks have large clusters of flowers and are known for their heavy fragrance.
Hybrid networks integrate the technologies of satellite networks and terrestrial networks.
Hybrid offspring exhibit characteristics.
Hybrid offspring have high milk production.
Hybrid offspring have milk production.
Hybrid offspring have production.
Most hybrid offspring have high milk production.
Most hybrid offspring have milk production.
Most hybrid offspring have production.
Some hybrid offspring have mutation.
Many hybrid owners make the mistake of trying to physically dominate their animals.
Hybrid packaging is necessary to achieve the high functional density.
Hybrid philosophies have won the battle, They rule and control showing no mercy.
Hybrid plans are account-oriented.
Hybrid plants are cultivars.
Hybrid plants are physically uniform.
Hybrid plants give higher yield, better resistance to drought, flood, insects and disease.
Hybrid plants make growth.
Hybrid plants make poor growth.
Hybrid plants qualify.
Most hybrid plants make growth.
Most hybrid plants make poor growth.
Some hybrid plants receive treatments.
Hybrid poplar has a lower ratio of tangential to radial shrinkage than native cottonwoods.
Hybrid poplar is made into everything from toothpicks to high-quality veneers and papers.
Hybrid procedures apply only to affirmative orders.
Hybrid processors combine elements of two or three of the major classes of processors.
Hybrid processors ease budget, development constraints.
Hybrid products can blur brand, manufacturer, and country identifications.
Hybrid products combine sensing and emitting elements in a single package.
Hybrid production is based on cytoplasmic male sterility.
Hybrid progeny are formed that have full genomic complements from both parents.
Hybrid programming combines content from different data sources.
Hybrid property is a piece of property that is partly marital and partly separate.
Hybrid proponents dismiss the heirloom advocates as agriculture's version of tree huggers.
Hybrid regulations are common, but the narrowest requirements are normally made the most stringent.
Hybrid rice poses even more serious threat.
Hybrid rockets are chemical rockets.
Hybrid rockets use a solid fuel and a liquid oxidizer.
Hybrid rockets utilize safe, non-toxic and storable fuels.
Hybrid rules are a combination of actions by the legislative and judicial functions.
Hybrid seed is available for oilseed, nonoilseed and high oleic sunflower production.
Hybrid seeds are crosses between species or strains of plants.
Hybrid seeds are distributed in Africa by the Drought Tolerant Maize for Africa project.
Hybrid seeds are more expensive than open-pollinated varieties.
Hybrid seeds are seeds that are obtained by cross-fertilizing two or more different plant varieties.
Hybrid seeds are the result of crossing two plant of the same type but different strains.
Hybrid seeds are typically more expensive than heirlooms, too.
Hybrid seeds are usually quite expensive.
Hybrid selection is a critical factor in determining the optimum plant population.
Hybrid selection is one of the most important management decisions in corn silage production.
More hybrid settings lack the simplicity and immediate tension implicit in the classical cityscape.
Hybrid shrubs seem to occur regularly in the latter area.
Hybrid simulation refers to the use of an analytical submodel within a discrete event model.
Hybrid sound has fullness of a humbucker with single coil snap and pop.
Hybrid stars seem to blow both.
Hybrid status is relevant for claiming treaty benefits.
Hybrid strings perform well, only the price is often a little high.
Hybrid striper are fair on live shad.
Hybrid striper are good on slabs and crankbaits.
Hybrid striper are slow to fair on cut shad.
Hybrid suits have hard-shell parts and fabric parts.
Hybrid sunflowers have production.
Hybrid sunflowers have seed production.
Most hybrid sunflowers have production.
Most hybrid sunflowers have seed production.
Hybrid systems are dynamical systems with two levels of description.
Hybrid systems can exhibit much more complicated behavior than dynamical systems can.
Hybrid systems can obtain very long lifetimes.
Hybrid systems contain switched components.
Hybrid systems implement coherence in software, but use hardware support for fine-grain sharing.
Hybrid systems incorporate multiple energy sources.
Many hybrid systems exist.
Some hybrid systems incorporate a backup generator as well.
Hybrid tea is roses.
Hybrid teas are available in every color imaginable except for blue and black.
Hybrid teas are probably the most popular, though old garden roses are really regaining popularity.
Hybrid teas are the ones florists use to get that bouquet of single, long-stemmed roses.
Hybrid teas bear long, narrow buds on single, straight stems.
Hybrid teas have large flowers with a high-pointed bud.
Hybrid teas have limited chance for success in containers.
Hybrid teas have very little scent while species roses sometimes have an overwhelming scent.
Hybrid teas take more space than floribundas.
Most hybrid teas have an upright growth habit.
Most hybrid teas have some fragrance.
Hybrid technology approaches.
Hybrid technology can unlock a door to higher per-acre gross returns and improved profits per acre.
Hybrid technology works in small cars and in very large vehicles as well.
Hybrid telephones use a combination of digital and analog technology.
Hybrid texts are a feature of contemporary intercultural communication.
Hybrid transformer are ordinarily small and under high load it can overheat.
Hybrid trees are abundant here.
Hybrid trees are available.
Hybrid turkeys can show characteristics of both subspecies.
Hybrid varieties are particularly vulnerable.
Hybrid varieties have an in-between growth pattern.
Hybrid varieties tend to be more vigorous and higher yielding than inbred varieties.
Some hybrid varieties can exist into cooler climates.
Hybrid vehicles are another story.
Hybrid vehicles are far more efficient than conventional gasoline-powered cars.
Hybrid vehicles are more flexible.
Hybrid vehicles combine a traditional internal-combustion engine with an electric motor and battery.
Hybrid vehicles combine an internal combustion engine with an electric motor and battery.
Hybrid vehicles incorporate an electric motor with a standard internal combustion engine.
Hybrid vehicles represent exciting, new technology.
Hybrid vehicles use both a rechargeable energy storage system and a gasoline powered engine.
Hybrid vests contain some internal buoyancy and are inflatable to provide additional flotation.
Hybrid views fare no better.
Hybrid vigor accounts for a good deal of the mule's sturdy health.
Hybrid vigor increases grain yield.
Hybrid vigor is a common phenomenon in many types of plants and animals.
Hybrid vigor is a tendency
Hybrid vigor is greatest for fitness traits.
Hybrid vigor is often seen in plants - it is the opposite of inbreeding depression.
Hybrid vigor is tendencies.
Hybrid vigor occurs when two inbred populations are crossed.
Hybrid vigour promises a vivid, bountiful future, both in Montreal and out on the Left Coast.
Hybrid vigour tends to affect reproduction, longevity and disease resistance.
Hybrid wheats are of importance for use as stocks from which to breed and select.
Hybrid zones are a problem.
Hybrid zones are common.
Hybrid zones are regions where diverged populations meet and interbreed .
Hybrid zones are regions where diverged populations meet and interbreed.
Hybrid zones raise some interesting evolutionary questions.
A hybrid is an organism
Hybrid approaches mixing SC with numerical methods seem to be promising.
Hybrids also come in pale pink.
Hybrids also present a problem.
Hybrids also use a much smaller gasoline engine than conventional cars use for better economy.
Hybrids are a complex problem.
Hybrids are a fast-growing category.
Hybrids are a huge improvement over regular electric vehicles.
Hybrids are a new and growing alternative to new machines.
Hybrids are almost always intermediate in form between the parent species.
Hybrids are also very vulnerable to pest attacks.
Hybrids are an excellent utility bike.
Hybrids are at a competitive disadvantage.
Hybrids are available as well as open pollinated and synthetic varieties.
Hybrids are available that are slightly larger and higher yielding.
Hybrids are available to United States consumers through two car companies.
Hybrids are cats that result from a cross of two species.
Hybrids are classed by when they bloom.
Hybrids are combinations of two other tomatoes.
Hybrids are commercial messages masquerading as noncommercial forms of communication.
Hybrids are common, but hybridization has only been recorded between members of the same subgenus.
Hybrids are complexs.
Hybrids are contagious.
Hybrids are creatures who have been genetically altered through breeding across species.
Hybrids are crosses between other species or hybrids.
Hybrids are desirable to consumers who want to maximize their fuel economy.
Hybrids are different than genetically engineered organisms.
Hybrids are different.
Hybrids are fertile and there are reports of successful reproduction in a few reservoirs.
Hybrids are formed in the process of adaptation.
Hybrids are formed when prothalli of two different species germinate alongside one another.
Hybrids are generally preferred when the emphasis is production of hay.
Hybrids are good at night with small bream.
Hybrids are hardy statewide in Arkansas if they are given full sun and good drainage.
Hybrids are healthier than dogs, and are less prone to disease.
Hybrids are here.
Hybrids are in use world wide by serious contester, DX'ers and the serious ham in general.
Hybrids are larger and heavier than ibex.
Hybrids are less fit and therefore selected against.
Hybrids are notedas such.
Hybrids are often superior in many ways to their parents - a phenomenon called hybrid vigour.
Hybrids are often superior in performance to more homozygous strains, as demonstrated in corn.
Hybrids are often visibly distinct from their parents.
Hybrids are organisms.
Hybrids are particularly welcome.
Hybrids are perfect for short, casual rides on recreational trails or roads.
Hybrids are popular bicycles for the Rochester area.
Hybrids are possible.
Hybrids are powerful and can destroy furniture, wooden doors, and other large objects.
Hybrids are probably the result of male pallid sturgeon fertilizing shovelnose eggs.
Hybrids are revenue insurance.
Hybrids are sometimes crosses with many different genera.
Hybrids are the impetus for evolutionary change, almost always for the better.
Hybrids are the most common and normally have higher yields and higher oil percentage.
Hybrids are the offspring derived by crossing two unique inbred lines.
Hybrids are the offspring of parents from different breeds, varieties or closely related species.
Hybrids are the offspring of parents that differ in one or more genetic traits.
Hybrids are the only way to go.
Hybrids are traditional firms that also sell online.
Hybrids are usually more vigorous and prolific.
Hybrids are usually more vigorous, productive and uniform in growth than nonhybrids.
Hybrids are usually more widely adaptable or tolerant of environmental extremes than the parents.
Hybrids are very difficult to sample due to their roving nature.
Hybrids are very useful.
Hybrids are viable and, as male hybrids are normally fertile, backcrossing is possible.
Hybrids are well known in flatfishes.
Hybrids are what the major manufacturers are pursuing today.
Hybrids are widespread, fertile and ancient.
Hybrids are works which deny fathers.
Hybrids bring diversity to the repository collection.
Hybrids can also form when two varieties interbreed.
Hybrids can be as varied as job histories.
Hybrids can be difficult to distinguish from red deer or pure sika.
Hybrids can be the best of both parents or the worst, sometimes both.
Hybrids can exhibit any combination of wolf or dog maturation rates and behavioral changes.
Hybrids can have many different configurations.
Hybrids can have some characteristics of both parents.
Hybrids can occur in fish color, scale, or fin varieties.
Hybrids can survive as long as they remain with their mothers or if they're under human care.
Hybrids can yield an extra ton of grain per hectare over local varieties.
Hybrids capture part of the braking energy to recharge the battery, increasing fuel economy.
Hybrids carrying engineered genes can erode diversity or destroy it entirely.
Hybrids combine a small combustion engine with an electric battery.
Hybrids combine aluminum and composite construction.
Hybrids combine an internal combustion engine with a battery to reduce emissions and save gas.
Hybrids combine an internal combustion engine working in tandem with a rechargeable battery.
Hybrids combine digital and analog technology to attempt to get the best of both.
Hybrids combine the best of electricity and gasoline.
Hybrids consume significantly less fuel than vehicles powered by gasoline alone.
Hybrids continue to reproduce parthenogentically and sexually to complete their life cycle.
Hybrids crack a fundamental automotive conundrum.
Hybrids differ but all have some resistance to stalk rots.
Hybrids differ in the patterns and rate of brace root development.
Hybrids differ in the proportion of grain they produce.
Hybrids differ in the time it takes to reach harvest moisture from black layer.
Hybrids differ in their ability to regrow pruned roots.
Hybrids differ in their susceptibility to green snap so plant several different hybrids.
Hybrids differ in yield, maturity, standability and other characteristics.
Hybrids drive just like other cars their range of travel limited only by their gas tank capacity.
Hybrids exhibit differing levels of partial resistance to gray leaf spot.
Hybrids exhibit the best characteristics of both parents.
Hybrids exhibit the most varied combinations of the indumenta of their parents.
Hybrids exhibit the smallest bristle shaft diameters.
Hybrids expressing the red-leaf symptom show greater reduction in yield.
Hybrids fail to produce functional gametes.
Hybrids go through windows of susceptibility to brittle snap injury at different stages.
Hybrids have a carlike unitized body and independent suspension.
Hybrids have a low center of gravity for stable, easy handling .
Hybrids have better range and overall performance, and they're already cheap to manufacture.
Hybrids Have characteristics of both debt and equity.
Hybrids have distinct needs too.
Hybrids have light coats, often tinged tan, and bald faces.
Hybrids have limited electronic manufacturing services.
Hybrids have names, too.
Hybrids have some advantages.
Hybrids have their uses.
Hybrids have various combinations of feral hog and Eurasian wild boar characteristics.
Hybrids help automakers meet federal fuel-economy standards.
Hybrids Hit By Farmer Resistance.
Hybrids improve efficiency of any primary drive system including fuel cells.
Hybrids lose kernel moisture at different rates in the field.
Hybrids make undesirable pets.
Hybrids mix stocks and bonds, and possibly other assets.
Hybrids now make up a tiny fraction of vehicles sold.
Hybrids occur, some beeing frequent.
Hybrids offer some hope.
Hybrids operate on a combination of electricity and one other source of power.
Hybrids own equity and debt.
Hybrids pop more reliably and expand more than the old open-pollinated popping corns.
Hybrids prefer clear open waters, but can withstand far warmer conditions than striped bass.
Hybrids produce more squares.
Hybrids proliferate and the political stakes of the cyborg remain open.
Hybrids provide the earliness and size required for the early plantings.
Hybrids react differently to latitude, location, altitude and other factors.
Hybrids react differently, so check with the seed company.
Hybrids rely on both a gasoline engine and an electric motor that is powered by batteries.
Hybrids represent an important step to renewable powered fuel cell cars.
Hybrids resemble longleaf more than slash.
Hybrids run on gasoline, diesel, compressed natural gas, ethanol, or some other combustible fuel.
Hybrids seem more interesting than they once did.
Hybrids sing a three note song.
Hybrids switch to fish diet at a very small size if appropriate sized fish are available.
Hybrids switch to fish diet at a very small size if ap-propriate sized fish are available.
Hybrids tend to be heavier and taller that wolves.
Hybrids tend to be more vigorous than OPs, a well-documented phenomenon known as hybrid vigor .
Hybrids tend to weigh more and to be much larger than the average cat.
Hybrids thrive in dry soil and can take shade.
Hybrids try to do both, but do neither very effectively.
Hybrids use a combination of batteries and a small gasoline engine.
Hybrids vary greatly in their standability.
Hybrids vary in the angle that the leaves point toward the heavens.
Hybrids vary in their response to the environment.
Hybrids often assume a brushy or shrub form.
Hybrids often have larger foliage and flowers.
Hybrids often show greater vigor and faster growth.
Hybrids usually have a deeper body, shorter tail, and more sloped head than the striped bass.
Hybrids usually reach keeper size sometime in their third year of growth.
All hybrids are large size, usually a gallon pot.
All hybrids are susceptible to stalk rot under some conditions.
All hybrids are welcome.
All hybrids listed in the tables are single crosses unless otherwise stated.
All hybrids welcome.
Every hybrid is different.
Many hybrids are available.
Many hybrids are much less demanding and make good indoor plants.
Many hybrids are now available in color combinations of white, red and pink.
Many hybrids exist , both natural and created by humans .
Many hybrids exist which are acceptable.
Many hybrids exist, both natural and created by humans.
Many hybrids grow to be very large in size, and play roughly as well.
Many hybrids occur between related plant species.
Most hybrids are resistant enough that no further management is required.
Most hybrids are the result of deliberate breeding in captivity.
Most hybrids can and do reproduce.
Most hybrids occur between species within the same genus.
Most hybrids show only one particular pattern, but in some two different patterns are developed.
Some hybrid is o.k.
Some hybrids also have warm tones of yellow, saffron, salmon and orange.
Some hybrids also tend to put out a second and sometimes a third ear.
Some hybrids are also genetically prone to developing tillers, even at adapted plant populations.
Some hybrids are extremely susceptible, while others appear to have a reasonable level of tolerance.
Some hybrids are less susceptible then others.
Some hybrids are more resistant than others.
Some hybrids contain more 'purpling' genes than others.
Some hybrids have a loose, open type head which hastens field drying.
Some hybrids have an active pineal eye and are telepathic.
Some hybrids have orange and gold flowers.
Some hybrids naturally partition more carbohydrates to the stalk.
Some hybrids produce a fluffy-looking blossom.
Some hybrids respond well.
Some hybrids tolerate high populations better than others.
A hybridisation is a mating
Hybridisation appears to be limited to the polygynous species.
Hybridisation describes the bonding atoms from an atom 's point of view .
Hybridisation describes the bonding atoms from an atom's point of view.
Hybridisation takes place between species and between genera.
Hybridization also makes the plant bigger and more stress resistant.
Hybridization analyses of nervous system gene expression.
Hybridization attempts within the subgenus Glycine are summarized below.
Hybridization can change the genetic makeup of plants in many ways.
Hybridization can disrupt the pattern, resulting in a wide spectrum of abnormalities.
Hybridization can lead to many interesting new plants.
Hybridization can occur between all three taxa.
Hybridization commonly occurs in nature.
Hybridization detects only a few specific drug related mutations.
Hybridization does occur in nature but it is very very rare.
Hybridization is a cross between two varieties or species.
Hybridization is a mating
Hybridization is a phenomenon naturally generated at such interfaces.
Hybridization is a prominent example of molecular recognition.
Hybridization is a serious problem to our wild salmon when aquaculture fish escape.
Hybridization is also a frequent impact.
Hybridization is an evolutionary mechanism that produces new species.
Hybridization is carried out primarily with yak females mated to bulls of local cattle.
Hybridization is common.
Hybridization is considered a threat to the endangered Banteng.
Hybridization is correlated with introgression .
Hybridization is couplings.
Hybridization is detected with a chemiluminescent substrate.
Hybridization is detected.
Hybridization is different from grafting .
Hybridization is insidious, and it is unstoppable.
Hybridization is most common in the areas south and west of Lake Erie.
Hybridization is now a common agricultural practice used to increase production in plants.
Hybridization is similar to the hybridizations that occur in the plant and animal kingdoms.
Hybridization is the breeding of Vitis vinifera with resistant species.
Hybridization is the practice of two different species interbreeding.
Hybridization occurs between gray dogwood and the similar species listed above.
Hybridization occurs when recently diverged populations interbreed.
Hybridization plays a role in shift also.
Hybridization refers to the formation of double stranded nucleic acids.
Hybridization uses cross pollination to introduce desirable characteristics from two parent plants.
Hybridizations are relatively rare among native species because of disjunctive distribution.
Hybridization often produces variations that prove beneficial in extreme environments.
Hybridized plants are the result of a cross between two varieties.
Hybridogenetic frogs are hybrid frogs with a weird genetic system.
A hybridoma is a vegetative cell
Hybridoma ascites production in laboratory animals .
HyCD format preserves all the data in the Native environment.
Hydantoin is an antiepileptic drug
Hydantoins are anticonvulsants.
Some hydantoins are central nervous system depressants.
A hydathode is a pore
Hydathodes are common.
Hydathodes are small openings on the leaf blades which exude water.
Many hydathodes have white calcite deposits at leaf tip.
Hydatid cysts are lined with a thin layer of germinal epithelium.
A hydatid disease is infestation
Hydatid disease is a parasite infection of humans and animals.
Hydatid disease is a significant disease in Australia, which is under-reported.
Hydatid disease is under-reported in Australia.
Hydatid disease occurs throughout most of the world.
A hydatid is a cyst
Hydatids disease in man usually follows close contact with infected dogs.
Hydorelectric energy is lost.
A hydra is a hydroid
Hydra can move from one location by gliding or even somersaulting.
Hydra can perform observations of the brighter sampling of stars.
Hydra can reproduce either sexually or asexually depending on conditions.
Hydra can reproduce themselves by making another, smaller hydra.
Hydra has a very simple body plan.
Hydra has opening to fluid compartment, but small opening.
Hydra has three cell lineages, which are all self-renewing and maintained by stem cells.
Hydra has two distinct methods of reproduction, asexual and sexual.
Hydra is also multiuser.
Hydra is attracted to food, moderate light and moderate temperatures.
Hydra is brighter and more easy to find.
Hydra is classified as a 'ring' nebula.
Hydra is composed of a mouth, gastric cavity, and a foot process.
Hydra is famous for being one of the twelve labors of Hercules.
Hydra is filled with abundant life in the summer.
Hydra is one of the easiest greek islands to get to from Athens.
Hydra is one of the easiest islands to get to from Athens.
Hydra is one of the simplest of the metazoa.
Hydra is part of such animals.
Hydra is represented by several species in the different parts of the world.
Hydra is reproduced by the process of budding.
Hydra is sensitive to light and seeks out a suitable illumination.
Hydra is transparent, jelly-like and with tentacles.
Hydra isa cnidarian.
Hydra reproduce asexually by budding.
Hydra reproduce asexually in a process called budding.
Hydra reproduces both asexually and sexually.
Hydra reproduces both sexually and asexually.
Hydras are animals.
Hydras are constellations.
Hydras are great.
Hydras are objects.
Hydras are planets.
Hydras are sessile, attaching to some sort of substrate.
Hydras are simple animals.
Hydras are simple, freshwater animals possessing radial symmetry and no post- mitotic cells.
Hydras are trouble.
Hydras have (part) brains.
Hydras have (part) cell membranes.
Hydras have (part) cells.
Hydras have (part) coelenterons.
Hydras have (part) corpi.
Hydras have (part) cytoplasm.
Hydras have (part) ears.
Hydras have (part) faces.
Hydras have (part) heads.
Hydras have (part) nuclei.
Hydras have (part) plasma membranes.
Hydras have (part) sections.
Hydras have (part) skulls.
Hydras have (part) vacuoles.
Hydras have both muscular and nerve fibers, and respond to touch.
Hydras have diameters.
Hydras have digestive tracts.
Hydras have heads.
Hydras have legends.
Hydras have motion.
Hydras have tentacles.
Hydras have tracts.
Hydras have well developed powers of regeneration and grafting.
Hydras show negative responses.
Hydras show positive responses.
Hydras show responses.
Hydras swallow live prey.
Hydras swallow prey.
Many hydra can capture and eat animals larger than themselves because their bodies are very elastic.
Most hydras are microscopic in size .
Most hydras are microscopic in size.
Most hydras have diameters.
Most hydras have digestive tracts.
Most hydras have heads.
Most hydras have legends.
Most hydras have motion.
Most hydras have tentacles.
Most hydras have tracts.
Most hydras show negative responses.
Most hydras show positive responses.
Most hydras show responses.
Some hydras are monoecious and some are dioecious.
Some hydras attract attention.
Some hydras belong to phyla.
Some hydras eat plankton.
Some hydras eat small plankton.
Some hydras have ammonium.
Some hydras have light.
Some hydras have polyp.
Some hydras have power.
Some hydras have single polyp.
Some hydras have stages.
Some hydras have symbiotic algas.
Some hydras have types.
Some hydras live in fresh water.
Some hydras live in water.
Some hydras receive attention.
Some hydras respond to stimuli.
Some hydras swim in water.
Some hydras undergo oogenesises.
A hydralazine is an antihypertensive drug
Hydralazine passes into breast milk.
Hydralazine relaxes blood vessels lowering blood pressure.
Hydralazine relaxes the muscles that control the diameter of blood vessels.
Hydralazines are drugs.
Hydranga flowers tend to be pink in acidic soil.
A hydrangea is a bush
Hydrangeas also bloom on prior year's growth, so prune after they bloom.
Hydrangeas also have a nickname called 'Change Rose'.
Hydrangeas are a plant species for which the word remarkable can be used without exaggeration.
Hydrangeas are also deciduous in that they lose their leaves in winter.
Hydrangeas are also very effective, large flower heads, covering all the bush.
Hydrangeas are among the world's most beautiful and care-free shrubs.
Hydrangeas are bushs.
Hydrangeas are cane producing plants, and have a number of branches generated from the soil line.
Hydrangeas are easy to grow in a loose, organically enriched, moist soil that drains well.
Hydrangeas are especially tricky and vary depending on the variety.
Hydrangeas are extremely popular, but they run the cost up.
Hydrangeas are great for the entry because their bloom is long lasting.
Hydrangeas are in their glory in the fall.
Hydrangeas are just one way to update a glass luncheon plate.
Hydrangeas are low-maintenance and their pruning requirements are relatively simple.
Hydrangeas are out and pink, sedums are full out, and the mums are so vibrant.
Hydrangeas are plants.
Hydrangeas are probably one of the most misunderstood plants, when it comes to pruning.
Hydrangeas are rather easy plants to grow.
Hydrangeas are showy cut flowers that bloom in pink, blue or other modified colors.
Hydrangeas are shrubs that respond well to selective pruning or no pruning at all.
Hydrangeas are shrubs.
Hydrangeas are some of the most sumptuous summer-flowering shrubs for our shady gardens.
Hydrangeas are susceptible leaf spots and powdery mildew.
Hydrangeas are water-demanding.
Hydrangeas can be tricky to dry.
Hydrangeas can provide much enjoyment for many seasons when properly cared for.
Hydrangeas come as small trees, too.
Hydrangeas feature their huge globe-shaped flowers in pink, white, red and blue.
Hydrangeas have a high demand for water, and no other plant is as unforgiving of wilt.
Hydrangeas have a very difficult time with hot, dry air, resulting in brown leaves.
Hydrangeas have such big leaves that they can suffer if set out during hot weather.
Hydrangeas make beautiful cut flowers.
Hydrangeas make fine container plants, flowering for many months.
Hydrangeas prefer high light, but avoid afternoon sun in the summer.
All hydrangeas enjoy an annual rich feed of manure.
Hydrant function can have a direct and immediate impact on the safety of human life and property.
Hydrant water is flushed to the storm drains in both the wet and dry seasons.
A hydrant is a faucet
A hydrant is a plumbing fixture
Hydrants are also flow-tested and pumped on a cyclical basis.
Hydrants are color-coded to give important information to firefighters.
Hydrants are for the protection of property during fires.
Hydrants are perfect for wash down areas and places that require large volumes of controlled water.
Hydrants are to be closed immediately after use.
Every hydrant has a number to identify it in the database.
Hydrat ion is recommended to reduce new stone formation.
Hydrate crystals are most stable under cold conditions.
A hydrate is a compound
Hydrates also can form either in the well bore or in connecting lines, plugging the flow.
Hydrates also go by the name of clathrates, a term derived from the Latin word for lattice.
Hydrates are a common type of addition compound.
Hydrates are compounds that have major implications for the natural gas industry.
Hydrates are compounds.
Hydrates are crystalline substances which contain water.
Hydrates are inorganic salts which contain a specific number of water molecules loosly attached.
Hydrates can cement loose sediments in a surface layer several hundred meters thick.
Hydrates contain vast store of world gas resources.
Hydrates form on and under the sediments.
Hydrates influence physical properties of ocean sediments, particularly strength and stability.
Hydrates only remain stable solids under high pressure- low temperature conditions.
Hydrates represent an enormous energy source.
Hydrates often accumulate in troublesome amounts and impede fluid flow.
Hydrated skin itches less.
Hydrated skin looks less wrinkly.
Hydrated skin means smoother skin.
Hydration also is very important.
Hydration also plays a key role in athletic performance.
Hydration also triggers metabolic changes in the embryo that cause it to resume growth.
Hydration appears to be tied to phases of deformation.
Hydration boosts survival odds for tiniest transplant patients .
Hydration can also help stave off the effects of jet lag.
Hydration causes crystals to form that interlock and bind together.
Hydration causes the seed to swell and rupture the seed coat.
Hydration forms at different rates on different obsidians.
Hydration has the potential to decrease or prevent side effects.
Hydration has unclear value.
Hydration helps maintain proper muscle tone and helps keep the skin clear, healthy and resilient.
Hydration involves a complex redirection of forces of attraction and repulsion.
Hydration involves many different reactions, often occurring at the same time.
Hydration is a critical way to do that.
Hydration is a good way of promoting blood flow through bone.
Hydration is a key to avoiding heat-related injuries.
Hydration is a major key.
Hydration is a priority.
Hydration is also critical to thermo-regulation in the cold.
Hydration is also important.
Hydration is also key for all the mucous membranes of the body to remain moist.
Hydration is an equally vital component in maintaining constant energy and fighting fatigue.
Hydration is an important part of good nutrition.
Hydration is another important part of training.
Hydration is assessed by carefully recording intake and output and by observation of skin turger.
Hydration is association
Hydration is association.
Hydration is believed to be critically important in the treatment of migraine.
Hydration is considered especially valuable in improvement of ventilation.
Hydration is critical for fighting eczema.
Hydration is crucial for infants.
Hydration is crucial, so please bring a bottle of water.
Hydration is doubly important to the diabetic diver to prevent decompression illness.
Hydration is equally important in the summer as it is in the winter.
Hydration is essential to good breast milk production.
Hydration is essential to managing diarrhea regardless of the cause.
Hydration is important for good digestion and overall health.
Hydration is important for keeping joints lubricated as well as for overall health.
Hydration is important for keeping the joints lubricated as well as for overall health.
Hydration is important for prevention.
Hydration is important, as the body is mostly water.
Hydration is important, but so is replenishment of vitamin stores.
Hydration is important.
Hydration is in summer mode.
Hydration is just part of the recovery equation.
Hydration is maintained by drinking a lot of fluid.
Hydration is monitored by daily weights.
Hydration is monitored by electrolytes.
Hydration is monitored by serum hematocrit.
Hydration is normal.
Hydration is probably the most studied area relating to kidney stones.
Hydration is required to permit long-term hibernation.
Hydration is serious business, especially in the summer.
Hydration is the bottom line in athletic performance.
Hydration is the key to a long and enjoyable ride.
Hydration is the key to removal of toxins from the cells, and transporting nutrients into the cells.
Hydration is the next.
Hydration is the surrounding of ions with molecules of water.
Hydration is very important and caffeine has a drying effect.
Hydration is very important.
Hydration is very simple to solve.
Hydration makes so much difference, microstriae make so much difference.
Hydration packs The juice on the best packs out there.
Hydration pockets that only accept one type of bladder.
Hydration prevents flare-ups.
Hydration produces some heat.
Hydration starts well before the race starts.
Hydration often precedes the next process - hydrolosis.
Hydraulic action describes the erosion caused by the dragging of water over the stream bed and bank.
Hydraulic action occurs when waves striking a cliff face compress air in cracks on the cliff face.
Hydraulic action refers to the force of the water's flow against the banks and bed.
Hydraulic actuators are similar to electric motors in that they position causal.
Hydraulic actuators control each joint.
Hydraulic actuators move wing aerodynamic control surfaces, a body flap, and the rudder.
Hydraulic actuators provide the desired wheel loads.
Hydraulic actuators use oil and pneumatic ones use gas to move.
Hydraulic agitation is the most common means of agitation used on low pressure boom sprayers.
Hydraulic agitation requires a portion of the flow from the pump to be diverted back to the tank.
Hydraulic assists secure doors and the trunk lid.
A hydraulic brake is a brakes
Hydraulic brakes are completely maintenance-free.
Hydraulic brakes come in two flavors, open and closed.
Hydraulic brakes play a critical role in the safe operation of any passenger vehicle.
Hydraulic calculations are the alternative to the use of pipe schedules.
Hydraulic calculations includes elevation changes and service line loss per zone.
Hydraulic cement expands and dries quickly, even in wet conditions.
Hydraulic cement has a composition which permits it to set quickly under water.
Hydraulic cement is cement
Hydraulic compensation is provided by positive pressure compensators.
Hydraulic components are intrinsically safe to meet the safety requirements.
Hydraulic components includes an adjustable constant tension mode.
Some hydraulic conditions occur during low flow periods.
Some hydraulic conditions occur during periods.
Hydraulic conductivities tend to be similar in all of the coals, but variable.
Hydraulic conductivity decreases with decreasing matric potential in unsaturated soils.
Hydraulic conductivity defines the rate at which a fluid can pass through a porous medium.
Hydraulic conductivity has effects.
Hydraulic conductivity increases for all soils as they dry.
Hydraulic conductivity is a function of the sediment through which water travels.
Hydraulic conductivity is a highly variable soil property.
Hydraulic conductivity is a more standard term.
Hydraulic conductivity is a property of the porous-fluid system together.
Hydraulic conductivity is similar to permeability.
Hydraulic conductivity is the primary variable controlling flow.
Most hydraulic conductivity has effects.
Some hydraulic conductivity increases compaction.
Hydraulic connections are quick-connect as well.
Hydraulic connections consist of a weir, culverts and a weir, or gated spillways and a weir.
Hydraulic control valve all change new one.
Hydraulic control valves with servo actuators.
Hydraulic controls are optional.
Hydraulic cutters are also quite heavy, always a drawback.
Hydraulic cylinder is protected with spring coupling.
Hydraulic cylinder works with spring in the engaged position for positive hookup.
Hydraulic cylinders allow for the bending of work rolls to achieve a flatter profile.
Hydraulic cylinders apply down pressure.
Hydraulic cylinders are available as an option.
Hydraulic cylinders are very smooth and efficient for linear movement.
Hydraulic cylinders come in various shapes and sizes.
Hydraulic cylinders open and close the cutting chamber for fast access.
Hydraulic dampers play a key role in ensuring the safety, stability, and comfort of rolling stock.
Some hydraulic diggers use machines.
Hydraulic disc brakes all around provide plenty of stopping power.
Hydraulic disc brakes.
Hydraulic disk brakes use fluid pressure to force nonrotating brake pads inward against the disk.
Hydraulic doorstops keep heavy doors from slamming.
Hydraulic dredges can seriously degrade ocean floor habitats, as can bottom-scraping trawl gear.
Hydraulic dredges work like vacuum cleaners to remove bottom sediments and associated water.
Hydraulic drive allows restarts with material in the crusher.
Hydraulic drive requires hydraulic power unit.
Hydraulic drives are optional.
Hydraulic drum brakes use fluid pressure to slow a metal drum, which rotates with the wheel.
Hydraulic dump trailers make deliveries.
Hydraulic elevators are fail-safe with regard to electrical system failure.
Hydraulic elevators require less space for machine rooms, which can be remote from the hoistway.
Hydraulic energy is primary directed and controlled by A. cylinders.
Hydraulic equipment has many small parts.
Hydraulic equipment is available for instruction in fluid-power transmission and control.
Hydraulic failures can result in severe crushing incidents.
Hydraulic fluid can go around arbitrary corners with only minor frictional loss.
Hydraulic fluid can hold large amounts of air in solution.
Hydraulic fluid is in communication with the two ends of the cylinder, separated by the piston.
Hydraulic fluid is used to control both rebound and compression damping.
Hydraulic fluid needs to be replaced on a routine basis, also.
Hydraulic fluids are a large group of liquids made of many kinds of chemicals.
Hydraulic fluids are also a hazardous material, especially under pressure.
Hydraulic fluids comprise a large portion of all lubricants produced in the world.
Hydraulic force Occurs any time pressure acts on a seal face area.
Hydraulic forces are MUCH different than a typical river flooding.
Hydraulic fuses work much like their electrical counterparts.
Hydraulic gradient is calculated from ground water elevations measured in monitor wells.
Hydraulic gradient is calculated from groundwater elevations measured in monitor wells.
Hydraulic gradient is the slope of the water surface.
Hydraulic hammers tend to drill holes without breaking the surrounding rock.
Hydraulic haulers are also helpful as they save the lobsterman from hauling in traps by hand.
Hydraulic horsepower is equivalent to mechanical horsepower.
Hydraulic hose is a popular choice.
Hydraulic hoses secure to bucket sides to prevent accidental detaching.
Hydraulic integrity is supplied using cement.
Hydraulic legs raise main fuselage clear of pod for unloading operations.
Hydraulic lever is essentially a force amplifier.
Hydraulic lift is driven by the tractor's motor.
Hydraulic lifts allow the pool to become, noiselessly and within seconds, a standard stage floor.
Hydraulic lifts are usually slower than traction lifts.
Hydraulic lifters reduce valvetrain noise and are maintenance-free.
Hydraulic loading depends on rainfall, irrigation, and surface runoff.
Hydraulic loading refers to the total amount of water applied to the soil.
Hydraulic machines are designed to use large volumes of water to carry the chemicals to the trees.
Hydraulic machines utilize a standard electric rotator.
Hydraulic mining begins in California.
Hydraulic mining is considered the quickest form of placer mining, but the effects are devastating.
Hydraulic motors are available to fit within the hub of wheels.
Hydraulic motors give a steady, continuous torque.
Hydraulic nozzles are the best to use with backpack or tractor sprayers.
Hydraulic oil flows out of the from the ram cylinder, lowering the lift arms and implement.
Hydraulic oil is pumped into the base of the lift cylinder, which rests on the pit floor.
Hydraulic operation can also provide greater thrust than standard electric operation.
Hydraulic operation helps reduce noise and vibration.
All hydraulic parameters including viscosity, speed, and pump gap are adjustable.
Hydraulic placement is well-suited to placement of thin layers over large surface areas.
Hydraulic power is controllede by jet pipe servo valves.
Hydraulic power is provided by a unit mounted on the bed of the truck.
Hydraulic power is provided by the vehicle's transmission.
Hydraulic power is supplied through a positive displacement pump driven by a motor.
Hydraulic power is used to drive the patented rotary broom for sweeping snow - thatch removal, etc.
Hydraulic power raises and lowers the restraint for smooth, consistent action.
Hydraulic pressure does all the work.
Hydraulic pressure gauges.
Hydraulic pressure is adjusted to proper range.
Hydraulic pressure is an across-variable .
Hydraulic pressure is another available method to remove bearings.
Hydraulic pressure is applied to clamp segment in place.
Hydraulic pressure is applied to manure that is in contact with the surface of the separator screen.
Hydraulic pressure is relieved.
Hydraulic pressure is used by pilots to maintain control of aircraft in flight.
A hydraulic pump is a pump
Hydraulic pumps makes the liquid flow and there is a safety closing device integrated in the system.
Hydraulic pumps provide power.
Hydraulic radius is a measure of channel efficiency.
A hydraulic ram is a pump
Hydraulic rams are a tried and true technology that has been in use for a number of years.
Hydraulic rams are relatively economical to purchase and install.
Hydraulic reservoir has sight gauge for easy checking of oil level.
Hydraulic robots use oil under pressure and generally perform heavy duty jobs.
Hydraulic shakers provide more precise control over agitation.
Hydraulic skeleton has to do with fluid movement.
Hydraulic sprayers are suggested in order to obtain thorough coverage.
Hydraulic stabilizers create a smooth cutting action and control depth for clean, precise cuts.
Hydraulic structures including dams, irrigation systems and the draining of wetlands are eighth.
Hydraulic suspensions raise and lower the chassis for greater off-road mobility.
A hydraulic system is a mechanism
Hydraulic system closes gently and smoothly.
Hydraulic system has hard chrome plated pump piston with polyurethane seals.
Hydraulic system is protected with the most extensive filtration system available.
Hydraulic system is simple in design while ensuring high efficiency to reduce energy costs.
Hydraulic system requires pioneer quick couplers.
Hydraulic systems are mechanisms.
Hydraulic systems are more accurate and provide more power than pneumatic systems.
Hydraulic systems are more powerful and accurate but also more costly.
Hydraulic systems are used for moving very heavy things, like in cranes, excavators, or bulldozers.
Hydraulic systems can be either simple or complex.
Hydraulic systems contain an operating fluid.
Hydraulic systems rely on an incompressible fluid to transmit force.
Hydraulic systems transmit power to operate the brakes and, in some cases, the steering system.
All hydraulic systems start with oil.
Many hydraulic systems operate outdoors.
Some hydraulic systems have magnetic filters installed at strategic points.
Hydraulic testing is complete.
Hydraulic thumbs are ideal for removing pavement, demolition work, or separating recyclables.
Hydraulic trailers are also available for larger boats wishing to use our private launch ramp.
Hydraulic trailers make deliveries.
Most hydraulic trailers make deliveries.
Hydraulic transport is standard on pull type models.
Hydraulic tubing is stainless steel.
All hydraulic tubing is stainless steel.
Hydraulic turbines convert energy.
Most hydraulic turbines convert energy.
Hydraulic valves adjust the width of the screed to coincide with the width and depth of the rut.
Hydraulic velocity slows progressively downstream.
Hydraulics power is supplied by an electric motor.
A hydrazine is a chemical agent
Hydrazines are bases.
Hydrazines are chemical compounds.
Hydrazines are clear, colorless liquids with an ammonia-like odor.
Hydrazines are highly reactive and easily catch fire.
Hydrazines have operational applications in many of our space and missile programs.
Hydrazoic acid is an explosive
Hydrazoic acid is extremely toxic , even more toxic than sodium azide .
Hydrazoic acid is extremely toxic, even more toxic than sodium azide.
Hydrazoic acid is hydride
Hydrazoic acid is very explosive .
Hydrazoic acid is very explosive.
Hydric classification is for the natural, undrained soil.
Hydric hammocks are moist or wet nearly all the time.
Hydric hammocks are upland, drier versions of hardwood swamps.
Hydric soil is the first attribute.
Hydric soils are generally organic soils, but sandy and mineral soils can also be hydric.
Hydric soils have a spherical soil component surrounded by air spaces occupied by water.
Hydride is a binary compound
Hydrides are alloys containing nickel, rare-earth metals, aluminum and manganese.
Hydrides react with water, so there are no hydrides found in nature.
A hydrilla is a hydrophytic plant
Hydrilla chokes boat motors, crowds native plants and prevents fisherman from fishing.
Hydrilla grows so rapidly that it crowds or shades more desirable aquatic plants.
Hydrilla is found as far west as Texas and California.
Hydrilla is present, but the bay is also filled with stumps and flooded timber.
Hydrilla is probably the most troublesome submersed aquatic plant in North America.
Hydrilla occurs in tropical to temperate regions on all continents except Antarctica.
Hydrilla poses a threat to Oregon's lakes, reservoirs and streams.
Hydrilla produces an abundance of tubers and turions in the fall.
Hydrilla produces small, white flowers at the water s surface in the summer.
Hydrilla produces tiny white flowers on long stalks.
Hydrilla spreads via underground rhizomes and above ground stolons.
Hydrillas are aquatic plants.
Hydrilla often floats at the surface where it forms dense mats.
Hydrilla often has one or more sharp teeth along the length of the leaf mid-rib .
Hydrilla often has one or more sharp teeth along the length of the leaf mid-rib.
HydroCAD skills are also preferred.
Hydrocarbon fuel reacts with oxygen from the air in such a way that electrical power is generated.
Hydrocarbon fuels are environmental polluters.
Hydrocarbon fuels burn in oxygen to produce carbon dioxide and water and release heat.
Hydrocarbon fuels used include methane, ethylene and acetylene.
A hydrocarbon is an organic compound
Hydrocarbon isa compound.
Hydrocarbon solvents down in the lungs can cause incredibly bad chemical pneumonias.
Hydrocarbon traps frequently display anomalous geothermal gradients.
Hydrocarbons also arise from gasoline-powered vehicles and from industrial processes.
Hydrocarbons also contain harmful compounds such as benzene, a known toxin.
Hydrocarbons also serve as semiochemicals.
Hydrocarbons are a group of organic compounds containing only carbon and hydrogen.
Hydrocarbons are a major cause of ground-level ozone pollution, or smog.
Hydrocarbons are also a product of incomplete combustion of fuel.
Hydrocarbons are any molecules that just contain hydrogen and carbon.
Hydrocarbons are chemical compounds made mainly of carbon and hydrogen .
Hydrocarbons are chemicals that can exist as both gases and solid particles.
Hydrocarbons are completely ozone friendly, and have minimal global warming potential.
Hydrocarbons are compounds that contain carbon and hydrogen.
Hydrocarbons are drop-in substitutes for chemical refrigerants.
Hydrocarbons are easily vaporized compounds containing hydrogen and carbon.
Hydrocarbons are excellent refrigerants, but they are also flammable and explosive.
Hydrocarbons are generally crude oil, gasoline, hexane, naptha, fuel oil, etc.
Hydrocarbons are generally crude oil, gasoline, naptha, fuel oil, hexane, etc.
Hydrocarbons are greenhouse gases and help create smog in cities.
Hydrocarbons are in the ink and paper is bleached white with chlorine.
Hydrocarbons are inanimate objects.
Hydrocarbons are isotopically lighter than the carbon from related sediments.
Hydrocarbons are major contributors to the ozone depletion.
Hydrocarbons are molecular compounds.
Hydrocarbons are molecules containing only the elements carbon and hydrogen in the form of chains .
Hydrocarbons are molecules containing only the elements carbon and hydrogen in the form of chains.
Hydrocarbons are on the basic place among specific substances.
Hydrocarbons are organic compounds made entirely of molecules featuring just hydrogen and carbon.
Hydrocarbons are organic compounds that contain only hydrogen and carbon.
Hydrocarbons are organic compounds.
Hydrocarbons are organic matter.
Hydrocarbons are part of the necessary ingredients for life.
Hydrocarbons are signatures of life.
Hydrocarbons are soluble in aromatic solvents such as toluene and xylene.
Hydrocarbons are sometimes suspect.
Hydrocarbons are the building blocks of coal, oil and other fossil fuels.
Hydrocarbons are the chief chemicals of inhalant abuse.
Hydrocarbons are the fundamental family of molecules studied in the field of organic chemistry.
Hydrocarbons are the lifeblood of a technological society.
Hydrocarbons are the new spices.
Hydrocarbons are the other main ingredient in photochemical smog.
Hydrocarbons are unburned fuel vapors.
Hydrocarbons can be toxic and play a primary role in the formation of ozone.
Hydrocarbons can be toxic to aquatic organisms.
Hydrocarbons can quench signal response and generate ghost peaks.
Hydrocarbons can take on many different forms.
Hydrocarbons cause severe eye irritation and possibly corneal abrasions.
Hydrocarbons cause smog and are important in the formation of ozone.
Hydrocarbons causes nose and eye irritation, chronic lung problems, asthma, bacterial infections.
Hydrocarbons consist of atoms.
Hydrocarbons consist of hydrogen atoms.
Hydrocarbons contain only the elements hydrogen and carbon.
Hydrocarbons contain the building blocks for life.
Hydrocarbons continue to be the major source of energy.
Hydrocarbons contribute to smog and ozone.
Hydrocarbons contribute to the formation of ozone and the resulting smog problem.
Hydrocarbons defat mucous membranes and cause buccal and gastrointestinal irritation.
Hydrocarbons form hazes of smog high in the upper atmosphere.
Hydrocarbons have zero ozone depleting and negligible global warming qualities.
Hydrocarbons have zero ozone depletion potential, and very low global warming impact.
Hydrocarbons include compounds.
Hydrocarbons include organic compounds.
Hydrocarbons migrate vertically and laterally as far as sufficient permeability is present.
Hydrocarbons move into the porous layers and are trapped by an impermeable rock layer or caprock .
Hydrocarbons occur as liquids, gases, or solids.
Hydrocarbons only contain hydro gen and carbon atoms.
Hydrocarbons react to sunlight.
Hydrocarbons react with nitrogen oxides and sunlight to form ozone.
Hydrocarbons react with other chemicals to form smog.
Hydrocarbons react with oxygen.
Hydrocarbons react with sunlight when released into the atmosphere to form ozone, a pollutant.
Hydrocarbons result in longer lifetimes than salt water.
Hydrocarbons seeping from the seafloor change their environment in several important ways.
Hydrocarbons tend to pass through zooplankton unchanged.
Many hydrocarbons dissolve only slowly in water.
Most hydrocarbons are polar.
Most hydrocarbons consist of atoms.
Most hydrocarbons consist of hydrogen atoms.
Most hydrocarbons have a lower specific gravity than water.
Most hydrocarbons react to sunlight.
Most hydrocarbons react with oxygen.
Some hydrocarbons affect integrity.
Some hydrocarbons are produced by ethane.
Some hydrocarbons burn more smoothly than others.
Some hydrocarbons evaporate into the air very quickly, and others evaporate more slowly.
Some hydrocarbons find in mineral oil.
Some hydrocarbons find in oil.
Some hydrocarbons pose pollution problems.
Some hydrocarbons pose problems.
Some hydrocarbons pose serious pollution problems.
Some hydrocarbons pose serious problems.
Some hydrocarbons prevent crop growth.
Some hydrocarbons prevent growth.
Some hydrocarbons react with nitrogen oxide.
Some hydrocarbons react with oxide.
A hydrocele is disorder
Hydroceles also develop after infection, injury, or local cancer tumors.
Hydroceles are benign swellings of the scrotum.
Hydroceles are diseases.
Hydroceles are disorder.
Hydroceles are easily treatable, too.
Hydroceles are more common in boys who are born prematurely.
Hydroceles can reoccur.
Hydroceles often occur with inguinal hernias.
Many hydroceles go away on their own.
Most hydroceles are asymptomatic or subclinical.
Most hydroceles develop because of blocked lymphatic flow.
Most hydroceles disappear during the first year of life.
Most hydroceles grow to a certain size and then stabilize.
Most hydroceles resolve spontaneously.
Hydrocephalic dogs are commonly mentally dull and have a limited ability to learn.
Hydrocephalic patients undergo repetitive surgical procedures, most of which involve the scalp.
A hydrocephalus is an abnormality
Hydrocephalus accounts for a large proportion of adult patients with a diagnosis of dementia.
Hydrochloric acid activates pepsinogen and turns it into the active protein-digesting enzyme pepsin.
Hydrochloric acid can cause bad burns.
Hydrochloric acid can cause some red dyestuffs to turn bright blue.
Hydrochloric acid combines with pepsinogen to form the enzyme called pepsin.
Hydrochloric acid enters in the preparation of gelatins widely used in the food industry.
Hydrochloric acid gives off a strong odor.
Hydrochloric acid is a chemical used in some bleaching solutions.
Hydrochloric acid is a colorless liquid with a sharp and extremely irritating odor.
Hydrochloric acid is a corrosive colorless to slightly yellow gas with a strong odor.
Hydrochloric acid is a respiratory irritant.
Hydrochloric acid is a strong acid found in the stomach of humans.
Hydrochloric acid is a substance that merits a few initial words of warning, however.
Hydrochloric acid is a very corrosive reagent.
Hydrochloric acid is acid
Hydrochloric acid is acid.
Hydrochloric acid is added as the only purification agent.
Hydrochloric acid is added to dissolve the calcite.
Hydrochloric acid is also corrosive.
Hydrochloric acid is an important industrial chemical.
Hydrochloric acid is believed to have leaked into a stormwater drain and onto the marshland.
Hydrochloric acid is chemical compounds.
Hydrochloric acid is corrosive to hands and eyes.
Hydrochloric acid is corrosive to the eyes, skin, and mucous membranes .
Hydrochloric acid is corrosive to the eyes, skin, and mucous membranes.
Hydrochloric acid is corrosive.
Hydrochloric acid is formed.
Hydrochloric acid is HCl dissolved in water.
Hydrochloric acid is known to have been disposed of at the site.
Hydrochloric acid is more reactive than acetic acid.
Hydrochloric acid is much safer to use in the laboratory.
Hydrochloric acid is needed to digest ham, cheese, meats, eggs and processed foods.
Hydrochloric acid is preferable for glazed pottery.
Hydrochloric acid is present in hot steam on the bench, potentially in high concentration.
Hydrochloric acid is pumped into the oil-bearing rock.
Hydrochloric acid is secreted in the stomach as part of the digestive process.
Hydrochloric acid is shipped in rubber-lined tank cars or tank trucks.
Hydrochloric acid is toxic and causes irritation to the throat, lungs, eyes, and nose.
Hydrochloric acid is toxic by ingestion and inhalation and a strong irritant to eyes and skin.
Hydrochloric acid is used as a cleansing agent in toilets.
Hydrochloric acid is used as a pH balancer.
Hydrochloric acid is used in the physico-chemical purification of waste waters.
Hydrochloric acid kills most of the bacteria that are swallowed in food.
Hydrochloric acid makes milder burns .
Hydrochloric acid makes milder burns.
Hydrochloric acid reacts faster with powdered magensium than with granular magnesium.
Hydrochloric acid reacts with bases to form chloride salts.
Hydrochloric acid works the best, but sodium chloride can be used too.
Hydrochloric fumes are an irritant and can cause tissue damage.
A hydrochlorofluorocarbon is a greenhouse emission
A hydrochlorofluorocarbon is a pollutant
A hydrochlorofluorocarbon is fluorocarbon
Hydrochlorofluorocarbons contain hydrogen in addition to carbon, chlorine, and fluorine.
A hydrochlorothiazide is a thiazide
Hydrochlorothiazide affects the distal renal tubular mechanism of electrolyte reabsorption.
Hydrochlorothiazide belongs to thiazide class of diuretics .
Hydrochlorothiazide does pass into breast milk.
Hydrochlorothiazide helps decrease extracellular fluid volume and stimulate fluid reabsorption.
Hydrochlorothiazide increases excretion of sodium and chloride in approximately equivalent amounts.
Hydrochlorothiazide is a benzothiadiazine diuretic.
Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic and antihypertensive agent.
Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic and antihypertensive.
Hydrochlorothiazide is a diuretic.
Hydrochlorothiazide is a thiazide diuretic.
Hydrochlorothiazide is slightly soluble in water.
Hydrochlorothiazides are diuretics.
Hydrochlorothiazides are drugs.
A hydrocolloid is a substance
Hydrocolloids also have the advantage of being strong and flexible.
Hydrocolloids are substances.
Hydrocolloids are useful in the prevention of pressure areas.
Hydrocolloids serve a variety of functions.
Many hydrocolloids are derived from natural sources.
Some hydrocolloids have a claim for moderately exuding wounds.
A hydrocortisone is a corticosteroid
Hydrocortisone acetate inhibits inflammation, edema, pruritus and other dermal reactions.
Hydrocortisone can interfere with certain lab tests and can cause false skin test results.
Hydrocortisone combined with heparin disrupts the basement membane and inhibits cellular invasion.
Hydrocortisone comes from the outer part of our adrenal glands, called the 'cortex'.
Hydrocortisone helps in reducing inflammation rapidly.
Hydrocortisone is a man-made form of an important chemical produced in the body.
Hydrocortisone is a steroid drug.
Hydrocortisone is a steroid.
Hydrocortisone is a topical steroid.
Hydrocortisone is also good to have to reduce swellings, itching and pain.
Hydrocortisone is an anti-inflammatory steroid cream.
Hydrocortisone is dialyzable.
Hydrocortisone is effective topically in a one percent concentration.
Hydrocortisone is in a class of drugs called steroids.
Hydrocortisone is pretty useless as well.
Hydrocortisone is probably the strongest anti-itching cream available.
Hydrocortisone is quite safe.
Hydrocortisone is similar to natural steroid hormone produced by the adrenal gland.
Hydrocortisone is used to reduce redness, irritation, swelling, and itching.
Hydrocortisone is used to treat a wide range of disorders such as asthma and arthritis.
Hydrocortisone is used to treat many different conditions.
Hydrocortisone passes into breast milk.
Hydrocortisone stimulates growth hormone production and inhibits prolactin production.
Hydrocortisones are corticosteroids.
Hydrocyanic acid inhibits cellular respiration and the animal's ability to use oxygen.
Hydrocyanic acid is a weaker acid than acetic acid.
Hydrocyanic acid is acid
Hydrocyanic acid is acid.
Hydrocyanic acid is both inflammable and explosive.
Hydrocyanic acid is cyanide.
Hydrocyanic acid is inorganic compounds.
Hydrocyanic acid is more soluble in water than acetic acid.
Hydrocyanic acid is pure substances.
Hydrocyanic acid is toxic substances.
Hydrocyanic acid penetrates into the skin, the mucous membranes, and the bodily fluids.
Hydrocyanic gas is highly poisonous and very dangerous.
Hydrodesulfurized products are blended or used as catalytic reforming feedstock.
Hydrodynamic action draws the working gas into the wedge where it is locally compressed.
Hydrodynamic dispersion includes hydraulic dispersion and molecular diffusion .
Hydrodynamic dispersion is insignificant and can be neglected.
Hydrodynamic force is approximately half the inertia force.
Hydrodynamic lift is created, lifting the boat partially out of the water.
Every hydrodynamic model can handle tide and wind forcing.
Hydrodynamic ram is the phenomenon that occurs when a fuel tank is ballistically impacted.
Hydrodynamic transmission eliminates conventional gearbox, differential, and braking system.
Hydrodynamic traps are a far less common type of trap.
Hydrodynamical models are suitable to describe carrier transport in submicron semiconductor devices.
Hydroelectric dams are dams.
Hydroelectric dams are expensive to build.
Hydroelectric dams are one of the major concern in the decline of salmon population.
Hydroelectric dams are one of the most widely deployed sources of sustainable energy.
Hydroelectric dams are power plants.
Hydroelectric dams can cause adverse environmental impact.
Hydroelectric dams generate electricity.
Hydroelectric dams reduce the number of fish species and isolate populations of dolphins.
Hydroelectric dams seem very complicated but are actually simple machines.
Hydroelectric dams use water turbines in the same way to generate power.
Hydroelectric energy is another alternative to fossil fuels.
Hydroelectric energy is generated by water flow.
Hydroelectric energy uses the energy from the sun, which is a renewable resource.
Some hydroelectric facilities convert energy.
Hydroelectric generation is also at the mercy of the weather and climate changes.
Hydroelectric generation is very dependent on climate.
Hydroelectric generation relies on water, which is a renewable resource.
Hydroelectric generation remains subject to concession.
Hydroelectric generation uses moving water to generate electricity without creating pollutants.
Hydroelectric generators are another option.
Hydroelectric generators are clean and non-polluting to operate.
Hydroelectric generators convert energy.
Hydroelectric generators convert mechanical energy.
Most hydroelectric generators convert energy.
Most hydroelectric generators convert mechanical energy.
Hydroelectric plants are the easiest to start from black-out conditions.
Hydroelectric plants are the most prevalent renewable resource in use.
Hydroelectric plants transform the kinetic energy of falling water into electrical energy.
Hydroelectric plants use energy.
Hydroelectric plants use moving water to spin generators.
Hydroelectric plants use the energy in flowing water to generate electricity.
Hydroelectric plants use water.
Hydroelectric plants utilize the enormous thrust and power of water to move turbines.
Most hydroelectric plants use energy.
Most hydroelectric plants use water.
Hydroelectric potential is considerable, but few dams have been built.
Hydroelectric power plants use water.
Hydroelectric power captures the energy in falling water.
Hydroelectric power comes from water driving a water turbine connected to a generator.
Hydroelectric power covers only two-thirds of our needs in the best water years.
Hydroelectric power displaces thousands and has many envirnomental costs.
Hydroelectric power has considerable potential.
Hydroelectric power is a clean energy source that provides water for California's faucets and farms.
Hydroelectric power is a dirty word in more enlightened development circles.
Hydroelectric power is a major source of electricity in both California and the United States.
Hydroelectric power is a means of conserving the energy .
Hydroelectric power is a means of conserving the energy.
Hydroelectric power is a most important resource, with some electricity being exported to India.
Hydroelectric power is a renewable, low-cost and clean fuel source.
Hydroelectric power is also very efficient and inexpensive.
Hydroelectric power is always somewhat controversial.
Hydroelectric power is an important domestic primary energy source.
Hydroelectric power is another source of renewable energy.
Hydroelectric power is electricity produced from water turning turbines.
Hydroelectric power is generated by flowing water .
Hydroelectric power is generated in small but increasing quantities.
Hydroelectric power is generated using the kinetic energy of water.
Hydroelectric power is more controversial.
Hydroelectric power is one of the cleanest, most efficient forms of generation available.
Hydroelectric power is produced as water passes through a dam, and into a river below.
Hydroelectric power is so attractive because it is cheap.
Hydroelectric power is the largest source of energy in the country.
Hydroelectric power is the leading renewable source.
Hydroelectric power is the main energy source.
Hydroelectric power is the most natural resource of Paraguay.
Hydroelectric power is the worlds leading source of renewable energy.
Hydroelectric power is very economical.
Hydroelectric power needs a dam, or some other means of harnessing the water's natural flow.
Hydroelectric power requires low maintenance.
Hydroelectric power takes a toll on salmon runs.
Hydroelectric power uses the force of moving water to produce electricity.
Hydroelectric power uses the kinetic energy of moving water to make electricity.
Hydroelectric power uses water to drive turbines that produce electricity.
Hydroelectric projects are big business.
Hydroelectric projects are underway without any studies of their environmental impact.
Hydroelectric reservoirs cover an area of the world the size of France.
Hydroelectric schemes can improve water supplies.
Hydroelectric supplies are clearly the most climate sensitive.
Hydroelectric turbines have a start-up time on the order of a few minutes.
Hydroelectric work is the main attraction, although the firm also is building gas-fired plants.
A hydroelectricity is electricity
Hydroelectricities are electricity.
Hydroelectricity also powers most railroads in the region.
Hydroelectricity is a valuable source of power.
Hydroelectricity is as renewable and abundant as our water.
Hydroelectricity is cheap to produce - once the dams are built.
Hydroelectricity is electricity obtained from hydropower .
Hydroelectricity is one of the lowest cost forms of energy for the American electricity consumer.
Hydroelectricity is safe, clean, reliable and inexpensive.
Hydroelectricity is very powerful , safe and produces no waste .
Hydroelectricity is very powerful, safe and produces no waste.
Hydroelectricity requires water to fall on a turbine and make it rotate.
Hydroflouric acid can cause extreme damage to the exygen sensor, catalyst and exhaust system.
Hydroflouric acid is highly corrosive and can eat away at lung tissue.
Hydrofluoric acid can cause serious, painful burns when it contacts skin.
Hydrofluoric acid can cause severe burns and inhalation of anhydrous hydrogen fluoride can be fatal.
Hydrofluoric acid can cause severe eye burns, with destruction or opacification of the cornea.
Hydrofluoric acid causes extremely severe chemical burns and is capable of dissolving bone.
Hydrofluoric acid damages the cell contents more or less.
Hydrofluoric acid etches the glass of light bulbs, etc.
Hydrofluoric acid has the ability to dissolve glass and is used to etch designs on glass objects.
Hydrofluoric acid is a clear, colorless liquid, miscible with water, with an acrid, irritating odor.
Hydrofluoric acid is a corrosive colorless fuming liquid or gas with a strong irritating odor.
Hydrofluoric acid is a highly corrosive chemical that can burn the skin and eyes on contact.
Hydrofluoric acid is acid
Hydrofluoric acid is acid.
Hydrofluoric acid is also the strongest of the hydrohalic acids in acetic acid and similar solvents.
Hydrofluoric acid is an important industrial chemical.
Hydrofluoric acid is chemical compounds.
Hydrofluoric acid is extremely corrosive to all tissues of the body.
Hydrofluoric acid is extremely dangerous and a small splash on the skin can be fatal.
Hydrofluoric acid is extremely potent and dangerous.
Hydrofluoric acid is hazardous and corrosive and, if accidently released, can form a vapor cloud.
Hydrofluoric acid is more effective at reacting with glass, though.
Hydrofluoric acid is more hazardous than other acids due to how seriously it can burn.
Hydrofluoric acid is product of hydrolysis.
Hydrofluoric acid is used to etch glass.
Hydrofluoric acid is used to etch light bulbs and other glass.
Hydrofluoric acid is used to etch silicon dioxide and, when combined with other acids, silicon.
Hydrofluoric acid meets the requirements of a hazardous waste.
Hydrofluoric acid reacts well with silicates and is used in etching glass.
Hydrofluoric acid reacts with glass, ceramics and some metals.
A hydrofluorocarbon is a greenhouse emission
A hydrofluorocarbon is fluorocarbon
Hydrofluorocarbons are ozone-friendly because fluorine forms stable compounds in the stratosphere.
Hydrofluorocarbons are used as refrigerants, aerosol propellants, solvents, and fire retardants.
A hydrofoil is a device
Hydrofoils are a faster, more expensive, less fulfilling way to reach the major islands.
Hydrofoils are devices.
Hydrofoils are great, but so are open-air sea trips.
Hydrofoils are here.
Hydrofoils are interesting sea-going vessels which work on the same principle as airplanes.
Hydrofoils are speedboats.
Hydrofoils perform the same way as airfoils - except in water .
Hydrofoils usually stay in port during winter.
Hydroformed rails require an assortment of holes, slots, and other openings.
A hydrogel is a colloid
Hydrogels are gels.
Hydrogels are usually clear or translucent in color and vary in viscosity or thickness.
Hydrogels find high volume use as industrial, consumer, and environmental absorbents.
Hydrogels fit the bill.
Hydrogels protect and insulate the wound while providing a mosit healing environment.
Hydrogels swell extensively without changing their gelatinous structure.
A hydrogen atom is an atom
Hydrogen atoms carry charge.
Hydrogen atoms carry electrical charge.
Hydrogen atoms carry positive charge.
Hydrogen atoms carry positive electrical charge.
Hydrogen atoms combine with atoms.
Hydrogen atoms combine with oxygen atoms.
Hydrogen atoms emit radiation.
Hydrogen atoms form bonds.
Hydrogen atoms form covalent bonds.
Hydrogen atoms have charge.
Hydrogen atoms have positive charge.
Hydrogen atoms react with hydrogen.
Every hydrogen atom contains only one proton.
Most hydrogen atoms carry charge.
Most hydrogen atoms carry electrical charge.
Most hydrogen atoms carry positive charge.
Most hydrogen atoms carry positive electrical charge.
Most hydrogen atoms combine with atoms.
Most hydrogen atoms combine with oxygen atoms.
Most hydrogen atoms have positive charge.
Most hydrogen atoms react with hydrogen.
Some hydrogen atoms have atoms.
Some hydrogen balloons carry light.
Some hydrogen bombs use fission reaction.
Some hydrogen bombs use reaction.
A hydrogen bond is a bond
Hydrogen bonds are chemical bonds.
Hydrogen bonds can also form between membrane proteins and lipids.
Hydrogen bonds can form between water molecules and amino or hydroxyl groups on other molecules.
Hydrogen bonds form a continuum.
Hydrogen bonds form between areas of unlike charge in polarized bonds.
Hydrogen bonds form between bases to make the component strands of DNA into a double helix.
Hydrogen bonds form between the backbone oxygens and nitrogens .
Hydrogen bonds form between water molecules.
Hydrogen bonds form 'bridges' that stabilize large molecules.
Hydrogen bonds form which stabilize the structure.
Hydrogen bonds form with permament dipoles.
Hydrogen bonds have properties.
Hydrogen bonds make water molecules stick together, a process known as cohesion.
All hydrogen bonds face in the same direction .
All hydrogen bonds face in the same direction.
More hydrogen bonds means more robust pairing, and thus more robust information storage.
Most hydrogen bonds have properties.
Some hydrogen bonds affect properties.
Some hydrogen bonds require energy.
Hydrogen bonding are chemical bonding.
Hydrogen chloride is acid
Most hydrogen chloride released into the air by natural sources comes from volcanoes.
Hydrogen clouds are common in and around the galaxy.
Hydrogen cyanide is a compound
Hydrogen cyanide is chemical compounds.
Hydrogen cyanide is compounds.
Hydrogen cyanide is highly toxic because it inhibits the oxidative processes of the cells.
Hydrogen cyanide is miscible with water and alcohol, and slightly soluble in ether.
Hydrogen cyanide is what is used in gas chambers.
Hydrogen fluoride is fluoride
Most hydrogen fluoride released into the air by natural sources comes from volcanoes.
Hydrogen fuels release no carbon dioxide and can be used in fuel cells to produce electricity .
Hydrogen fusion occurs on surfaces.
Most hydrogen fusion occurs on surfaces.
Hydrogen gases have components.
Hydrogen gases have density.
Most hydrogen gases have components.
Most hydrogen gases have density.
Some hydrogen gases fill boxes.
Most hydrogen ions originate as byproducts or end products of metabolism.
Hydrogen lines are abundant.
Hydrogen lines are less prominent.
Hydrogen molecules are so tightly packed that they break up and become electrically conductive.
Hydrogen nuclei are protons.
Hydrogen peroxide dissolves in water.
Hydrogen telluride is a toxic reactive gas.
Hydrogen catches fire easily.
Hydrogen combines with nitrogen.
Hydrogen disperses quickly.
Hydrogen disperses rapidly in normal open environments.
Hydrogen has (part) atoms.
Hydrogen has mass.
Hydrogen has values.
Hydrogen is a gas
Hydrogen is an element
Hydrogen is chemical elements.
Hydrogen is elements.
Hydrogen is fuel.
Hydrogen is gases.
Hydrogen is located in air.
Hydrogen is located in chemistry labs.
Hydrogen is located in oceans.
Hydrogen is located in space.
Hydrogen is located in universes.
Hydrogen is located near stars.
Hydrogen is made of subatomic particles.
Hydrogen is part of water.
Hydrogen isa element.
Hydrogen isa fluid.
Hydrogen perxoide is stable at room temperature.
Hydrogens are off.
Hydrogens are omitted in the third example for clarity .
Hydrogens are omitted in the third example for clarity.
Hydrogens can appear in the structure.
All hydrogen containing molecules show hydrogen bonding.
All hydrogens bonded to I.C.s are fragments.
More hydrogen is consumed in fusion reactions and converted to helium.
Most hydrogen has mass.
Most hydrogen has values.
Most hydrogen is in molecular form in hot stars.
Most hydrogen is used in the production of ammonia and in metal refining.
Some hydrogen combines with metal.
Some hydrogen combines with oxygen.
Some hydrogen has charge.
Some hydrogen has conductivity.
Some hydrogen has negative charge.
Some hydrogen has partial charge.
Some hydrogen has partial positive charge.
Some hydrogen has positive charge.
Some hydrogen has sorts.
Some hydrogen has thermal conductivity.
Some hydrogen is added.
Some hydrogen produces electricity.
Some hydrogen still exists around the helium core, in a spherical shell.
Hydrogenated fats appear in many processed foods from margarine to crackers to canned soups.
Hydrogenated fats are high in trans-fatty acids .
Hydrogenated fats are liquid oils that have been changed and made more like saturated fat.
Hydrogenated fats are nothing new.
Hydrogenated fats are really unsaturated fats with hydrogen, which increases firmness.
Hydrogenated fats are the worst.
Hydrogenated oil is also a fat to avoid.
Hydrogenated oils act like animal-fats in the body and can contribute to the clogging of arteries.
Hydrogenated oils are a major source of trans-fat.
Hydrogenated oils are also high in saturated fat.
Hydrogenated oils are also in convenience foods.
Hydrogenated oils are cheaper than butter or coconut oil, the two most likely replacements.
Hydrogenated oils are liquid oils that have been chemically altered to be solid at room temperature.
Hydrogenated oils have large amounts of trans fatty acids.
Hydrogenated oils is a term often found in food labels.
Most hydrogenated oils are solid at room temperature.
Hydrogenation also increases the time it takes before oils become rancid, so they stay fresh longer.
Hydrogenation changes liquid oils into a more solid form of fat.
Hydrogenation contributes important textural properties to food.
Hydrogenation hardens a liquid vegetable oil so it looks, feels, and acts like butter.
Hydrogenation impairs the hypolipidemic effect of corn oil in humans.
Hydrogenation increases firmness and resistance to rancidity.
Hydrogenation increases product shelf life and decreases refrigeration requirements.
Hydrogenation increases the firmness and melting point of oils.
Hydrogenation increases the melting point and oxidative stability of fat.
Hydrogenation increases the saturation and therefore makes it more harmful to the body.
Hydrogenation increases the shelf life and flavor stability of oils and foods.
Hydrogenation is a chemical action
Hydrogenation is a process that changes the melting behavior of liquid oils and improves stability.
Hydrogenation is a process that makes an oil more solid at room temperature.
Hydrogenation is a process used to harden vegetable oils to produce spreads like margarine.
Hydrogenation is a way of making vegetable oil harden at room temperature.
Hydrogenation is chemical process, which creates the widely used hydrogenated oils.
Hydrogenation is chemical processes.
Hydrogenation is run to only partial completion.
Hydrogenation is the process of adding hydrogen to a liquid oil to produce a semi-solid oil.
Hydrogenation is the process that keeps liquid oil solid at room temperature.
Hydrogenation is used in making crude oil from coal.
Hydrogenation is used in the manufacture of organic chemical products.
Hydrogenation lessens the amount of unsaturation and also hardens the oils.
Hydrogenation makes unsaturated fats more saturated.
Hydrogenation occurs when vegetable oil is changed from a liquid to a solid.
Hydrogenation physically alters any EFAs in the oil, which creates artificial fatty acids.
Hydrogenation produces the bulk of dietary trans fats now recognized as unhealthy for the heart.
Hydrogenation solidifies the oil by pushing bubbles of hydrogen through it.
Hydrogenous sediments form slowly by chemical reactions on the ocean floor.
Hydrogeologic mapping is used with additional parameters listed above.
Hydrogeologic mapping is used with the additional parameters listed above.
Hydrogeologic sections show the relation of the aquifer to the geology of the area.
A hydroid is a cnidarian
Hydroids are actually colonies of polyps growing on a common stalk.
Hydroids are plant-like animals.
Hydroids form distinctive colonies during the spring in harbors, on floats and in rocky areas.
Most hydroids are found growing on or among seaweeds.
Hydrokinetic energy is produced by combining a spray of atomized water with laser energy.
Hydrolic conversion is ok.
Hydrolizable tannins are toxic to ruminants.
Hydrolized collagen is a protein.
Hydrologic analysis requires data collected over a long period.
Hydrologic conditions affect the quality of streams and ground water in the Potomac River Basin.
Hydrologic cycle explains the evaporation paradox.
Hydrologic data is collected to aid in the forecasting of river levels.
Hydrologic engineers specialize in the science of water properties, distribution, and circulation.
Hydrologic forecasting provides local inflows for short and long term operations.
Hydrologic information is available.
Hydrologic information is required prior to any sediment removal decisions.
Hydrologic maps are another USGS publication.
Hydrologic models indicate that continuous recharge is likely to be required for multi-year periods.
Hydrologic modification impacts one surveyed wetland.
Hydrologic modifications alter the flow of water.
Hydrologic optics is concerned with the behavi- our of light in aquatic media.
Hydrologic responsibility is for three river basins.
Hydrologic restoration allows for the natural flow of water through a wetland or along a waterway.
Hydrologic studies support federal policies related to sustainable development and ecosystem health.
Hydrologic technicians perform a challenging variety of services in support of hydrologists.
Some hydrologic texts define lag from the center of mass of rainfall to the hydrograph peak.
Hydrologic units are defined to allow multiple inlets, outlets, or sinks.
Hydrological characteristics are another factor.
Hydrological connections depict both active and intermittent stream courses.
Hydrological cycle is movement of water among land, ocean, atmosphere.
Hydrological drought refers to a lack in water supplies, often evaluated at the watershed scale.
Hydrological drought refers to deficiences in surface and subsurface water supplies.
Hydrological drought refers to deficiencies in surface and subsurface water supplies.
Hydrological factors can strongly influence the nature of volcanic hazards.
Hydrological models are simplified, conceptual representations of a part of the hydrologic cycle.
Hydrological research can inform environmental engineering , policy and planning .
Hydrological research can inform environmental engineering, policy and planning .
Hydrological sciences journal Indian journal of chemistry.
A hydrologist is a geologist
Hydrologist use the data to study wetlands and snow cover to estimate the soil moisture.
Hydrologists also estimate the visual clues from the landscape and plants.
Hydrologists also handle focal point duties.
Hydrologists also serve to manage our lakes, rivers, and reservoirs.
Hydrologists are concerned with the fluid earth.
Hydrologists are geologists.
Hydrologists are interested in obtaining measurable information and knowledge about the water cycle.
Hydrologists are scientists who study water.
Hydrologists are the geoscientists who specialize in water, both on the surface and underground.
Hydrologists can locate and look at wells and aquifers - the applications are endless.
Hydrologists can measure municipal and industrial consumption.
Hydrologists investigate the movement and quality of surface water.
Hydrologists measure discharge in units of volume per time, usually in cubic feet per second.
Hydrologists study the water table levels and river levels.
Hydrologists typically enter the occupation with a master's degree.
Hydrologists use acre-feet to determine how much water can be stored in a resevoir or wetland.
Hydrologists use their expertise to solve problems concerning water quality and availability.
Hydrologists frequently develop and use mathematical models to mimic the physical processes.
Hydrologists often are consulted for selection of proper sites for new waste disposal facilities.
Hydrologists often work as a team with other scientists.
Hydrologists often work in meteorology, studying and forecasting floods and river flows.
Some hydrologist work as researchers in universities.
A hydrology is a geology
Hydrology controlling nutrients affects primary productivity.
Hydrology describes water transport processes in the environment of man.
Hydrology embraces a wide range of interests including scientific and engineering applications.
Hydrology embraces physical science, engineering, economics, political sciences and agriculture.
Hydrology has to do with surface and subsurface water supplies.
Hydrology involves the relationship between storms and runoff.
Hydrology is a branch of science, concerned with water management.
Hydrology is a data intensive class.
Hydrology is a discipline closely related to geology and geophysics.
Hydrology is a major part of the course because knowing the water is our job.
Hydrology is a multidisciplinary approach to the study of water resources.
Hydrology is a study of the waters of the earth, their distribution, characteristics and effects.
Hydrology is an area closely related to geology and geophysics.
Hydrology is an undergraduate course in physical hydrological science.
Hydrology is another factor that is critical to forest growth.
Hydrology is generally temporarily to seasonally flooded.
Hydrology is temporarily to seasonally flooded.
Hydrology is the collection, occurrence, and distribution of water.
Hydrology is the science dealing with the properties, distribution, and circulation of water.
Hydrology is the study of the behavior of water in nature.
Hydrology is the study of the movement of water throughout the physical environment.
Hydrology is the study of the movement, distribution, and quality of water throughout the Earth.
Hydrology is the study of the water cycle.
Hydrology is the study of water in the geological environment.
Hydrology is the study of water resources and their relationship with the environment.
Hydrology is usually the least exact of the three parameters.
Hydrology Links Back to Home .
Hydrology offers a variety of interesting and challenging career choices for today and tomorrow.
Hydrology offers a variety of interesting and challenging carrer choices for today and tomorrow.
Hydrology refers to the presence or flow of water through the site.
Hydrolysis decreases the degree of polymerization of polysaccharides.
Hydrolysis is reaction
Hydrolytic enzymes can destroy most organic molecules.
Hydrolytic enzymes catalyze the digestion of each class of macromolecule by adding water.
Hydrolytic rancidity is caused by a breakdown of the fat into glycerol and fatty acids.
Hydrolytic reactions are exergonic reactions.
Hydrolytic site destroys activated intermediates that are smaller than the right amino acid.
Hydromagnetic waves are also evident upstream of the shock.
A hydromancy is a fortune telling
Hydromancy is divination by water, or more specifically, the motion of water.
Hydromancy is divination by water.
Hydromet satellite receive site equipment and minicomputer systems.
Hydrometallurgical processes used in uranium recovery have various environmental impacts.
Hydrometer analysis is performed if the grain sizes are too small for sieve analysis .
A hydrometer is an instrument
Hydrometers are a fairly simple and inexpensive means of obtaining salinity.
Hydrometers are metal probes that measure the pile's moisture level.
Hydrometers look like big thermometers with weighted bottoms.
Hydrometers only work for the ethylene glycol based antifreeze coolant.
A hydromorphone is medicine
Hydromorphone depresses respiration minimally.
Hydromulch seed includes a mixture of different grass seeds.
A hydronephrosis is pathology
Hydronephrosis is relatively common in cases of duplication.
Hydronephrosis is the most common abnormality detected on prenatal ultrasonography.
Hydronephrosis ranges from mild, moderate to severe.
Hydronephrosis refers to extra urinary fluid in the kidney.
Hydronephrosises are diseases.
Hydronephrosises are pathology.
Hydronephrosises are renal diseases.
Hydronic heating has three advantages over other types of heating systems.
Hydronic pipework is embedded in the concrete tiers and the stage.
Hydronic systems are clearly the system of choice.
Hydronic systems are quiet, easy to zone, and often allow unrestricted furniture placement.
Hydrops fetalis due to a large chorioangioma is a rare complication.
Hydrops fetalis has a high mortality rate.
Hydrops fetalis often results in death of the infant shortly before or after delivery.
Hydrops fetalis results from four Alpha-chain gene deletions .
Hydrops fetalis The most serious form of erythroblastosis fetalis in liveborn infants.
Hydrops fetalis with chorioangioma of the placenta.
Hydrophilic compounds dissolve easily in water, and are usually polar.
Hydrophilic domains are positive and hydrophobic domains are negative.
Hydrophilic emulsifiers are basically detergents that contain solvents and surfactants.
Hydrophilic emulsifiers have less tolerance for penetrant contamination.
Hydrophilic molecules are attracted to water.
Hydrophilic plants are specially suited to survive in soils that are always wet.
More hydrophilic regions have higher antigenicity and thus make better epitopes for antibodies.
Hydrophilic substances dissolve readily and easily in water.
Hydrophilic substances have an affinity for water.
Hydrophilic substances have an easier time passing through membranes than do hydrophobic substances.
Hydrophilic substances have an easier time passing through membranes than hydrophobic substances do.
Hydrophilic substances mix with water.
Most hydrophilic substances mix with water.
A hydrophobia is a zoonotic disease
Hydrophobia is another name for rabies.
Hydrophobia is due to painful pharyngeal spasms when attempting to drink fluids.
Hydrophobic hydration describes the hydration of a noble gas atom.
Hydrophobic interactions allow for interactions like oil and water.
Hydrophobic interactions are another source of stability for the alpha-helical shape.
Hydrophobic interactions are the major driving force for the formation of lipid bilayers.
Hydrophobic interactions attract water molecules.
Hydrophobic interactions control zymogen activation in the trypsin family of serine proteases.
Hydrophobic interactions hold together the plasma membrane.
Hydrophobic interactions occur between the anion and cation of a salt.
Some hydrophobic layers are a few inches thick.
Hydrophobic moment is the vector sum of the individual hydrophobicities .
Hydrophobic soils can result from high intensity burns.
Hydrophobicity analysis predicts the gene product to be a membrane protein.
A hydrophobicity is a property
Hydrophobicities are properties.
Hydrophobicity characterizes interaction of residues with aqueous solution.
Hydrophobicity interferes with and reduces the soils infiltration characteristics.
Hydrophobicity is the major driving force for protein folding.
Hydrophobicity is the strongest of the 'weak interactions' that hold molecular components in place.
Hydrophobicity reduces the amount of water infiltration resulting in increased runoff.
All hydrophysical parameters relates to water flow.
A hydrophyte is a tracheophyte
Hydrophytes are aquatic plants that are especially suited for living in aquatic environments.
Hydrophytes are plants that have adapted to wetland areas.
Hydrophytes are the plants which spend all their life phases in water.
Hydrophytes grow in habitats where water is in excessive supply.
Hydrophytes take their nutrients directly from the water.
A hydrophytic plant is a tracheophyte
Hydrophytic plants occur in every state and are an important component of wetlands.
Hydrophytic vegetation includes plants that are tolerant of wet soil conditions.
Hydropic babies are bloated, swollen, and pale.
Many hydropic babies are stillborn.
Hydropic change refers to the accumulation of water in the cell.
A hydroplane is a plane
Hydroplanes are all-time cool.
Hydroplanes have two or more wetted surface areas.
Hydroplanes ride on two side sponsons and the very aft center portion of the hull.
Hydroponic culture can produce large amounts of root and shoot biomass.
Hydroponic garden is a great way to produce food in space.
Hydroponic gardens are clean, pesticide free, easy to maintain and inexpensive to set up.
Hydroponic gardens are one of the oldest forms of gardens, dating back to the Aztec era.
Hydroponic gardens used in space have the potential for feeding astronauts for many days.
Hydroponic gardening has three distinct advantages in low income urban areas.
Hydroponic gardening is a great way to grow plants indoors all year, and there's no weeding.
Hydroponic gardening is easy and fun once the concept and principles are understood.
Hydroponic gardening is more exacting than soil gardening.
Hydroponic gardening is probably a better, faster way to grow plants than growing plants in soil.
Hydroponic gardening is the process in growing plants without using soil.
Hydroponic gardening is the wave of the future.
Hydroponic gardening requires no soil and very little space.
Hydroponic growers have more control.
Some hydroponic growers use it exclusively.
Hydroponic herbs are popular because of their fine quality and stronger flavor and oils.
Some hydroponic kits are also great for displaying house plants and tropicals.
Hydroponic lettuce keeps longer with the roots attached.
Hydroponic plants grow very tall.
Hydroponic plants use inorganic nutrients and can clean polluted waters.
All hydroponic plants have to use a growing media in place of soil.
Hydroponic systems are available in a variety of sizes and prices.
Hydroponic systems reduce space requirements and growing time needed to produce a crop.
Most hydroponic systems have some type of circulating system.
Some hydroponic systems are very expensive.
Hydroponic techniques vary.
Hydroponic units remain weed free and largely free of most common pests and diseases.
Hydroponics systems grow plants in nutrient-enriched water instead of soil.
ALL hydroponics systems require a proper PH and nutrient concentration in order to work properly.
Hydroscopic aerosols lower the vapor pressure surrounding the droplet.
Hydroscopic nuclei are particles of any nature on which condensation of atmospheric moisture occurs.
Hydroseal coating is super-waterproof and very durable .
Hydroseeding grasses can provide some protection from surface erosion on gradual slopes.
Hydrosphere activities deal with the currents and patterns of the Earth's oceans and waterways.
Hydrosphere isa region.
Hydrospheres are part of worlds.
Hydrospheres have (part) bays.
Hydrospheres have (part) gulfs.
Hydrospheres have (part) oceans.
Hydrospheres have (part) sea.
Most hydrospheres are part of worlds.
Hydrostatic balance is that between vertical pressure gradient and gravity.
Hydrostatic designs are another version of non-contacting vapor seals.
Hydrostatic drive provides outstanding control and performance.
Hydrostatic equilibrium is the balance of pressure and nuclear forces.
Hydrostatic pressure can cause or induce retaining wall failure, or at least damage.
Hydrostatic pressure decreases swelling.
Hydrostatic pressure forces the water through gaps or cracks in walls and footings.
Hydrostatic pressure increases as water gets deeper.
Hydrostatic pressure increases the amount of gas that can remain in solution.
Hydrostatic pressure influences physiology.
Hydrostatic pressure is a function of gravity.
Hydrostatic pressure is regulated by constriction or dilation of afferent or efferent arterioles.
Hydrostatic pressure is the force exerted against a surface by a volume of water.
Hydrostatic pressure is the pressure of the liquid related to the height of a liquid-filled column.
Hydrostatic pressure is the pressure of water in the fluid against the blood vessel walls.
Hydrostatic pressure is the pressures exerted by a column of water surrounding an organism.
Hydrostatic pressure offers a form of massage that is soothing as well as healing.
Hydrostatic pressure stimulates synthesis of elastin in cultured optic nerve astrocytes.
Some hydrostatic pressure decreases capillary filtration.
Some hydrostatic pressure decreases capillary fluid filtration.
Some hydrostatic pressure decreases filtration.
Some hydrostatic pressure decreases fluid filtration.
Some hydrostatic pressure provides forces.
Hydrostatic skeletons consist of fluid-filled closed chambers.
Hydrostatic testing is required every five years.
Hydrostatic testing is the most common procedure for demonstrating pipeline integrity.
Hydrostatic testing is, in fact, common in the industry.
Hydrostatic traction drive withstands the rigors of frequent starts and stops.
Hydrostatic transmission is foot controlled and easy to operate.
Hydrostatic transmission is the use of pumps and motors in the propulsion of moving equipment.
Hydrostatic units can start moving on their own.
Hydrotermal alteration is widespread and two events are suggested.
Hydrotheraputic massage relieves stiifness and joint aches.
A hydrotherapy is a treatment
Hydrotherapy increases relaxation by supporting tense muscles.
Some hydrothermal activity remains along the lake floor .
Some hydrothermal activity remains along the lake floor.
Hydrothermal alteration forms three mappable units.
Hydrothermal alteration occurs along fractures and faults.
Hydrothermal breccias abound.
Hydrothermal circulation has an impact on the temperature and chemical balance of the oceans.
Hydrothermal energy supplies a substantial proportion of the Big Island's electricity.
Hydrothermal fluids enhance the metamorphic process.
Hydrothermal petroleum occurs in the shallow section of several holes.
Hydrothermal process has a geologic origin.
Hydrothermal quartz veins fill fractures in sandstone talus.
Hydrothermal quartz veins in cavities and joints are common.
Hydrothermal solutions are of diverse sources, including magmatic , meteoric , and connate waters .
Hydrothermal synthesis provides a low temperature pathway to interesting solid state compounds.
Hydrothermal systems present important opportunities and also a rich variety of dynamics for study.
Hydrothermal vent waterjets range from clear to coal-black.
Hydrothermal vents are caused by magma deep in the earth.
Hydrothermal vents are cracks in the Earth's crust which spew out hot, mineral-rich water.
Hydrothermal vents are fissures in the ocean floor that leak hot, acidic water.
Hydrothermal vents are home to teeming communities of tube worms, crabs and fish.
Hydrothermal vents are often as big as three-story buildings.
Hydrothermal vents are one of the most spectacular features on the seafloor.
Hydrothermal vents are the direct contrast with constant temperature.
Hydrothermal vents are very ephemeral.
Hydrothermal vents are very important areas for the formation of mineral deposits.
Hydrothermal vents release mercury Earth .
Hydrothermal vents remain active for a limited amount of time, perhaps ten to fifty years.
Hydrothermal vents See pictures of deep sea hydrothermal vents.
Hydrothermal vents spew up huge quantities of fine-grained particles into the water column.
Some hydrothermal vents form roughly cylindrical chimney structures.
Hydrous borates are relatively soft, white, colorless, or transparent minerals.
Hydrovolcanic eruptions vary considerably.
Hydroxide base is still present, it steals the last H plus.
Many hydroxide compounds are amphoteric.
A hydroxide ion is an anion
Hydroxide ion has a charge of minus one and it has one potassium.
Hydroxide ion is normally a poor leaving group.
Hydroxide ion is the caustic component of lye, and hydronium ion makes acid solutions corrosive.
Hydroxide ions are anions.
Most hydroxide salts are only slightly soluble.
Hydroxide solution is extremely caustic and corrosive.
Hydroxide has charge.
Hydroxide is a compound
Hydroxide isa compound.
Hydroxides are usually insoluble.
Some hydroxide has bonds.
Some hydroxide has ionic bonds.
Hydroxy apatite consists of calcium phosphate, thus containing positive and negative charges.
Hydroxy peroxide is perfect for cleaning and disinfecting soft contact lenses.
Hydroxyapatite calcium comes from bone meal and is highly assimilable.
A hydroxychloroquine is medicine
Hydroxychloroquine is effective therapy for control of cutaneous sarcoidal granulomas.
Hydroxychloroquine is less toxic and lower doses are safer.
Hydroxychloroquines are drugs.
Hydroxycitric acid is extracted from the pericarp of Garcinia cambogia .
Hydroxycitric acid slows the deposition of fat from carbohydrates.
A hydroxyl group is a radical
Hydroxyl groups are important because they form attachment sites for fatty acid chains.
Hydroxyl production depends on the photolysis of ozone by solar ultraviolet radiation.
A hydroxyl radical is a radical
Hydroxyl radical is the principle chemical for destroying methane.
Hydroxyl radicals are chemical compounds.
Hydroxyl radicals are extremely reactive and can cause severe damage to cells and tissues.
Hydroxyl radicals are one of the most important oxidizing agents present in natural waters.
Hydroxyl emits some of the brightest radiation of all the molecules.
Hydroxyl is a radical
Hydroxyl is groups.
Hydroxyl is nature's cleaner, removing many other harmful gases.
Hydroxyl plays a key role in the natural destruction of ozone.
Hydroxyls are both softer and weaker than the glass.
A hydroxyzine is tranquilizer
Hydroxyzine appears to be an effective alternative treatment to benzodiazepine prescription.
Hydroxyzine can be effective.
Hydroxyzine can decrease itching, but also can cause significant drowsiness.
Hydroxyzine inhibits neurogenic bladder mast cell activation.
Hydroxyzine is a member of the piperazine class of antihistamines.
Hydroxyzine is an antihistamine that suppressed activity in subcortical regions of the brain.
Hydroxyzine is especially effective for the treatment of cholinergic urticaria.
Hydroxyzine is one of the most effective but often causes drowsiness.
Hydroxyzine is prescription only.
Hydroxyzines are drugs.
A hydrozoan is a cnidarian
Hydrozoans also tend to be smaller than other species of jellies.
All hydrozoans alternate between a polyp, and a medusa phase of living.
Most hydrozoans are colonial.
A hyena is a canid
Hyena isa mammal.
Hyenas adapt their specific hunting strategy to the environment in which they live.
Hyenas adapt to environments.
Hyenas also communicate by body posture and by scent marking.
Hyenas also feed on zebras and gazelles.
Hyenas also use their calls and scent marks to claim their territory.
Hyenas are actually more related to cats.
Hyenas are Africa's second largest predator capable of killing prey three times their own weight.
Hyenas are also fairly elusive.
Hyenas are also important to the study of the evolution of carnivores.
Hyenas are apex predators that sit at the top of the food chain.
Hyenas are associated with various negative connotations in many cultures.
Hyenas are born with teeth, which means that sometimes when the cubs fight they can kill each other.
Hyenas are canines.
Hyenas are carnivores.
Hyenas are dog like creatures having front legs longer than their hind legs.
Hyenas are frightened and elephants follow the wind.
Hyenas are known as hyenas.
Hyenas are known for their stamina and can cover long distances.
Hyenas are mammals.
Hyenas are modern-day scavengers.
Hyenas are more closely related to the mongoose and cat than the dog.
Hyenas are neither cats nor dogs, but in a family all their own.
Hyenas are primarily scavengers and they are very opportunistic in finding food.
Hyenas are primarily scavengers on the already dead.
Hyenas are scavengers, but what people don t know is that they re also great hunters.
Hyenas are scavengers.
Hyenas are skillful hunters with muscular bodies and sharp teeth.
Hyenas are stuck with their lot in life, unable to move up the hierarchy.
Hyenas are very social and live in groups called clans.
Hyenas attack animals.
Hyenas become hunters.
Hyenas bite necks.
Hyenas can digest almost anything, including the teeth, bone, and horns of their prey.
Hyenas can digest even the toughest parts of an animal, leaving behind few scraps for scavengers.
Hyenas can eat one-third their body weight at one meal.
Hyenas can go for several days without water.
Hyenas can go without water for several days.
Hyenas can survive without water for several days.
Hyenas cause more panic among the birds than actual mortalities.
Hyenas come into contact.
Hyenas come into frequent contact.
Hyenas communicate with each other using calls and body positions.
Hyenas consume animals.
Hyenas consume hartebeests.
Hyenas develop necks.
Hyenas eat elands.
Hyenas eat food.
Hyenas eat foxes.
Hyenas eat gazelles.
Hyenas eat lions.
Hyenas eat meat.
Hyenas eat very fast as the fastest hyena gets the most food.
Hyenas establish territory.
Hyenas go through elaborate greeting ceremonies involving a lengthy genital inspection.
Hyenas grab large prey.
Hyenas grab prey.
Hyenas has-part jaws.
Hyenas has-part organs.
Hyenas have (part) brains.
Hyenas have (part) breasts.
Hyenas have (part) cell membranes.
Hyenas have (part) cells.
Hyenas have (part) chest cavities.
Hyenas have (part) chests.
Hyenas have (part) corpi.
Hyenas have (part) cytoplasm.
Hyenas have (part) ears.
Hyenas have (part) faces.
Hyenas have (part) heads.
Hyenas have (part) nuclei.
Hyenas have (part) pads.
Hyenas have (part) paws.
Hyenas have (part) piluses.
Hyenas have (part) plasma membranes.
Hyenas have (part) rib cages.
Hyenas have (part) sections.
Hyenas have (part) skulls.
Hyenas have (part) sterna.
Hyenas have (part) vacuoles.
Hyenas have a highly developed sense of smell, and their eyesight is poor.
Hyenas have a keen sense of smell.
Hyenas have a large head and strong jaws filled with huge teeth used to crush bone.
Hyenas have a range of vocal sounds, including one that sounds like laughter when they are excited.
Hyenas have a short, rough coat that is mottled, containing brown, tan and red colors.
Hyenas have a wide diet range and are both hunters and scavengers.
Hyenas have ability.
Hyenas have bones.
Hyenas have extremely powerful digestive system and consume wide range of animals and vegetation.
Hyenas have extremely strong jaws adapted to crush animal bone.
Hyenas have heads.
Hyenas have hearts.
Hyenas have jaws.
Hyenas have large scent glands on their rears.
Hyenas have locations.
Hyenas have nipples.
Hyenas have organs.
Hyenas have penises.
Hyenas have powerful jaws.
Hyenas have properties.
Hyenas have reproductive organs.
Hyenas have ribs.
Hyenas have roles.
Hyenas have skulls.
Hyenas have smell.
Hyenas have strong jaws.
Hyenas have toes.
Hyenas hide their food in holes.
Hyenas hunt calves.
Hyenas hunt prey.
Hyenas kill food.
Hyenas kill prey.
Hyenas live in brushes.
Hyenas live in communities.
Hyenas live in regions.
Hyenas live in societies.
Hyenas live in territorial social groups called clans.
Hyenas need water.
Hyenas occupy ranges.
Hyenas only expose their lower teeth in threat.
Hyenas possess organs.
Hyenas possess reproductive organs.
Hyenas prefer to live in open scrubland, arid, and savanna.
Hyenas produce noise.
Hyenas produce whoop noise.
Hyenas range from East Africa up to Southern Asia.
Hyenas reach maturity.
Hyenas reach sexual maturity.
Hyenas respond to scent.
Hyenas stay in their own territory.
Hyenas survive in habitats.
Hyenas survive on diets.
Hyenas survive on insectivorous diets.
Hyenas travel long distances and mix with other predators at kills.
Hyenas typically take unenclosed livestock at night.
Hyenas use watering holes as places to cool off or to hide extra food.
Hyenas want gazelles.
Hyenas often forage the shoreline looking for dead fish.
Hyenas often hunt in a group, isolating and chasing down a weak or old animal from a herd of prey.
Hyenas usually hunt at night.
Hyenas usually lose their kills and have to wait for lions to finish eating.
All hyenas are usually nocturnal.
Most hyenas adapt to environments.
Most hyenas are known as hyenas.
Most hyenas become hunters.
Most hyenas come into contact.
Most hyenas come into frequent contact.
Most hyenas develop necks.
Most hyenas eat elands.
Most hyenas eat food.
Most hyenas eat foxes.
Most hyenas eat gazelles.
Most hyenas eat lions.
Most hyenas eat meat.
Most hyenas establish territory.
Most hyenas grab large prey.
Most hyenas grab prey.
Most hyenas has-part jaws.
Most hyenas has-part organs.
Most hyenas have ability.
Most hyenas have bones.
Most hyenas have heads.
Most hyenas have hearts.
Most hyenas have jaws.
Most hyenas have locations.
Most hyenas have nipples.
Most hyenas have organs.
Most hyenas have penises.
Most hyenas have powerful jaws.
Most hyenas have properties.
Most hyenas have reproductive organs.
Most hyenas have ribs.
Most hyenas have roles.
Most hyenas have skulls.
Most hyenas have strong jaws.
Most hyenas have toes.
Most hyenas kill food.
Most hyenas kill prey.
Most hyenas live in Africa, though there are some in Asia.
Most hyenas live in brushes.
Most hyenas live in communities.
Most hyenas live in regions.
Most hyenas live in societies.
Most hyenas occupy ranges.
Most hyenas possess organs.
Most hyenas possess reproductive organs.
Most hyenas produce noise.
Most hyenas produce whoop noise.
Most hyenas reach maturity.
Most hyenas reach sexual maturity.
Most hyenas respond to scent.
Most hyenas survive in habitats.
Most hyenas survive on diets.
Most hyenas survive on insectivorous diets.
Some hyenas are inside groups.
Some hyenas become friends.
Some hyenas eat fruit.
Some hyenas eat lizards.
Some hyenas escape from zoos.
Some hyenas get food.
Some hyenas go after prey.
Some hyenas have benefits.
Some hyenas have societies.
Some hyenas kill bison.
Some hyenas kill dogs.
Some hyenas kill herbivores.
Some hyenas kill large herbivores.
Some hyenas kill mammal reptiles.
Some hyenas kill reptiles.
Some hyenas learn skills.
Some hyenas live in craters.
Some hyenas live in districts.
Some hyenas live in terrains.
Some hyenas look like dogs.
Some hyenas look like large dogs.
Some hyenas possess hair.
Some hyenas prey on calves.
Some hyenas prey on young calves.
Some hyenas stay with mothers.
Some hyenas steal food.
Some hyenas survive for long periods.
Some hyenas survive for periods.
Some hyenas wait for lionesses.
Some hyenas watch hyenas.
Hygiene courses aim to develop desirable health habits, attitudes, and knowledge.
Hygiene education increases effectiveness.
Hygiene education is a major component of their activities.
Hygiene education is an important part of the project, as is consultation with villagers.
Hygiene education is meaningless without clean water and adequate sanitation facilities.
Hygiene education plays a vital role in informing communities about safe hygiene.
Hygiene factors are factors that eliminated dissatisfaction.
Hygiene factors refer to pay and work conditions - including the package and the firm's culture.
Hygiene factors relate to our biological needs, such as providing food, clothing, and shelter.
Hygiene items are available for homeless and shelter residents.
Hygiene levels are very high.
Hygiene measures are key.
Hygiene measures reduce the rate of transmission.
Hygiene office provides doctor, medicine, and periodic physical checkup.
Hygiene promotion goes beyond hygiene education.
Hygiene requirements are normal bathing.
Hygiene standards are sometimes questionable.
Hygiene standards are very high.
Hygiene water is reclaimed for re-use as hygiene water.
Hygiene water is reprocessed for re-use only as hygiene water.
Hygiene helps life.
Hygiene includes baths.
Hygiene is medicine
Hygiene isa condition.
Most hygiene helps life.
Most hygiene includes baths.
Some hygiene causes problems.
Some hygiene is needed for ant control to be effective.
Hygienic arrangements are strained.
Hygienic bees are bees that uncap cells that contain dead brood and remove it.
Hygienic bees are useful for chalkbrood-free pollen production.
Hygienic bees uncap and eject dying brood from cells.
Hygienic cap keeps nipples clean between feedings.
Hygienic conditions are very bad as well.
Hygienic conditions meet the East-European requirements.
Hygienic efforts are minimal, yet care is taken to keep food items clean.
Hygienic factors are wrong hygienic measures as well the neglect of vaginal hygiene.
Hygienic measures prevent transmission of the disease.
Hygienic queens are available from nationally-advertised queen breeders.
Hygienic supplies are almost non-existent.
Hygienic vinyl is easy to clean.
A hygienist is a specialist
Hygienists are located in dentists.
Hygienists are specialists.
Hygienists can also work in dental educational settings or dental product marketing and sales.
Hygienists can also work in health education and product sales and marketing.
Hygienists can apply their skills in a number of related career areas.
Hygienists examine patients teeth and gums, recording the presence of diseases or abnormalities.
Hygienists examine patients' teeth and gums, recording the presence of diseases or abnormalities.
Hygienists examine teeth and gums.
Hygienists help make a long-term impact by educating people as they work.
Hygienists know that salt, whether sea salt, rock salt or refined salt is a poison.
Hygienists provide preventive dental care and encourage patients to develop good oral hygiene.
Hygienists take and develop X-rays and put in temporary fillings.
Hygienists use their knowledge and clinical skills to provide dental hygiene care for patients.
Hygienists work with many dental instruments while cleaning patients' teeth.
Many hygienists select other non-traditional work settings to practice dental hygiene.
Most hygienists work with individual patients.
Some hygienists design and implement school and community health programs.
Some hygienists develop and promote community dental health programs.
Some hygienists give local anesthetics and nitrous oxide.
Some hygienists work for two or more dentists.
A hygrometer is an instrument
Hygrometers are instruments used for measuring humidity.
Hygrometers are simple and relatively inexpensive.
Hygroscopic material can blind bag collectors.
Hygroscopic moisture is a thin layer of water adhering to grains of soil.
Hygroscopic substances absorb water well before the relative humidity reaches saturation.
Hygroscopic water is essentially non-mobile and can only be removed from the soil through heating.
HYLA members serve as mentors, tutors and help organize the programs.
Hylid frogs eat increasingly larger preys, even during postmetamorphosis.
Hyman cites the example of autism, a brain disorder that affects about two in one thousand people.
Hyman introduces readers to the best of the regional comfort foods and puddings.
Hyman is active in music education and maintains a recording studio here in Philadelphia.
Hyman is on the right.
Hyman is well-respected.
Hyman tells shoppers to expect an occasional error.
A hymen is a mucosa
Hymens are epitheliums.
Hymens are mucous membranes.
Hymens are often different from person to person.
Hymens are part of vaginas.
Hymens come in various shapes and designs.
Hymens come in various sizes and shapes, and, for most women, the hymen stretches easily.
Hymens come in widely varying sizes and shapes.
Hymens lay bleeding in the street.
Some hymens have one hole, others have several.
Some hymens tear naturally in childhood, some during puberty.
Many hymenopteran species are colonial with castes.
A hymenopteran is an insect
Hymenopterans are a taxonomic group of insects that exhibit diverse interactions with plants.
Hymenopterans are bees, wasps, and ants.
Hymenopterans range in size from very small to large insects, and usually have two pairs of wings.
Most hymenopterans live solitary lives and their behavior is more likely to be flight than fight.
Some hymenopterans can also telescope the abdomen in and out.
Hymettean honey is awesome with all the wild flower tastes.
Hymns of praise add to and magnify our worship experiences.
Hymns of praise occur with frequency in Sirach.
A hymn is a song
A hymn is church music
Hymn isa music.
Hymns accompanied by the piano and special treats on holidays are highlights.
Hymns are all many people experience, so that is a reasonable answer.
Hymns are also a source of comfort, courage, and inspiration.
Hymns are also prayers.
Hymns are by personal request, and sharing of prayer concerns is welcome.
Hymns are efforts at spiritual formation, at guided response.
Hymns are far more than the sum of their parts.
Hymns are from the blue hymnal unless otherwise printed.
Hymns are located in churchs.
Hymns are one of the only remaining doors for the church's past to enter congregational life.
Hymns are opportunities for everyone to proclaim our faith in song.
Hymns are organ solos.
Hymns are theocentric .
Hymns can also be part of the nightly lullabies.
Hymns can be confessions of sin or confessions of faith.
Hymns can be great wrap-up songs.
Hymns can reflect that.
Hymns carry themes from week to week very well.
Hymns have (part) chapters.
Hymns have (part) paragraphs.
Hymns have (part) word order.
Hymns lift the spirit, heal the soul, and encourage the believer.
Hymns play an important role in worship and are chosen to enhance the lesson of the day.
Hymns see our own hymnlist for links to music from our hymnal etc.
Every hymn has a story, and that story is usually worth knowing.
Every hymn is centered around the liturgy, the central religious services of the day.
Many hymns are expositions of certain chapters or verses of the Bible.
Many hymns are in honour of Soma.
Many hymns contain four stanzas.
Many hymns fall in between, embodying elements of both.
Many hymns reveal the doctrines of the great plan of redemption.
A hymnal is a songbook
Hymnals are also available in both stores.
Hymnals are located in confessions.
Hymnals are songbooks.
Many hymnals now are available in several formats to meet the needs of different users.
Most hymnals attribute it to an early American folk melody.
A hymnbook is a songbook
Hymnbooks are convenient for first rehearsals.
A hyoscine is an alkaloid
Hyoscine is used as a muscle relaxant and as a transdermal patch to treat motion sickness.
Hyoscyamine sulfate is absorbed totally and completely by oral administration.
Hyoscyamine sulfate passes the blood brain barrier and the placental barrier.
A hypallage is a device
Hypallage occurs when the intervals of the fugue subject are inverted.
A hypanthium is a plant organ
Hypanthia are dispersed by animals, and possibly by wind and water.
Hypanthium sometimes present.
Hype is publicity
Hype works well for mainstream acts, but is a double-edged blade for indie bands.
More hype equals more brainwashing.
Hyperactive bowel sounds.
Hyperactive children are always in motion.
Hyperactive children are more active, distractible, and high strung than their peers.
Hyperactive children are more likely to use drugs than normal children.
Hyperactive children are predominantly fidgety.
Hyperactive children are very prone to accidents.
Hyperactive children become magnesium deficient for two reasons.
Hyperactive children squirm in their seat or roam around the room.
Hyperactive children tend to be impulsive and lack self-control.
Hyperactive children tolerate fewer rules than the normal child.
Some hyperactive children have a range of socially unacceptable habits and behaviors.
Hyperactive kids can be useful.
Hyperactive kids seem to be popping up everywhere, and no one had even heard of it a generation ago.
Hyperactive parents are several times more likely to have a hyperactive child.
Hyperactive pectoralis reflex as an indicator of upper cervical spinal cord compression.
Hyperactive people are more likely to own their own businesses and be more independent.
Hyperactive people fidget or have a hard time sitting still.
Hyperactive synapses expand to occupy a large area of the muscle surface relative to wild type.
A hyperactivity is disorder
Hyperactivities are disorder.
Hyperactivity can be a problem for some children.
Hyperactivity grows into adult problems.
Hyperactivity is a more consistent behavior in AS than is the happy demeanor.
Hyperactivity is a technical term frequently referred to in lay terms as uncontrollable behavior.
Hyperactivity is another word for being overactive.
Hyperactivity is caused by a biochemical abnormality.
Hyperactivity is common in childhood, but does tend to improve in adolescence and adulthood.
Hyperactivity is considered a complex problem by homeopaths.
Hyperactivity is less prevalent among girls, who instead often seem quietly distracted or spacey.
Hyperactivity is really the brain's attempt to generate new stimulation to maintain alertness.
Hyperactivity is secondary to poor focusing and impulse control.
Hyperactivity is the most frequent justification for drugging children.
Hyperactivity is the most obvious symptom.
Hyperactivity is usually goal-directed.
Hyperactivity seems to be the expression of either hypoglycemia or food allergies or both.
Hyperactivity starts to diminish, the child begins to emerge from below.
Hyperactivity tends to diminish with age.
Hyperactivity often diminishes during adolescence, but the attentional difficulties remain.
Hyperactivity often occurs with inattentiveness and impulsivity.
Hyperactivity often stops in the late teenage years.
Hyperactivity usually stops in the late teenage years.
A hyperacusis is disability
Hyperacusis can be devastating to the patient's career, relationships, and peace of mind.
Hyperacusis can come on slowly or suddenly.
Hyperacusis is a collapsed loudness tolerance in hearing in adults and children.
Hyperacusis is a collapsed tolerance to normal environmental sounds.
Hyperacusis is a condition in which ordinary sounds seem unpleasantly loud or even painful.
Hyperacusis is a condition in which ordinary sounds seem unusually loud.
Hyperacusis is a decreased tolerance of sound and can be a serious problem.
Hyperacusis is painful sensitivity to sounds of average or soft volume.
Hyperacusis is sensitivity to sounds or minimal tolerance for common environmental sounds.
Hyperacusis is the scientific name for extreme sensitivity to sound.
Hyperacusis is very rare, and therefore, little is known about it.
Hyperacute rejection is a severe reaction that is seen within minutes of transplantation.
Hyperacute rejection is thought to be primarily due to activation of the complement system.
Hyperacute rejection occurs immediately post-operatively and is secondary to preformed antibodies.
Hyperacute rejection occurs within minutes to hours after renal transplantation.
A hyperaldosteronism is adenosis
Hyperaldosteronism causes high blood pressure and a low serum potassium.
Hyperaldosteronism presents as hypertension, polyuria, polydipsia, weakness, tetany, and alkalosis.
Hyperbaric agents are more reliable when trying for a mid-thoracic block.
Most hyperbaric centers are hospital-based, which is expensive.
A hyperbaric chamber is a chamber
Hyperbaric chambers move high concentrations of oxygen into the body.
Hyperbaric oxygen acts as a drug.
Hyperbaric oxygen acts as an alpha-adrenergic drug.
Hyperbaric oxygen appears to be a safe treatment from the ocular point of view.
Hyperbaric oxygen appears to reduce mortality and morbidity.
Hyperbaric oxygen can produce a variety of effects in addition to reducing air and gas embolism.
Hyperbaric oxygen can produce noticeable toxic effects if administered incorrectly.
Hyperbaric oxygen improves wound healing in normal and ischemic skin tissue.
Hyperbaric oxygen introduces very high levels of oxygen into body tissues.
Hyperbaric oxygen is a cost effective adjunctive to other therapy in the above conditions.
Hyperbaric oxygen is a simple concept.
Hyperbaric oxygen is extremely safe.
Hyperbaric oxygen is here to stay.
Hyperbaric oxygen is oxygen delivered at above atmospheric pressure.
Hyperbaric oxygen is simply intermittent, high-dose oxygen inhalation therapy.
Hyperbaric oxygen is the only treatment and can dramatically reverse the process.
Hyperbaric oxygen is unproven.
Hyperbaric oxygen means oxygen under higher than normal pressure.
Hyperbaric oxygen reduces the indirect component of injury by preventing such activation.
Hyperbaric oxygen reduces vischemla-induced skeletal muscle Injury.
Hyperbaric oxygen works well along with topical peroxide gel or peroxide sits baths.
Hyperbaric oxygenation acts internally to reduce swelling and can reduce pain.
Hyperbaric oxygenation is advantageous as an adjunctive therapy.
Hyperbaric treatment can accentuate the cause of the barotrauma rather than help it.
Hyperbaric treatment can substitute for low-flow oxygen.
All hyperbaric units are hospital based and most are associated with a wound care program.
Hyperbilirubinemic neonates are contraindicated for the use of ceftriaxone.
A hyperbole is an image
Hyperboles are common in everyday language and in poetry.
Hyperboles are twice as large as the standard bowl for a longer smoke.
Hyperbolic accolades surround almost every album.
Hyperbolic arctangent Returns the arctangant of a number.
Hyperbolic degree depends on k .
Hyperbolic geometry goes against common sense about what straight and parallel lines are.
Hyperbolic geometry goes counter to common sense and our experience of the world.
Hyperbolic geometry is geometry
Hyperbolic geometry is the geometry of a disc whose boundary is a circle.
Hyperbolic geometry is the star.
Hyperbolic geometry is tougher.
Hyperbolic horns are also somewhat longer than exponential horns.
Hyperbolic horns have more output closer to the cutoff frequency of exponential horns.
Hyperbolic sine Returns the hyperbolic sine of a number.
Hyperbolic slapstick is refreshingly absent.
Hyperbolic space is a space in which triangles can have angles summing to less than Pi radians.
Hyperbolic space shown here is tiled with regular dodecahedra.
Hyperbolic systems are a bit more difficult to understand.
Hyperbolic systems are the prime example of well-understood complexity.
Hyperbolic tangent Returns the hyperbolic tangent of a number.
Hyperbolic trees are a way of visualizing large, complex datasets.
Hyperbolic visualizations have two important properties .
A hypercalcaemia is a symptom
Hypercalcaemia is a cause of nausea, vomiting and confusion in patients with cancer.
Hypercalcaemia is associated with cancer.
Hypercalcemia resolves when the level returns to the normal range.
Hypercalcemic crisis is a life-threatening emergency.
Most hypercalcemic patients are asymptomatic.
A hypercapnia is a condition
Hypercapnia can induce arousal from sleep in the absence of altered respiratory mechanoreception .
Hypercapnia is associated with elevated plasma levels of epinephrine and norepinephrine.
Hypercapnic acidosis augments the pulmonary vasoconstriction.
A hypercarbia is a condition
Hypercarbia can occur as the disease worsens.
Hypercarbia is also common for people sitting in hot tubs.
Hypercard application is called a stack or a collection of stacks.
Hypercard stacks are now available on the Humanist server.
Hypercholesterolemia is a symptom
Hypercholesterolemia means that cholesterol level is too high in the blood .
Hypercholesterolemia means that cholesterol level is too high in the blood.
A hypercoaster is a ride
Hypercoasters are about twice as tall as regular roller coasters.
Hyperdynamic sepsis depresses circulatory compensation to normovolemic anemia in conscious rats.
Hyperdynamic sepsis depresses the circulatory compensation to normovolemic anemia in conscious rats.
Hyperemia is congestion
Hyperemia is visible.
Hyperextensible joints are due to laxity from the fibrillin defect.
A hyperextension is an extension
Hyperextension is continuation of extension beyond the anatomical position.
Hyperextension is the extreme extension of a limb or part of the body.
Hyperextension permits the palpation of the infraspinatus.
Hyperextension simply means too much upward bend at the joint.
Hyperextensions are a good lower back exercise.
Hyperextensions are extensions.
Hyperextension usually aggravates pain derived from posterior facet joints.
Hyperfeminine women are more likely to accept physical and emotional abuse from their sex partners.
Hyperfocal distance is distance
Hyperfocal distance is the distance between the camera and the hyperfocal point .
Hypergammaglobulinemic purpura is a syndrome that primarily affects women.
Hypergeometric calculations are tedious.
Hypergeometric series form an important part of the area of mathematics known as special functions.
A hyperglycemia is a symptom
Hyperglycemia aggravates brain edema in experimental intracerebral hemorrhage.
Hyperglycemia causes polyuria as excess glucose is excreted by the kidney.
Hyperglycemia exacerbates brain damage in acute severe carbon monoxide poisoning.
Hyperglycemia facilitates the aggregation of platelets.
Hyperglycemia induces apoptosis in pre-implantation embryos through cell death effector pathways.
Hyperglycemia induces apoptosis in preimplantation embryos via cell death effector pathways.
Hyperglycemia leads to dehydration and a hyperosmolar state.
Hyperglycemia reduces coronary collateral blood flow through a nitric oxide- mediated mechanism.
Hyperglycemia refers to the overproduction of insulin that increases the blood sugar.
Hyperglycemias are symptoms.
Hypergranular blasts predominate.
A hyperhidrosis is an activity
Hyperhidrosis is more common in teens and younger adults and frequently resolves spontaneously.
A hyperkalemia is a symptom
Hyperkalemia can be a problem and thus a potassium-free fluid is best.
Hyperkalemia can cause abnormal heart rhythms, and in some instances, can result in death.
Hyperkalemia can cause acidosis and vice versa, acidosis can cause hyperkalemia.
Hyperkalemia can cause profound cardiac disease which can result in death.
Hyperkalemia can have serious, potentially life threatening effects on the body.
Hyperkalemia can increase as patients age.
Hyperkalemia exacerbates the cardiovascular effects of hypocalcemia.
Hyperkalemia is a possible side effect.
Hyperkalemia is a potential complication, so monitor electrolytes closely.
Hyperkalemia is a very dangerous condition that can quickly produce cardiac arrest.
Hyperkalemia is also possible.
Hyperkalemia is associated with serious cardiac arrhythmias.
Hyperkalemia is improved by fluid replacement and glucose and insulin infusions.
Hyperkalemia is just one of many causes of hypertension in the elderly.
Hyperkalemia is often life-threatening in the feline urethral obstruction.
Hyperkalemia is sometimes a serious threat to the heart.
Hyperkalemia is the condition of a high concentration of potassium in the blood.
Hyperkalemia occurs when potassium intake exceeds the capacity of the kidneys to eliminate it.
Hyperkalemia occurs when the level of potassium in the bloodstream is higher than normal.
Hyperkalemia occurs with hemolysis, trauma, with administration of potassium salts of some drugs.
Hyperkalemias are diseases.
Hyperkalemias are illnesses.
Hyperkalemias are symptoms.
Hyperkeratotic epithelium is piled up on the sides of the ulcers.
Hyperkinetic disorders are several times more frequent in boys than in girls.
Hyperlexic children are intelligent, often highly-gifted individuals.
Hyperlink information is optional.
Hyperlink text is a different color from the rest of the text in a web site.
Hyperlink text is drawn in blue with a blue underline.
Hyperlink text is edited just like the text of any other cell.
Hyperlink text is usually a different color from the rest of the text in a web site .
A hyperlink is a link
Hyperlink Claims to be an Internet hothouse.
Hyperlink manufactures high quality fully tested antenna feed cable assemblies.
Hyperlink means click on an underlined subject to jump directly to additional subject material.
Hyperlinks abound within the definitions, enabling surfing and serendipitous discoveries.
Hyperlinks add depth to documents, providing the multi-dimensionality, which characterizes the Web.
Hyperlinks allow access to complete job descriptions and contact information.
Hyperlinks allow an easy cross-referencing for further information.
Hyperlinks allow computer users to skip from one Web page to another with a single mouse click.
Hyperlinks allow for an online comparison of documents.
Hyperlinks allow for one page to link to other pages anywhere else on the web.
Hyperlinks allow networks of data and information to be created and traversed.
Hyperlinks allow rapid comparison of species and developmental stages.
Hyperlinks allow the user to connect to another html file.
Hyperlinks allow the user to easily jump to related topics found in other chapters.
Hyperlinks allow the user to jump to another part of the book where related information is located.
Hyperlinks allow users to access full-text via current institute subscription or pay per view.
Hyperlinks allow viewers to connect from one page to another or to different parts of one page.
Hyperlinks also brings practice in line with theory when it comes to incorporation by reference.
Hyperlinks also can affect online writing style.
Hyperlinks also expand the options for using presentations.
Hyperlinks also facilitate collaborative projects, where many authors contribute to a text.
Hyperlinks also provide a means of showing the context of the play more effectively.
Hyperlinks appear on almost every page of our site.
Hyperlinks appear underlined.
Hyperlinks are a functional part of moving around the Web.
Hyperlinks are a great example of both.
Hyperlinks are a key part of the reason why the web has grown exponentially.
Hyperlinks are a method of transport.
Hyperlinks are a principal means of signposting along the way.
Hyperlinks are a wonderful tool for interconnection of related facts.
Hyperlinks are absolutely essential.
Hyperlinks are also available for insertions.
Hyperlinks are always Blue and Underlined .
Hyperlinks are available for a nominal fee.
Hyperlinks are available for online sites.
Hyperlinks are available in the following categories.
Hyperlinks are available on a variety of pages.
Hyperlinks are available to clarify student questions or provide more information on topics.
Hyperlinks are available to each company's web site.
Hyperlinks are blue text or outlined blue bordered images.
Hyperlinks are blue.
Hyperlinks are both more convenient and more flexible than textual references.
Hyperlinks are clickable connections from one page to another page.
Hyperlinks are conections from one document to another.
Hyperlinks are connections between two Web documents.
Hyperlinks are connections to other web pages or to bookmarks of places within the same web page.
Hyperlinks are easily recognizable on the computer screen.
Hyperlinks are easy to recognize.
Hyperlinks are electronic connections between one Web site and another.
Hyperlinks are electronic connections to sites within a web site or elsewhere on the Internet.
Hyperlinks are free.
Hyperlinks are hard to find on the left Web page because they are scattered throughout the text.
Hyperlinks are highlighted text and image components that, when selected, display other web pages.
Hyperlinks are important They are the way to travel the web.
Hyperlinks are important.
Hyperlinks are in bold .
Hyperlinks are in the form of a banners and or text links.
Hyperlinks are invaluable tools and great time-savers.
Hyperlinks are links from one document or document element to another.
Hyperlinks are links from one page to another, or from one image to another.
Hyperlinks are links imbedded in the web page that point to other documents on the web.
Hyperlinks are links.
Hyperlinks are now clickable.
Hyperlinks are often words that appear in blue with an underline.
Hyperlinks are powerful tools if used properly.
Hyperlinks are short cuts to other Web pages, or to other places on the same page.
Hyperlinks are similar to branches on a tree.
Hyperlinks are suggestive of new possibilities but an integrating perspective is lacking.
Hyperlinks are terms, icons, or images in documents that point to other, related docu ments.
Hyperlinks are text that is underlined in blue.
Hyperlinks are the defining characteristic of the Internet.
Hyperlinks are the functional core of the world wide web.
Hyperlinks are the heart of web pages.
Hyperlinks are the pieces of text that are highlighted and underlined in blue.
Hyperlinks are the primary way to navigate between pages and sites.
Hyperlinks are the primary way to navigate between webpages and websites.
Hyperlinks are the ties that bind.
Hyperlinks are to E-mail addresses.
Hyperlinks are typically blue and sometimes underlined.
Hyperlinks are typically text, blue in color, and nearly always underlined.
Hyperlinks are underlined, just click on a word to go to that site.
Hyperlinks are usually the default color blue and visited links, the default color purple.
Hyperlinks are Web default blue.
Hyperlinks are what make the web different from other media.
Hyperlinks are what make the Web what it is today, and is easy to do.
Hyperlinks are what make up the strands of the web.
Hyperlinks are words within an article printed in blue and underlined.
Hyperlinks can also be an image with a frame around it or an image that looks like a button .
Hyperlinks can also be in the form of a graphical link.
Hyperlinks can also be sounds, images, and even movies.
Hyperlinks can also do other things such as start a new e-mail message.
Hyperlinks can also lead to other Internet resource sites located anywhere on the Internet.
Hyperlinks can also point to a specific location in a web page.
Hyperlinks can be a phrase, an image, a button, etc.
Hyperlinks can be images or text.
Hyperlinks can be in the form of highlighted clickable text, images, or graphical clickable maps.
Hyperlinks can be on words, pictures, or parts of pictures.
Hyperlinks can be pictures or highlighted words.
Hyperlinks can be text or graphic.
Hyperlinks can be text or graphics that represent a link to another resource.
Hyperlinks can be text or images.
Hyperlinks can be text, pictures, or graphics.
Hyperlinks can be user defined messages, programs to run, or jumps to Web pages.
Hyperlinks can be words or pictures.
Hyperlinks can be words, symbols, or pictures.
Hyperlinks can change the display context automatically.
Hyperlinks can lead to dedicated document parts instead of the whole document.
Hyperlinks can make a website more attractive and easier to use.
Hyperlinks can point to text, image, sound, or movie files.
Hyperlinks can provide access to related documents formats as well.
Hyperlinks can quickly take the user to similar pages that are customized to their preferences.
Hyperlinks can take the form of text or graphics.
Hyperlinks can therefore appear less attractive.
Hyperlinks come in quite a few forms.
Hyperlinks connect agents to all their critical information at the moment it is needed.
Hyperlinks connect the list of errata to the lines in the text where the corrections occur.
Hyperlinks connect to places of interest in each province or territory.
Hyperlinks connect to sites in English as well as in the vernacular languages.
Hyperlinks connect visitors to specific subjects within each chapter.
Hyperlinks connect with animations, texts, etc.
Hyperlinks contain high quality semantic clues to a page s topic.
Hyperlinks Create all hyperlinks as relative links rather than absolute links.
Hyperlinks create instant access to other incident types and even other services.
Hyperlinks Describes how to link different HTML documents.
Hyperlinks enable users to drill down to lower levels of information.
Hyperlinks ensure rapid, easy access to patient care information in a convenient electronic form.
Hyperlinks facilitate reference to needed earlier concepts.
Hyperlinks generally look different from the surrounding material.
Hyperlinks give additional information on certain topics.
Hyperlinks go to abstracts.
Hyperlinks go to descriptions of each play, as well as cover artwork.
Hyperlinks indicate a short abstract .
Hyperlinks indicate footnotes.
Hyperlinks lead from the text to glossary items and explanations.
Hyperlinks lead to detailed information about the site.
Hyperlinks lead to information on the web.
Hyperlinks lead to online lecture materials .
Hyperlinks lead to photographs, scanned documents or more information.
Hyperlinks Learn about the links that connect the Internet.
Hyperlinks Let s make a link to a different page.
Hyperlinks make a profound difference in how people gather information.
Hyperlinks make it easy to navigate through the text.
Hyperlinks make it possible to enter any page from just about any starting point.
Hyperlinks make navigation easy and are one of the best and most unique features of Web sites.
Hyperlinks make navigation easy.
Hyperlinks make the Web user-friendly.
Hyperlinks map a particular pattern of associations.
Hyperlinks now function regardless of whether the objects is on a locked or unlocked layer.
Hyperlinks occur both in the sidebar material and within news stories.
Hyperlinks only exist for positions during the open periods.
Hyperlinks opens new windows.
Hyperlinks provide a path to specific information on department, faculty, and student activities.
Hyperlinks provide access to the full-text article on the publisher's server.
Hyperlinks provide direct reference to the wording that was adopted in the final document.
Hyperlinks provide information about the fees, faculty, course catalogs and university policies.
Hyperlinks provide simple, standardized, broadly-usable connections between people and data.
Hyperlinks provide the means to navigate quickly and easily among computer files.
Hyperlinks refer to pertinent sections of the task force's formal documentation.
Hyperlinks relating to the content of each chapter are available here.
Hyperlinks remain enabled.
Hyperlinks See links .
Hyperlinks see our article on keyword placement for more details.
Hyperlinks seem like the most logical next step, however.
Hyperlinks show pharmacies with Web sites.
Hyperlinks speed up further the search for information.
Hyperlinks subert Hierarchy'.
Hyperlinks take the form of text or images on the web.
Hyperlinks take the place of page numbers, which are irrelevant in html.
Hyperlinks take the user to the appropriate entries for the people mentioned.
Hyperlinks take users to related information.
Hyperlinks then connect the user to the publisher's server.
Hyperlinks There are some warnings wrt.
Hyperlinks tie information on the Web together, making it easy to jump between connected Web pages .
Hyperlinks Welcome to our links page.
Hyperlinks work for every object within a group.
Hyperlinks work just fine.
Hyperlinks work pretty much the same way.
Hyperlinks work the same way.
Hyperlinks work together with bookmarks to create connections on a page.
Hyperlinks often act as tantalizing morsels, bytes that promise to lead to the one ideal source.
Hyperlinks often appear as blue underlined text, but can be buttons or graphics, as well.
Hyperlinks often appear as blue, underlined text.
Hyperlinks often appear as bright blue underlined text or as graphics.
Hyperlinks usually appear as blue underlined text strings.
Hyperlinks usually appear as blue, underlined text.
Hyperlinks usually appear as underlined text in a color different from the rest of the document.
Hyperlinks usually appear in a different format from regular text.
Hyperlinks usually show in web browsers as text in a different color, or underlined.
All hyperlinks are active.
All hyperlinks are blue and all visited hyperlinks are orange.
All hyperlinks are in default blue text or outlined blue images.
All hyperlinks are local to the site unless marked as external.
All hyperlinks have meaningful and descriptive text.
All hyperlinks lead to photos of the species.
All hyperlinks open in a new window, with information about or related to the speaker.
All hyperlinks turn purple after they have been used.
Any hyperlink can point to any document anywhere on the Internet.
Any hyperlink can point to any document or service anywhere on the Internet.
Any hyperlinks give details of each amateur.
Many hyperlinks become outdated very quickly.
Most hyperlinks connect to appropriate information.
Some hyperlinks are generic.
Some hyperlinks are graphics or icons.
Some hyperlinks are to pages outside thi site.
Some hyperlinks connect to appropriate information.
Some hyperlinks point to addresses in the internet for supplementary information.
Hyperlinked artists lead to interviews.
Hyperlinked bars have their own home pages.
Hyperlinked descriptions are available for each class and subclass.
Hyperlinked entries are currently available at no charge.
Hyperlinked names are on the family trees listed on the family pages.
Hyperlinked names contain extra information about the employee.
Hyperlinked names refer to that person's homepage.
Hyperlinked titles are available online.
Hyperlinked words exist within the text describing treatments.
A hyperlipemia is a symptom
Hyperlipemia can appear rapidly and has a high fatality rate.
Hyperlipemia occurs normally for a short period after a meal then returns to the correct level.
A hyperlipidemia is a symptom
Hyperlipidemia causes impaired liver function, which can be life threatening.
Hyperlipidemia is a common adverse event of protease inhibitor therapy.
Hyperlipidemia is a community pharmacy-based cholesterol management program.
Hyperlipidemia is a significant risk factor for the development of cardiovascular disease.
Hyperlipidemia is another risk factor associated with obesity.
Hyperlipidemia is protective with respect to mortality in healthy older persons.
Hyperlipidemia is the first guide to be scheduled for web-publishing.
Hyperlipidemia occurs normally for a short time after a meal, then returns to the correct level.
Hyperlipidemia plays a major role in atherogenesis.
Hyperlipidemia plays a strong role in atherogenesis.
Hyperlipidemia refers to excessive amounts of fats in the blood.
Hyperlipidemia usually occurs within the initial two to four weeks.
Hyperlocal ties help people partition the world into manageable chunks.
A hypermarket is a supermarket
Hypermarket isa supermarket.
Hypermarkets are also now commonplace.
Hypermarkets have (part) bases.
Hypermarkets have (part) sections.
Hypermarkets have (part) shelves.
Hypermasculine men are more likely to be physically and emotionally abusive to their partners.
Hypermasculine men tend to hold more negative and sexist attitudes toward women.
A hypermedia is a transmission
Hypermedia also has the ability to perform interactively with the user.
Hypermedia can also contain pictures, sounds and video.
Hypermedia can also contain pictures, sounds, video.
Hypermedia enhances hypertext by adding video, sound, animation, and graphics.
Hypermedia has the advantages of being nonlinear, associative, flexible, and efficient.
Hypermedia is a broadening of the term, and encompasses text, graphics, sound, and movies.
Hypermedia is a great team sport.
Hypermedia is a rapid reading experience of image, caption, and choice of navigation.
Hypermedia is a rich field for discovering and applying patterns.
Hypermedia is a subset of hypertext.
Hypermedia is a superset of hypertext - it is any medium with pointers to other media.
Hypermedia is a superset of hypertext.
Hypermedia is a superset of hypertextit is any medium with pointers to other media.
Hypermedia is a tool for user-driven access to information.
Hypermedia is an extension of hypertext.
Hypermedia is characterised by the ability to change the retrieval and presentation of information.
Hypermedia is new, and standards are still less than solid.
Hypermedia is now an integral part of the most innovative online journals.
Hypermedia is quite different from learning from a textbook.
Hypermedia is text combined with graphics, movies, and sound.
Hypermedia is the combination of hypertext and multimedia .
Hypermedia is the multimedia such as texts, graphics, video, sound, etc.
Hypermedia is the presentation of information via more than one medium.
Hypermedia is the same thing as hypertext except that it includes text, images, sound, and motion.
Hypermedia is to multimedia roughly what an index is to a book.
Hypermedia provides links to graphic, sound, and video files in addition to text files.
Hypermedia provides several advantages for language learning and instruction.
Hypermedias are multimedia.
Hypermobile joints are candidates for mistreatment and overuse.
Hypermobile joints are essentially universal.
Hypermobile joints occur in very few conditions.
A hypernatremia is a symptom
Hypernatremia is a red herring.
Hypernatremia is evidence supporting intracellular volume contraction.
Hypernatremia is usually the result of administration of intravenous saline.
Hypernatremias are symptoms.
A hyperon is a heavy particle
Hyperons can be use as a probe to explore the behaviors of known nuclei.
Hyperopia is a condition whereby the eye is deficient in focal power.
Hyperopia is a refractive error , which results from a disorder rather than from disease.
Hyperopia is common.
Hyperopia is corrected by a convex lens that refracts light rays before they strike the eye.
Hyperopia is disability
Hyperopia is diseases.
Hyperopia is farsightedness, the opposite of myopia.
Hyperopia is measured in terms of positive diopters.
Hyperopia is the inability to see near objects more clearly than distant objects.
Hyperopia is the medical term for farsightedness.
Hyperopia is very common.
Hyperopic patients have a difficult time visualizing the fixation light due to their farsightedness.
A hyperparathyroidism is adenosis
Hyperparathyroidism is a disease in which patients have too much parathyroid hormone.
Hyperparathyroidism is caused by overactive parathyroid glands.
Hyperparathyroidism is less common than medullary carcinoma of the thyroid or pheochromocytoma.
Hyperparathyroidism is quite rare in children.
Hyperparathyroidism is the state in which there is excess parathyroid hormone circulating.
Hyperparathyroidism refers to overactivity and growth of the parathyroid gland or glands.
Hyperpigmentation appears as dark brown patches on the face and hands.
Hyperpigmentation can occur after several types of cosmetic surgery.
Hyperpigmentation can occur in focal or diffuse forms.
Hyperpigmentation generally is restricted to areas of the body exposed to sunlight.
Hyperpigmentation is a condition
Hyperpigmentation is an increase in skin pigmentation.
Hyperpigmentation is common but is usually treatable.
Hyperpigmentation is present where there has been secondary infection.
Hyperpigmentation is the excessive production of melanin.
Hyperpigmentation is very chronic in chronic inflammatory skin disease and endocrine dermatoses.
Hyperpigmentation means excess color.
Hyperpigmentation naturally fades with time after swelling has gone down.
Hyperpigmented lesions show melanin-laden macrophages in the upper dermis with basal pigmentation.
Hyperplasia can lead to uterine cancer.
Hyperplasia is diseases.
Hyperplasia is dysplasia
Hyperplasia is dysplasia.
Hyperplasia is the opposite condition, i.e., the breasts are too large.
Hyperplasia means excessive growth, and some forms of hyperplasia are precancerous.
Hyperplasia means there are more cells than normal.
Hyperplastic polyp is a growth in the colon that has no premalignant potential.
Hyperplastic polyps are different than adenomatous polyps.
Hyperrealist art is highly detailed, often photographically so.
Some hyperrealist painters do indeed work from photographs.
Hypersecretion isa secretion.
Some hypersecretions cause gigantisms.
Some hypersecretions have effects.
Some hypersecretions have significant effects.
Some hypersecretions produce blood pressure.
Some hypersecretions produce high blood pressure.
Some hypersecretions produce high pressure.
Some hypersecretions produce pressure.
Hypersensitive areas can also cause discomfort from just walking or sitting.
Hypersensitivity pneumonitis is a lung condition with symptoms that mimic pneumonia.
Hypersensitivity reaction is hypersensitivity
Hypersensitivity reaction is hypersensitivity.
Hypersensitivity reactions are possible when using witch hazel topically.
Hypersensitivity reactions are rare in patients with no prior exposure to aprotinin.
Hypersensitivity reactions are rare.
Hypersensitivity reactions are relevant adverse effects of asparaginase therapy.
Hypersensitivity reactions can occur to sulfites contained in norepinephrine injection.
Hypersensitivity reactions occur in some patients.
Hypersensitivity reactions require premedication with dexamethasone and diphenhydramine.
Hypersensitivity becomes the norm.
Hypersensitivity can lead to a potentially fatal reaction.
Hypersensitivity develops over a period of two to ten weeks.
Hypersensitivity is a condition in which the body over-reacts to a protein or other stimulus.
Hypersensitivity is a contraindication.
Hypersensitivity is a well-established possibility.
Hypersensitivity is an effective protection.
Hypersensitivity is an immune response that damages the body's own tissues.
Hypersensitivity is manifested by rash or urticaria.
Hypersensitivity is no general reaction.
Hypersensitivity is sensitivity
Hypersensitivity is sensitivity.
Hypersensitivity is the major problem associated with the penicillins.
Hypersensitivity is worse than a curse in our lives.
Hypersensitivity syndromes including a lupus-like disorder.
Hypersexualized behavior is a fairly common symptom of mania.
Hypersomnia can also occur without any identifiable cause.
Hypersomnia is diseases.
Hypersomnia is excessive sleepiness.
Hypersomnia is increased sleep.
Hypersomnia is one of the symptoms of major depression .
Hypersomnia is sleep disorder
Hypersomnia is sleep disorder.
Hypersomnia is usually hereditary, and depression is one of the side effects from a lack of sleep.
Hypersonic aircraft are much harder to shoot down than a ballistic missile.
Hypersonic flight requires materials that are light, strong and resist high temperatures.
Hypersonic flows are essentially impossible to model reliably in a wind tunnel.
Hyperspastic carousal is the best of the bunch causing cerebral apoplexy in all but the crunchy.
Hyperspectral data is known to be very redundant.
Hyperspectral imagery can aid in petroleum exploration by detecting microseepage.
Hyperspectral imagery can entail hundreds of narrow spectral bands.
A hypersplenism is a symptom
Hypersplenism also can lead to leukopenia and thrombocytopenia.
HyperStudio stacks are works in progress.
Hypertension adversely affects calcium homeostasis.
Hypertension affects about one of every four American adults.
Hypertension affects nearly one in three adults.
Hypertension afflicts about one in four American adults, both men and women, of all ages.
Hypertension also predisposes the arteries to atherosclerosis .
Hypertension can affect all types of people.
Hypertension can affect several regions of the body when the blood pressure becomes too high.
Hypertension can also cause damage to the retina and the kidney.
Hypertension can also impair an expectant mother's kidney, liver and brain functions.
Hypertension can also lead to a stroke or kidney failure.
Hypertension can also lead to strokes, kidney disease, and aneurysms.
Hypertension can also occur.
Hypertension can be difficult to control.
Hypertension can cause damage to many parts of the body.
Hypertension can cause headache, blurred vision, blindness, heart damage, and stroke.
Hypertension can cause strokes, heart attacks, heart and kidney failure.
Hypertension can damage the body by causing the heart and blood vessels to work overly hard.
Hypertension can go undetected for years.
Hypertension can increase the risk for coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure and stroke.
Hypertension can increase the risk of having a heart attack and dying from cardiovascular diseases.
Hypertension can increase the risk of having a stroke, developing altitude sickness, or angina.
Hypertension can injure the kidneys, impairing their functions.
Hypertension can lead to diseases such as heart attack , stroke , and kidney disease .
Hypertension can lead to diseases such as heart attack, stroke, and kidney disease.
Hypertension can lead to enlargement of the heart and to vascular damage.
Hypertension can lead to heart attack stroke and kidney failure.
Hypertension can lead to heart disease, heart failure, kidney failure and strokes.
Hypertension can lead to heart disease, stroke, and kidney failure.
Hypertension can lead to heart disorders.
Hypertension can lead to stroke or heart attack, and in some has a genetic basis.
Hypertension can lead to stroke, heart failure, or kidney damage.
Hypertension can occur in children or adults.
Hypertension can remain symptomless for long periods before arterial or organ damage appears.
Hypertension can result in narrowing of the blood vessels that supply the brain.
Hypertension can run in the famil y .
Hypertension can run in the family.
Hypertension causes characteristic blood vessels changes, mirroring the systemic vasculopathy.
Hypertension causes increased filtration of lipoprotein into the intima from the blood.
Hypertension causes the harder arteries to constrict and to compress the more flacid veins.
Hypertension characteristically is present.
Hypertension develops and pulmonary haemorrhage frequently develops.
Hypertension develops as a consequence of the increased pumping by the heart.
Hypertension develops as a consequence of the increased pumping pressure of the heart.
Hypertension develops in the pulmonary vessels.
Hypertension does occasionally give subtle warning signs.
Hypertension does the same as do some other medications.
Hypertension exacerbates conditions.
Hypertension forces the heart to pump against greater arterial resistance.
Hypertension increases afterload.
Hypertension increases blood volume and consequently blood pressure.
Hypertension increases risk among obese women.
Hypertension increases risk and severity of impotence.
Hypertension increases the risk for serious cardiovascular problems.
Hypertension increases the risk of having a stroke, which also increases with age.
Hypertension increases the risk of heart disease and stroke and can damage eyes and kidneys.
Hypertension increases the risk of renal deterioration in systemic lupus erythematosus.
Hypertension is a blood pressure higher than normal.
Hypertension is a cardiovascular disease
Hypertension is a chronic disease, accounting for the largest number of physician office visits.
Hypertension is a classic example, with dozens of different drugs available.
Hypertension is a common associated factor.
Hypertension is a common cause of kidney failure in Australia.
Hypertension is a common comorbidity of obesity.
Hypertension is a common complication of pregnancy.
Hypertension is a common complication, perhaps on the basis of cysts causing local ischemia.
Hypertension is a common concomitant of obesity.
Hypertension is a common development with the onset of diabetic nephropathy or shortly thereafter.
Hypertension is a condition diagnosed by chronic high blood pressure in the arteries .
Hypertension is a disease in which a person' s blood pressure is persistently high.
Hypertension is a disease that is common in the United States.
Hypertension is a greater risk factor in diabetics than in non-diabetics.
Hypertension is a leading cause of cardiovascular disability and death.
Hypertension is a leading cause of cardiovascular disease and stroke.
Hypertension is a leading cause of heart disease and stroke.
Hypertension is a leading factor in developing kidney disease.
Hypertension is a major complication in elderly people who suffer from gout.
Hypertension is a major contributor to heart disease, stroke and kidney disease.
Hypertension is a major factor in heart attack and stroke.
Hypertension is a major factor.
Hypertension is a major public health problem.
Hypertension is a major risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.
Hypertension is a major risk factor for coronary heart disease and stroke.
Hypertension is a major risk factor for heart disease and the chief risk factor for stroke.
Hypertension is a major risk factor for many serious health problems.
Hypertension is a major risk factor for stroke, heart attack and kidney disease.
Hypertension is a major risk factor for stroke.
Hypertension is a major risk factor in the development of heart disease and stroke.
Hypertension is a major threat to life and health.
Hypertension is a medical term for an abnormally high blood pressure.
Hypertension is a medical term for blood pressure that is higher than normal.
Hypertension is a medical term that means high blood pressure.
Hypertension is a more important risk factor for stroke than for atherosclerotic heart disease.
Hypertension is a possibility, as is a vitamin deficiency, some bleeding disorders, and drug abuse.
Hypertension is a possible outcome of long term obstruction of a kidney from kidney stones.
Hypertension is a problem for some, as are kidney stones.
Hypertension is a risk factor for a multitude of potentially life-threatening illnesses.
Hypertension is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, stroke and kidney disease.
Hypertension is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Hypertension is a silent disease meaning the symptoms often go unnoticed.
Hypertension is a silent killer because it is asymptomatic.
Hypertension is a silent killer.
Hypertension is a very common vascular disease.
Hypertension is a very silent, deadly symptom of heart disease.
Hypertension is almost certain.
Hypertension is also a controllable risk factor to reduce the potential risk from heart disease.
Hypertension is also a potential and more common cause of afib.
Hypertension is also a risk factor for cognitive impairment, dementia, and chronic kidney disease.
Hypertension is also common.
Hypertension is an extremely common form of cardiovascular disease.
Hypertension is an increase in blood pressure above the normal level.
Hypertension is another cause of kidney disease.
Hypertension is another condition that is ripe for genetic somatic therapy.
Hypertension is another leading cause of heart disease in the general population of Senegal.
Hypertension is another major cause of congestive heart failure.
Hypertension is another problem linked in part to racist incidents at work.
Hypertension is associated with a significantly increased risk of morbidity and mortality.
Hypertension is associated with erectile dysfunction.
Hypertension is associated with severe obesity.
Hypertension is believed to damage the choroidal vasculature.
Hypertension is blood pressure that is greater than normal.
Hypertension is blood pressure that remains elevated over a safe level.
Hypertension is both a disease and risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Hypertension is chronic conditions.
Hypertension is chronic high blood pressure.
Hypertension is cocked and locked.
Hypertension is common among the elderly and is known risk factor for heart disease and stroke.
Hypertension is common and is frequently present before development of renal impairment.
Hypertension is common in hyperparathyroidism.
Hypertension is common when renal failure is severe.
Hypertension is common.
Hypertension is considered a major risk factor for heart and kidney disease and stroke.
Hypertension is consistent elevation of systemic arterial blood pressure.
Hypertension is controllable with treatment.
Hypertension is dangerous because it causes the heart to work extra hard.
Hypertension is dangerous.
Hypertension is diagnosed when the patient has persistently high blood pressure .
Hypertension is diagnosed when the patient has persistently high blood pressure.
Hypertension is diseases.
Hypertension is especially dangerous because there are often no warning signs or symptoms.
Hypertension is high blood pressure, and it's bad news.
Hypertension is high blood pressure.
Hypertension is higher blood pressure than normal.
Hypertension is higher in blacks than in whites.
Hypertension is illnesses.
Hypertension is indeed an affliction of aging.
Hypertension is itself a complex disease with genetic and environmental components.
Hypertension is known as the silent killer.
Hypertension is known to affect the blood vessels and is a major factor in heart attacks.
Hypertension is likely to account for that differential.
Hypertension is linked to heart attacks, strokes and other serious health problems.
Hypertension is more common in high-risk newborns .
Hypertension is more common in high-risk newborns.
Hypertension is more prevalent in men than in women.
Hypertension is more pronounced with mineralocorticoids and their effect on renal sodium excretion.
Hypertension is most common among blacks.
Hypertension is most common here in the southeast .
Hypertension is most commonly cause by high salt intake.
Hypertension is much more prevalent in both communities than in the island dwellers.
Hypertension is often a concomitant condition.
Hypertension is often asymptomatic even untreated.
Hypertension is often asymptomatic.
Hypertension is often preventable and is definitely treatable with lifestyle and dietary changes.
Hypertension is often the cause of heart disease, as well as of other serious organ failures.
Hypertension is one of the major causes of disability and death all over the world.
Hypertension is one of the most common causes of death and disability.
Hypertension is one of the most common causes of left ventricular hypertrophy.
Hypertension is one of the most common chronic health conditions in developed countries.
Hypertension is one of the most common medical complication of pregnancy.
Hypertension is one of the most important risk factors for heart attacks and strokes.
Hypertension is precipitated by a number of factors.
Hypertension is present if either or, both the systolic or diastolic readings are elevated.
Hypertension is preventable and treatable.
Hypertension is rare, most patients having decidedly low blood pressure.
Hypertension is really a major player in heart failure.
Hypertension is reduced when diastolic function improves.
Hypertension is relatively common in adults with the disorder.
Hypertension is simply an increase in blood pressure.
Hypertension is simply increased pressure in the blood vessels.
Hypertension is the diagnosis given when readings consistently rise above normal.
Hypertension is the leading cause of heart attack and stroke.
Hypertension is the leading cause of stroke.
Hypertension is the leading cause of strokes.
Hypertension is the leading controllable risk factor for stroke.
Hypertension is the medical term for abnormally high blood pressure.
Hypertension is the medical term for an abnormally high blood pressure.
Hypertension is the medical term for high blood pressure.
Hypertension is the medical term for what most people call High Blood Pressure.
Hypertension is the medical term referring to high blood pressue.
Hypertension is the more commonly used term for high blood pressure.
Hypertension is the most common health condition for women in the United States.
Hypertension is the most frequent and important risk factor for cardiovascular diseases.
Hypertension is the most important preventable risk factor for premature death worldwide .
Hypertension is the most important preventable risk factor for premature death worldwide.
Hypertension is the most important risk factor for stroke.
Hypertension is the most prevalent treatable chronic condition in the United States.
Hypertension is the prime reason for monitoring blood pressure.
Hypertension is the single most important treatable risk factor for stroke.
Hypertension is the sustained elevation of arterial blood pressure.
Hypertension is the term for blood pressure that is consistently above normal for a long time.
Hypertension is the term for blood pressure that is consistently higher than normal.
Hypertension is the term for blood pressure that is higher than normal.
Hypertension is the term for blood pressure that remains elevated for prolonged periods of time.
Hypertension is typically a hybrid of physiological, emotional and mental factors.
Hypertension is variable that related to multivessel disease.
Hypertension is very treatable.
Hypertension is when the blood pressure is too high and hypotension is when it is too low.
Hypertension isa disorder.
Hypertension leads to disorder.
Hypertension leads to heart disorder.
Hypertension means high blood pressure.
Hypertension never goes away, but it can be controlled.
Hypertension occurs much more frequently in patients with diabetes.
Hypertension occurs when blood presses on the artery walls with too much force.
Hypertension occurs when the force of blood against the artery walls rises.
Hypertension plays a major role in aortic atherosclerosis and aneurysm formation.
Hypertension plays a significant role in the development of arteriosclerosis and atherosclerosis.
Hypertension presents information on hypertension geared towards medical professionals.
Hypertension produces a narrowing of the arteries when blood pressure is significantly elevated.
Hypertension puts stress on blood vessel walls.
Hypertension ranks as the second most frequently occurring condition among the elderly.
Hypertension reduces life expectancy, and the higher the pressure the greater the mortality.
Hypertension remains a major public health problem in middle-aged and elderly people.
Hypertension remains one of the leading causes of death in the United States.
Hypertension requires drug treatments.
Hypertension requires therapy titrated to the individual patient.
Hypertension requires treatments.
Hypertension results from a complex interaction of genes and environmental factors .
Hypertension results from a complex interaction of genes and environmental factors.
Hypertension results in an increase in afterload on the left ventricle.
Hypertension See High blood pressure.
Hypertension speeds the clogging of the arteries and is the biggest risk factor for strokes.
Hypertension stimulates baroreceptors in the carotid sinus, aorta and cerebral vessels.
Hypertension stresses the kidney capillaries, increasing risk of leakage.
Hypertension tends to run in families, heredity is a possibility.
Hypertension often accompanies diabetic nephropathy.
Hypertension often is asymptomatic.
Hypertension often runs in families.
Most hypertension exacerbates conditions.
Most hypertension is due to diet and weight, while some is due to heredity.
Most hypertension leads to disorder.
Most hypertension leads to heart disorder.
Most hypertension requires drug treatments.
Most hypertension requires treatments.
Some hypertension contributes to causes.
Some hypertension has likelihood.
Some hypertension leads to enlargements.
Some hypertension requires reductions.
Hypertensive cardiomyopathy is caused by untreated high blood pressure.
Hypertensive crisis can cause very severe, generalized headache.
Hypertensive crisis is ofter accompanied by hypertensive encephalopathy .
Hypertensive crisis occurs once organs are damaged.
Hypertensive headaches are often worse when lying down instead of better.
Some hypertensive medications tend to cause an increase in thirst and appetite.
Most hypertensive patients are usually asymptomatic.
Hypertensive women have a better prognosis than men with respect to cardiovascular mortality.
Hypertensive women shoud be aware that they are at incresed risk for pre-eclampsia .
A hypertensive is a patient
Hypertensives are more prone to suffer strokes than person having normal pressure.
Hypertensives are more salt-responsive than are normotensives.
Hypertensives are patients.
Hypertensives continue to display acute peaks in their circadian rhythm.
Hypertext fiction appears to have found a welcoming home in several college English departments.
Hypertext fiction is like that only more so.
Hypertext references are case sensitive.
A hypertext is electronic text
Hypertext allows access to data bases and information.
Hypertext allows articles and books to be connected with other texts on the internet.
Hypertext allows different people to write in their field of specialty.
Hypertext allows document creators to insert links and names to point to other relevant items.
Hypertext allows documents to be published in a nonlinear format.
Hypertext allows information from multimedia sources to be included in a single document.
Hypertext allows links from one page of the web site to another page or to a different web site.
Hypertext allows people to jump around to different locations and types of information.
Hypertext are texts with links to other texts.
Hypertext avoids the limitations of a linear structure.
Hypertext binds related documents together on a computer or network.
Hypertext changes everything.
Hypertext comes in many sizes and shapes.
Hypertext cursor no longer jumps when pressing CR when cursor is at the bottom of the window.
Hypertext demands and creates an active reader.
Hypertext denotes an information medium that links verbal and nonverbal information.
Hypertext destroys the illusion that scholarly literature is made up of unique, independent works.
Hypertext differs significantly from straight writing, because it requires application development.
Hypertext enables material to be arranged hierarchically.
Hypertext enables post-modern reading.
Hypertext enables students to do more in-depth investigations into their interest areas.
Hypertext enables text to be nonlinear, which is powerful because thinking is nonlinear.
Hypertext exists in time , perhaps more so than any other medium.
Hypertext exists solely on computers.
Hypertext facilitates access to cited material and can make research much quicker.
Hypertext forms webs of knowledge.
Hypertext help file.
Hypertext help system.
Hypertext invites multiple voices and multiple authors.
Hypertext invites multiple ways.
Hypertext invites voices to interrupt the architecture and so interpret it.
Hypertext linking allows developments to be traced back in time through see also references.
Hypertext linking and a search command make finding information very easy.
Hypertext linking enables multiple texts to be joined.
Hypertext linking provides instant access to documents anywhere in the world.
Hypertext linking within and between statutes makes following a set of cross-references easy.
Hypertext links throughout every issue.
Hypertext links to a Web site, to another course, to another part of the same course, etc.
Hypertext links to all major family databases.
Hypertext links to many full text documents.
Hypertext links to original full text versions on the Internet.
Hypertext literalizes literary theory.
Hypertext look up.
Hypertext notes on The Varieties of Religious Experience .
Hypertext notes to a course on spectroscopy, including some background in quantum mechanics.
Hypertext presents several different options to the reader.
Hypertext principles for text and courseware design.
Hypertext resources on the web.
Hypertext resumes can integrate smart verbal development with basic page design strategies.
Hypertext work on ethics in education.
Hypertext works because it mimics the hyper-dimensional linking in the brain.
Hypertext writing provides a multidimensional space.
Hypertexts allow writers to move well beyond the one, linear dimension in traditional books.
Hypertexts are extremely labor-intensive.
Hypertexts are open systems.
Hypertexts are texts that rely on links to provide their structure.
Hypertexts link the reader to other texts, reducing the centrality of the hypertext.
Hypertexts present a variation on the problem.
Hypertexts provide links on each page, so readers can explore the texts and their connections.
Hypertexts take on meaning and structure from the programs they are created in.
Hypertexts often use one frame for the text and the other frame for the menu.
Many hypertexts allow the reader to focus more deeply on a topic by linking it to another page.
Most hypertexts are so devoted to ambiguity that they fail to communicate much of anything at all.
Some hypertexts consist solely of navigable webs of interlinked fragments.
Hypertextual connections emphasize the in-betweeness of movement and space.
Hypertextual database allows students to move through the material in nonlinear ways.
Hypertextual forms make nonfixed states perhaps the norm.
Hypertextual links allow Web users to move within and outside a site.
Hypertextual systems comprise a different kind of electronic experience.
Hyperthermia study finds little effect.
Hyperthermia treatment uses heat to destroy tumor cells.
Hyperthyroidism also occurs in other situations.
Hyperthyroidism can actually improve kidney function by increasing blood flow to the kidneys.
Hyperthyroidism can also cause tremor.
Hyperthyroidism can lead to heart failure if untreated.
Hyperthyroidism can make diabetes very difficult to control.
Hyperthyroidism can predispose to arrhythmia such as atrial fibrillation.
Hyperthyroidism causes tumors to grow on the thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism exists in several different forms.
Hyperthyroidism happens when the thyroid gland makes too much thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism has several causes.
Hyperthyroidism increases heart rate and blood pressure and causes weight loss.
Hyperthyroidism is a condition due to an excess of thyroid hormone secretion.
Hyperthyroidism is a condition in which the body has too much thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is a condition in which the levels of thyroid hormones in the blood are very high.
Hyperthyroidism is a condition in which the thyroid produces excessive amounts of hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is a condition resulting from over-activity of the thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism is a condition where the thyroid produces too much thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is a disorder characterized by the overproduction of thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is a fairly common disease of older cats.
Hyperthyroidism is a serious disease that usually affects women more so than men.
Hyperthyroidism is a treatable disease.
Hyperthyroidism is a very serious situation and life threatening.
Hyperthyroidism is adenosis
Hyperthyroidism is an easily treatable condition.
Hyperthyroidism is an overactive thyroid gland .
Hyperthyroidism is an overactive thyroid, whereas hypothyroidism is an inactive thyroid.
Hyperthyroidism is an uncommon cause of hypercalcemia.
Hyperthyroidism is another important cause and is easily treated.
Hyperthyroidism is caused by a tumor in the thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism is caused by an overactive thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism is caused by antibodies directed against the thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism is dangerous and kills.
Hyperthyroidism is diagnosed by checking levels of the thyroid hormone in the blood.
Hyperthyroidism is diseases.
Hyperthyroidism is due to an enlargement of the thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism is due to an overactive thyroid producing excess amounts of thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is most classically a disorder of excessively function and activity.
Hyperthyroidism is one of the most common diseases of the middle-aged and older cats.
Hyperthyroidism is overactivity of the thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism is patients taking amiodarone is more problematic and can be quite severe.
Hyperthyroidism is rare in dogs.
Hyperthyroidism is the condition resulting from secretion of excess thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is the most common endocrine system disorder in cats.
Hyperthyroidism is the opposite.
Hyperthyroidism is the overproduction of thyroid hormone by the thyroid glands.
Hyperthyroidism is the overproduction of thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is the overproduction of thyroid hormones.
Hyperthyroidism is too much hormone.
Hyperthyroidism is treatable.
Hyperthyroidism is treated with antithyroid medications , radioactive iodine, or surgery.
Hyperthyroidism is treated with antithyroid medications, radioactive iodine, or surgery.
Hyperthyroidism is uncommon in dogs.
Hyperthyroidism is usually a result of a tumor in the thyroid gland.
Hyperthyroidism is very common, but also frequently misdiagnosed.
Hyperthyroidism is when the thyroid gland produces an excessive amount of thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism makes the body speed up.
Hyperthyroidism means that the gland is overactive, producing too many hormones.
Hyperthyroidism occurs in different species as the result of different mechanisms.
Hyperthyroidism occurs in middle aged and older cats.
Hyperthyroidism occurs most commonly in older cats and is rare in dogs.
Hyperthyroidism occurs when the thyroid gland is overactive.
Hyperthyroidism occurs when the thyroid gland produces too much thyroid hormone.
Hyperthyroidism occurs when the thyroid produces too much thyroxine.
Hyperthyroidism occurs when too much thyroid hormone circulates in the blood.
Hyperthyroidism results from secretion of thyroid hormones.
Hyperthyroidism results when the thyroid gland produces an excess of thyroid hormones.
Hyperthyroidism returns soon after the drugs are stopped.
Hyperthyroidism See goiter.
Some hypertonic babies overstimulate readily.
Hypertonic fatigue can become chronic, and chronically fatigued people perform less efficiently.
Hypertonic saline induces panic in patients with panic disorder.
Hypertonic saline is a negative inotropic agent in normovolumic dogs.
Hypertonic solutions give rise to cell shrinkage.
Hypertonic spasm is caused by loss of circulation creating an excess accumulation of lactic acid.
Hypertonic stimuli can open transiently the endothelial junctions.
A hypertonicity is a tone
Hypertonicity activates nonselective cation channels in mouse cortical collecting duct cells.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathies are a group of familial disorders.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a disease of the heart muscle with an unknown, cause.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a form of heart disease that causes the heart muscle to enlarge.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a heart disease
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a potentially life-threatening enlargement of the heart.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is also an autosomal dominant disorder with a high degree of penetrance.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is an asymmetric increase in ventricular muscle mass.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is an autosomal dominant disease.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is characterized by an abnormally thick heart muscle.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is inflammation of the heart muscle.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is often genetic in origin, and tends to run in families.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is usually a genetic condition that tends to run in families.
Hypertrophic scars are more common in the young and people with darker skin.
Hypertrophic scars are more common when healing is delayed.
Hypertrophic scars are scars that are raised.
Hypertrophic scars tend to develop a peak size and then get smaller over months to years.
Hypervelocity impacts produce a plasma that is analyzed by multiple sensors.
Hyperventilation syndrome is a condition brought on by rapid, shallow breathing.
Hyperventilation syndrome is a symptom complex seen practically every day of a physician's practice.
Hyperventilation syndrome is such a problem.
A hyperventilation is a breathing
Hyperventilation also causes alkolosis.
Hyperventilation arises through an increase in the frequency of breathing and the tidal volume.
Hyperventilation can also occur.
Hyperventilation can be very alarming because it can appear to be a different, more serious problem.
Hyperventilation Can cause fatigue.
Hyperventilation can exacerbate asthma.
Hyperventilation causes arterial constriction in the brain and around the eyes.
Hyperventilation causes some central nervous system changes as well.
Hyperventilation causes the pH to elevate.
Hyperventilation Comes from breathing too deeply, too fast.
Hyperventilation counteracts the build-up of pressure inside the skull that can prove fatal.
Hyperventilation happens when people unawarely overbreathe.
Hyperventilation has a healing effect.
Hyperventilation increases the number of inhaled allergens, and cools and dehydrates the airways.
Hyperventilation is a frequent cause of chest pain, especially in young people.
Hyperventilation is also part of the response to massive blood loss.
Hyperventilation is one of the primary physical manifestations of panic disorders.
Hyperventilation is probably the most common of the so called stress-related breathing disorders.
Hyperventilation is rapid or deep breathing, usually caused by anxiety or panic.
Hyperventilation is something which happens involuntarily.
Hyperventilation is the basis of adaptation to high altitude.
Hyperventilation is the opposite.
Hyperventilation is the repeated inhalation of fast, full breaths of air and rapid exhalation.
Hyperventilation is very unlikely to be a cause of many instances of chronic fatigue.
Hyperventilation isa process.
Hyperventilation produces a minimal generalized disorganization of the background activity.
Hyperventilation triggers certain responses in the body that make grounding pretty difficult.
Hyperventilation upsets the central nervous system.
Hyperventilation works by constricting blood vessels, however.
Hyperventilations are breathing.
Hyperventilations cause anxiety.
Hyperventilations enhance excretion.
Hyperventilations have (part) inhalation.
Hyperventilations lead to effects.
Most hyperventilations cause anxiety.
Most hyperventilations enhance excretion.
Most hyperventilations lead to effects.
A hypervitaminosis is an abnormality
Hypervitaminosis is a disorder resulting from excessive dosage with one or more vitamins.
A hypha is a strand
Hypha are transparent thin walled tubes.
Hypha begin to sprout from the cell wall, which begin to get food.
Hypha isa filament.
Hyphae absorb nutrients from the substrate, spread, grow, and produce fruiting bodies.
Hyphae allow the pathogen to infect and grow within plant cells to obtain food.
Hyphae are absent.
Hyphae are at low densities in compacted or continually anoxic soil.
Hyphae are coenocytic and septette.
Hyphae are initially uninucleate but soon become dikaryotic.
Hyphae are like arms and legs.
Hyphae are little tubes.
Hyphae are minute threads composed of tubular , walls surrounding plasma membranes and cytoplasm.
Hyphae are present.
Hyphae are produced by fungi.
Hyphae are root-like threads composed of haploid cells.
Hyphae are septate.
Hyphae are slender filaments.
Hyphae are the cobweb-like arms and legs of fungi.
Hyphae are the thread like structures that make up the web of mycelium.
Hyphae are usually syncytia .
Hyphae are usually syncytia.
Hyphae are very tiny, measuring only a few microns in diameter in some cases.
Hyphae cover the surface of a substrate to form a branching, filamentous network.
Hyphae create a network of large tangles called the mycelium.
Hyphae differentiate into haustoria which facilitate nutrient transfer.
Hyphae extend from the germinating spore and penetrate the epidermis of the plant root.
Hyphae form a basidocarp.
Hyphae form an extensive meshwork called mycelium.
Hyphae form continuous tubes.
Hyphae form hollow tubes.
Hyphae form tubes.
Hyphae grow above and below the surface of media.
Hyphae grow at the tip and divide repeatedly along their length creating long and branching chains.
Hyphae grow at their tips.
Hyphae grow by adding cells at the tip.
Hyphae grow through cell walls and press against cell membrane.
Hyphae grow through the wood and secrete enzymes which degrade and weaken the wood.
Hyphae grow until resembling a tangled mass of threads.
Hyphae have compositions.
Hyphae look like threads, or rootlets .
Hyphae look like threads, or rootlets.
Hyphae now begin to grow out of the ascogonium.
Hyphae penetrate outer cells of root and extend into environment.
Hyphae penetrate the sinus mucosa into submucosa, blood vessels, or bone in invasive disease.
Hyphae penetrate the tissues of the host plant.
Hyphae produce special chemicals called enzymes.
Hyphae produce sporangiums.
Hyphae reproduce asexually via the formation of spores termed microconidia or macroconidia.
Hyphae rounding up into arthroconidia are diagnostic of dermatophyte involvement.
Most hyphae are produced by fungi.
Most hyphae form continuous tubes.
Most hyphae form hollow tubes.
Most hyphae have compositions.
Most hyphae produce sporangiums.
Some hyphae are part of candidas.
Some hyphae are part of fungi.
Some hyphae are part of mold.
Some hyphae are part of mushrooms.
Some hyphae are part of myceliums.
Some hyphae are part of puffballs.
Some hyphae are part of toadstools.
Some hyphae are part of truffles.
Some hyphae are specialized for producing spores or for penetrating host tissue.
Some hyphae kill plants.
Some hyphae look like stalks.
Some hyphae look like upright stalks.
Some hyphae penetrate cortexes.
Some hyphae penetrate root cortexes.
Some hyphae show branching at a wide angle.
Any hyphenated dates listed in the towns below indicate all years are extant.
Hyphenated lines interrupt the continuity of the thought.
Hyphenated number is impressed into back of peghead.
Hyphenated obedience is no obedience at all.
Hyphenated surnames appear under the part preceding the hyphen.
Hyphenated words are a bit tricky.
Hyphenated words are usually adjective modifiers.
Hyphenated words are words that are formed from two words.
Hyphenated words count as a single word.
Hyphenated words count as one word.
Hyphenated words count as two words.
Hyphenated words kill readability, especially as wi- dows.
Hyphenated words take the apostrophe after the last section of the word.
Most hyphenated words count as two words.
Hyphenation is a big subject.
Hyphenation is based on the convention of the discipline in which the term appears.
Hyphenation is important in writing.
Hyphenation is language specific.
Hyphenation is off by default.
Hyphenation is omitted, incorrect, incomplete or used instead of a dash.
Hyphenation is optional.
Hyphenation is particularly prone to inconsistent usage.
Hyphenation is punctuation
Hyphenation is punctuation.
Hyphenation seems to be a transitory introductory state.
Hyphenation seems to be pretty arbitrary for many technical terms.
Hyphenation works with documents written in many languages.
Hyphenation frequently ignores syllabification throughout.
Hypnagogic hallucinations are the type usually associated with narcolepsy.
Hypnagogic hallucinations occur just before falling asleep.
Hypnagogic hallucinations occur when falling asleep.
Hypnagogic myoclonus is both common and normal.
Hypnic headache is another, more remote possibility.
A hypnoanalysis is a depth psychology
Hypnoanalysis is a lengthy and powerful process that takes weeks with the chronically ill.
Hypnogogic hallucinations are dream-like thoughts that occur at sleep onset.
Hypnogogic hallucinations can also be another sign of restless sleep.
Hypnogogic hallucinations can occur several times a week to several times a day.
Hypnogogic hallucinations occur while falling asleep, and hypnopompic hallucinations upon awakening.
A hypnophobia is simple phobia
Hypnophobia is a pathological fear of sleep.
Hypnopompic hallucinations occur just after waking up.
Hypnopompic hallucinations occur when waking.
Hypnosis allows remarkable dissociations, particularly with respect to sensations of pain.
Hypnosis appears to be most like an altered state of suggestibility.
Hypnosis can assist or accelerate any natural body reactions or ability.
Hypnosis can assist people in making positive changes in their lives.
Hypnosis can be a tremendous facilitator of therapy.
Hypnosis can be a useful part of exploratory psychotherapy.
Hypnosis can be dangerous.
Hypnosis can be helpful, as well as an accurate psychiatric evaluation.
Hypnosis can be quite effective with milder types of depression and anxiety.
Hypnosis can be scary to some people.
Hypnosis can be useful to gain access to the memories of someone suffering from traumatic amnesia.
Hypnosis can block pain even under very dramatic circumstances such as open heart surgery.
Hypnosis can both stimulate and inhibit gastric acid secretion.
Hypnosis can help by reprogramming the subconscious.
Hypnosis can help develop memory and increase concentration.
Hypnosis can help in certain situations.
Hypnosis can help release unwanted patterns like post traumatic stress reactions.
Hypnosis can help to boost creativity by accessing intuition, memory, and concentration.
Hypnosis can help with relaxation, breathing and pain.
Hypnosis can promote accurate memory and raise to consciousness long forgotten information.
Hypnosis can provide transformation by removing blocks and installing effective functioning.
Hypnosis can release causes for fears and phobias, then permanently release the fear.
Hypnosis can relieve and even cure phobias and allergies as well as helping to remove fear and pain.
Hypnosis comes from the root word hypnos which means sleep.
Hypnosis conceals the resistances and so makes a certain part of the mental field freely accessible.
Hypnosis creates a bridge from the conscious mind to the subconscious and the power of the universe.
Hypnosis dates back to the days of the Egyptian pyramids.
Hypnosis deals with accessing the unconscious mind.
Hypnosis denotes a trance.
Hypnosis does prove to reduce stress levels of various people, as seen by the surveys.
Hypnosis does seem to reduce one s stress level.
Hypnosis encourages an altered state of consciousness , by definition.
Hypnosis enhances both the storage and retrieval of data.
Hypnosis helps relieve pelvic pain due to functional causes unamenable to surgery.
Hypnosis helps some people stop smoking.
Hypnosis helps to get all parts balanced.
Hypnosis helps to teach one to use positive self-talk and positive expectations.
Hypnosis however is nothing more than the science of giving suggestions.
Hypnosis includes many different ways to set that daydream-like state of mind or trance into being.
Hypnosis involves suggestion.
Hypnosis is a completely safe tool used to make positive changes.
Hypnosis is a gateway to the unconscious mind.
Hypnosis is a highly subjective, personal experience.
Hypnosis is a mental condition
Hypnosis is a perfectly natural, normal state of mind.
Hypnosis is a perfectly normal state that just about everyone has experienced.
Hypnosis is a perfectly safe technique that anyone who can concentrate for a few moments can learn.
Hypnosis is a skill that is developed through years of study and dedication.
Hypnosis is a skill that is learned, enhanced, and developed with time and experience.
Hypnosis is a technique in which an individual s susceptibility to suggestion is heightened.
Hypnosis is a term derived from the Greek word for sleep.
Hypnosis is a tool sometimes used in the treatment of tension headaches and migraine.
Hypnosis is a trance-like state between sleeping and waking.
Hypnosis is a trance-like state that can be brought on by a person trained in special techniques.
Hypnosis is a vehicle for self exploration and change.
Hypnosis is a very effective adjunct to any therapeutic specialty.
Hypnosis is a very natural state of mental awareness.
Hypnosis is a very powerful tool for personal and professional development.
Hypnosis is a very useful adjunct in the treatment of somatization disorder.
Hypnosis is a well-documented method for reducing discomfort during painful procedures.
Hypnosis is a widely accepted method for helping people make changes.
Hypnosis is about subconscious response.
Hypnosis is accumulative in it's powers.
Hypnosis is actually much more sophisticated.
Hypnosis is also helpful with dental anxieties, procedures and phobias.
Hypnosis is always effective as a recovery technique.
Hypnosis is as old as humans.
Hypnosis is capable of lowering stress.
Hypnosis is clinically useful in almost every aspect of medicine.
Hypnosis is dangerous.
Hypnosis is definitely of interest to many people now.
Hypnosis is effective for the treatment of dermatological conditions in three specific ways.
Hypnosis is extremely effective and powerful self-persuasion.
Hypnosis is extremely effective here.
Hypnosis is generally experienced as restful and relaxing, it is different then slumber.
Hypnosis is gentle, fast and very effective.
Hypnosis is great for the insomniac.
Hypnosis is human activities.
Hypnosis is in fact a method to encourage people to imagine experiences suggested by the hypnotist.
Hypnosis is indeed very relaxing, making sleep come easier and has no harmful side-effects.
Hypnosis is just as likely to bring forth false impressions as true accounts of past events.
Hypnosis is just one commonly known form said to be used by secret government agencies.
Hypnosis is meditation.
Hypnosis is merely a tool to encourage altered states of consciousness.
Hypnosis is more suggestive than therapeutic.
Hypnosis is more than a party trick, it's a powerful tool with vast healing potential.
Hypnosis is most effective when the mind is in alpha state.
Hypnosis is much more than hypnotherapy or stage hypnosis.
Hypnosis is nothing but auto-suggestion.
Hypnosis is nothing more than a relaxed state of focused attention, similar to daydreaming.
Hypnosis is nothing new.
Hypnosis is nothing to fear.
Hypnosis is often a fantasy or imaginary experience.
Hypnosis is one of a number of psychiatric treatment techniques.
Hypnosis is one of many tools and techniques used to uncover information or to work out problems.
Hypnosis is one of many tools used in cigarette cessation.
Hypnosis is one of the most effective ways to deal directly with the unconscious level of the mind.
Hypnosis is one of the safest and economical treatments for stress.
Hypnosis is one way of regressing people.
Hypnosis is only as good as the person doing the hypnosis.
Hypnosis is only one therapeutic modality under study.
Hypnosis is positive.
Hypnosis is probably more a matter of applied psychology than anything else.
Hypnosis is really self-hypnosis.
Hypnosis is safe and effective.
Hypnosis is safe and natural process.
Hypnosis is safe when a competent and qualified hypnotist practices it.
Hypnosis is safe, effective and generally offers immediate and lasting results.
Hypnosis is safe.
Hypnosis is simply a means of focusing attention.
Hypnosis is simply a relaxation process.
Hypnosis is simply a state of deep mental and physical relaxation.
Hypnosis is simply an altered state of natural consciousness.
Hypnosis is strange.
Hypnosis is the best way to go.
Hypnosis is the manipulation of concentration levels.
Hypnosis is the natural alternative.
Hypnosis is the only possible answer.
Hypnosis is the primary method used to contact the subconscious mind.
Hypnosis is the state that a person experiences.
Hypnosis Is There are many levels and uses of hypnosis.
Hypnosis is very much like daydreaming.
Hypnosis is very relaxing.
Hypnosis is way to reprogram the triggers that cause impulse eating.
Hypnosis makes it easy to find exercise enjoyable.
Hypnosis offers both a unique and exciting approach to self-improvement.
Hypnosis only works as well as one feels comfortable with the suggestions that are being given.
Hypnosis opens the doorway to the subconscious mind where all our memories are stored.
Hypnosis permits the mind to disengage to some extent.
Hypnosis reveals the personal side of people.
Hypnosis simply involves going into a relaxed, yet focused, state of awareness.
Hypnosis spurs jogger's memory in case of girls disappearance.
Hypnosis taps the power of the imagination.
Hypnosis temporarily bypasses the conscious mind allowing access to the subconscious mind.
Hypnosis works because it is possible to reprogram the subconscious mind.
Hypnosis works with some people.
Hypnosis works within the unconscious mind.
Hypnosis often works really well to help people get old relationships off their mind.
All hypnosis is actually self-hypnosis.
All hypnosis is really self-hypnosis.
All hypnosis is self hypnosis and the therapist has no power or control over anyone.
All hypnosis is self hypnosis.
All hypnosis is self myth's.
All hypnosis is self-hypnosis, the hypnotherapist is only the guide.
All hypnosis is self-hypnosis, the hypnotist is simply the facilitator.
All hypnosis is self-hypnosis.
ALL hypnosis is self-hypnosis.
All hypnosis is, is that little gray area between consciousness and sleep.
A hypnotherapy is psychotherapy
Hypnotherapies are professional servicing.
Hypnotherapies are psychotherapy.
Hypnotherapy eases stress.
Hypnotherapy works well with many forms of self-exploration.
Most hypnotherapy lasts an average of five sessions.
Hypnotic analgesia appears to illustrate the dissociation between explicit and implicit perception.
Hypnotic effects are products of the imagination, closer to delusion than anything else.
Hypnotic induction can certainly be of therapeutic value when administered properly.
Hypnotic induction can take place without the subject's knowledge or permission.
Hypnotic lyrics are prominent throughout the album.
Hypnotic practices can easily confuse fantasies and imagination with reality.
Hypnotic processes are redundant.
Hypnotic recordings help the most when listened to often, especially in the first few weeks.
Hypnotic suggestion relies greatly, in fact almost entirely, on peripheral influence.
Hypnotic suggestions are to be carefully selected to aid in the healing.
Hypnotic suggestions can release unwanted behavior patterns.
Hypnotic techniques are of course a useful aid.
A hypnotic trance is a trance
Hypnotic trance is a pleasant and relaxing state of being.
Hypnotic trance is empowering, even apart from the use of suggestion which augments it.
Hypnotic trance is only one way to remove pain.
Hypnotic trances are trances.
Hypnotic trances can be very helpful in both instances.
Hypnotic treatment is only one tool, and when used by itself the treatment is usually short term.
Hypnotic waves wash the rocky shoreline where our cabins and lakehomes are nestled.
A hypnotic is a drug
Hypnotics also differ in the dose range over which they are effective.
Hypnotics are important here when used as muscle relaxants.
Hypnotics differ by half-life as well as chemical structure.
Hypnotics produce drowsiness and facilitate the onset and maintenance of sleep.
All hypnotics induce and maintain sleep.
All hypnotics pose some risk of overdose, habituation, tolerance, addiction, and withdrawal.
Many hypnotics are addictive , and have side-effects .
Many hypnotics are addictive, and have side-effects.
A hypnotism is influence
Hypnotism also seems to increase the activity of a brain chemical called dopamine.
Hypnotism can help people relax and become less anxious.
Hypnotism entails a powerful social mythology.
Hypnotism furnishes a striking example of the process by which experience is suppressed.
Hypnotism is a intense concentration into a sometimes euphoric state.
Hypnotism is a very natural phenomenon.
Hypnotism is an active, focussed state of mind.
Hypnotism is one of the leading subjects of conversation today.
Hypnotism is probably a supernatural power.
Hypnotism is simply the quieting of the conscious mind.
Hypnotism is such a wonderful science.
Hypnotism is the contracting of the cells of the body and brain from the periphery to the center.
Hypnotism is trespass into the territory of another's consciousness.
Hypnotism provides the background for motivation psychology.
Hypnotism requires trust and imagination.
Hypnotism takes place in Sufi dancing, whirling and head movements.
Hypnotisms are influence.
All hypnotism is self-hypnotism and can be executed alone by the subject or hypnotee.
A hypnotist is a psychologist
Hypnotist borrows antique gold watch and heirloom chain from subject to use as an attention focuser.
Hypnotist describes natural rhythm of trance readiness.
Hypnotists are psychologists.
Hypnotists can often get the same results.
Hypnotists do it in their sleep.
Hypnotists only guide the power that people already have.
Hypnotists use rhythm to induce trance.
Every hypnotist needs to know how to successfully do group hypnosis sessions.
Many hypnotist apply to national organizations for membership and certification.
Many hypnotists devote too much session time in the induction process.
Many hypnotists make the mistake of treating the weight loss client like a stop smoking client.
Most hypnotists feel the individual approach has a better success rate than the group setting.
Hypnotized subjects are fully awake.
Hypoactive bowel sounds, purulent cervical discharge, and abdominal distension are often present.
Hypoallergenic downs are the filling of choice for allergy sufferers.
Hypoallergenic gloves are available for employees with allergies to latex gloves.
Hypoallergenic gloves do contain latex.
Hypoallergenic polishes are available from several manufacturers.
Hypoaspis miles feed upon small, soil inhabiting insects, mites, and all stages of springtails.
Hypoaspis miles is an effecient predator of fungus gnat larvae.
Hypobromous acid is unstable to disproportionation.
A hypocalcemia is a symptom
Hypocalcemia impairs cardiac contractility and limits the pressor effect of catecholamines.
Hypocalcemia refers to low blood calcium concentration.
A hypocapnia is a condition
Hypocapnia is still able to reduce cerebral blood flow and therefore to oppose the vasodilation.
Hypocapnia reverses the fentanyl-induced increase in cerebral blood flow velocity in awake humans.
Hypochloric acid is injected into the sand filters for cleaning of the sand bed.
Hypochlorite bleach can destroy images and reduce image stability.
A hypochlorite is salt
Hypochlorites are chemical compounds.
Hypochlorites are most reactive, while perchlorates are the least reactive.
Hypochlorites are salt.
Hypochlorites are solid or liquid chemicals used to whiten textile products and other materials.
Hypochlorites are solids.
Hypochlorites react with acids to produce chlorine.
Hypochlorites yield an aqueous solution of hypochlorous acid that is the true disinfectant.
Hypochlorous acid is acid
Hypochlorous acid is the active, killing form of chlorine.
A hypochondria is anxiety
Hypochondria is a disorder in which people suffer from a terrible, continual fear of illness.
Hypochondria is an illness.
Hypochondria is considered a personality disorder, and it commonly begins during adolescence.
Hypochondria is diverted self-hatred and paranoia.
Hypochondria really deserves sensitivity.
Hypochondrias are anxiety.
Hypochondrias are illnesses.
Hypochondriacal symptoms are common in the population.
A hypochondriasis is anxiety
Hypochondriasis is a disorder with which most people are familiar.
Hypochondriasis is actually more common in middle-age.
Hypochondriasis is as common in men as it is in women.
Hypochondriasis is characterized by severe anxiety over the possibility of having a disease.
Hypochondriasis is distinguished by preoccupation with the underlying cause of the symptoms.
Hypochondriasis occurs equally in men and women.
Hypochondriasises are diseases.
Hypocrisy abounds among supporters of vouchers.
Hypocrisy abounds, as does confusion.
Hypocrisy abounds, but never mind that.
Hypocrisy is insincerity.
Hypocrisy is located in churchs.
Hypocrisy is misrepresentation
Hypocrisy is pretense.
A hypocrite is a slicker
Hypocrite is a great word.
Hypocrite is a very improper translation of the Hebrew.
Hypocrite is more to the point.
Hypocrites are a dime a dozen.
Hypocrites are actors - people who act holy to receive the praises of others.
Hypocrites are also people of mischievous and doubtful conduct.
Hypocrites are deceivers.
Hypocrites are intelligent agents.
Hypocrites are liars, too, because they lie to themselves.
Hypocrites are people who profess one thing but live another.
Hypocrites are really the only uncool people.
Hypocrites are such as talk well and also do well, but have regard to themselves in everything.
Hypocrites are very natural people to be understood.
Hypocrites don t go to heave.
Hypocrites have wrong motives.
Hypocrites love a cheap religion.
Hypocrites never pray in secret for prayers that are a pretense always require an audience.
Hypocrites use the weapon of false judgment.
Hypocrites always oppose the deeds of righteousness under pious pretences.
Hypocrites always rest in their knowledge.
Hypocrites sometimes tell the truth -after all, accidents do happen.
Hypocritical behavior is never a good platform to advocate.
Hypocritical conduct is cited as wrong livelihood for monks.
Hypocritical opinions have no value.
Hypocritical policy is the tangible form of societal decay.
Hypocritical worship is meaningless.
Hypocritical worship is void.
A hypocycloid is a curve
Hypocycloids possess some unexpected properties .
Hypodermal cells are very likely to occur on the margin of the leaf.
Hypodermic injections are more effective still.
Hypodermic love is just like a hypodermic needle, it gets under the skin.
A hypodermic needle is a needle
Hypodermic needles continue to be discovered in southwest Virginia.
Hypoestrogenic agents are mixtures of old and new agents.
Most hypogammaglobulinemic patients lack the ability to mount a strong antibody response.
A hypoglycemia is a symptom
Hypoglycemia tends to be a problem seen most often in toy breed puppies.
All hypoglycemia is, is low blood sugar.
Many hypoglycemic babies show no signs, however.
Hypoglycemic coma causes brain damage in rats.
Hypoglycemic seizures can result from various causes.
Hypoglycemic tendency is inherited, and often comes with a family history of diabetes.
Hypoiodous acid is unstable to disproportionation.
Hypoiodous acid is very unstable .
Hypoiodous acid is very unstable.
Hypokalaemic cats can usually lead a normal life if they get the correct potassium supplement.
Hypokalemic paralysis is perhaps the only condition that closely mimics sleep paralysis. . .
Hypokinetic diseases result from inactivity.
Hypokinetic disorders are movement disorders that are described as having reduced motor function.
Hypomelanotic macules are the first manifestations.
Hypomorphic alleles are paralyzed and aldicarb-resistant, yet otherwise healthy in appearance.
Hyponym isa word.
Hyponyms have (part) syllables.
A hypoparathyroidism is adenosis
Hypoparathyroidism can occur after surgical resection of parathyroid adenoma.
Hypoparathyroidism has multiple etiologies.
Hypoparathyroidism is caused by underactive parathyroid glands.
Hypoparathyroidism is the clinical condition caused by a lack of parathyroid hormone.
A hypophysectomy is ablation
Hypophysectomy protects the frog lens from some of the effects of X-rays.
Hypopigmentation is a common complication with cryotherapy.
Hypopigmentation is a condition
Hypopigmentation is especially a problem for patients with a dark complexion.
Hypopigmentation is less likely and tends to be of a more permanent nature.
Hypopigmentation is seen in blacks.
Hypopigmentation is used to describe areas of decreased skin color.
A hypoplasia is dysplasia
Hypoplasia is the incomplete development or underdevelopment of a part of the body.
Hypoplasia is the term for an underdeveloped tissue or organ.
Hyporheic flow has beneficial effects on water quality and aquatic habitat.
Hyporheic zones can be active sites for aquatic life.
Hyposaline conditions are of particular concern in southern California.
Hypospadiac meatus is located in the penoscrotal position.
Hypotension also is extremely rare.
Hypotension can also occur after oral administration.
Hypotension can also occur whenever infarction provokes parasympathetic overactivity.
Hypotension can be a problem but is easily treated with appropriate fluid.
Hypotension can cause a fast pulse, dizziness, and sometimes nausea, vomiting, or fainting.
Hypotension can occur after rapid intravenous injection causing cardiovascular collapse.
Hypotension can occur at low infusion rates.
Hypotension can result from gastrointestinal bleeding, dehydration, vagal stimulation, etc.
Hypotension following acute hypovolaemia depends on the caudal midline medulla.
Hypotension generally responds to volume expansion with normal saline.
Hypotension increases the risk of falls and subsequent injury.
Hypotension is a cardiovascular disease
Hypotension is a frequent problem.
Hypotension is a frequent side-effect of MAOIs.
Hypotension is a late finding and represents significant hemorrhage.
Hypotension is a rare side effect.
Hypotension is a relative term in the brain-injured patient.
Hypotension is a relatively late sign of shock from blood loss and needs aggressive treatment.
Hypotension is blood pressure lower than normality.
Hypotension is cardiovascular diseases.
Hypotension is diseases.
Hypotension is due to vasodilation and a functional decrease in the effective circulating volume.
Hypotension is illnesses.
Hypotension is low blood pressure.
Hypotension is the commonest sign.
Hypotension is usually secondary to venodilation and negative cardiac inotropic effects.
Hypotension needs to be monitored closely.
Hypotension occurs, varying from transient to severe.
Hypotension seems to be related to speed of infusion.
Hypotension usually is a late finding because of the activation of compensatory mechanisms.
Hypotension usually is a late sign in children.
Hypotension usually responds promptly to supine position and intravenous fluids.
Hypotensive effects are more likely to occur in geriatric clients.
A hypotenuse is a flank
Hypotenuse is available by mail at no charge.
Hypothalamic disease can also cause hyperprolactinemia.
Hypothalamic disorders are uncommon causes of hyperthermia.
Hypothalamic effects result in weight gain and, occasionally, abnormalities of thermoregulation.
Hypothalamic obesity is another rare cause of obesity.
Hypothalamic regulation is poor and unreliable.
Hypothalami control functions.
Hypothalami have (part) corpi.
Hypothalami secrete hormones.
Hypothalami secrete thyrotropins.
Hypothalamus isa body part.
Hypothermia patients are cold and look pale, puffy-faced and listless.
Hypothermia victims develop muscular rigidity and erratic heartbeats.
Most hypothermia victims are elderly persons who are unable to keep sufficiently warm in winter.
A hypothermia is a condition
Hypothermia decreases excitatory neurotransmitters release in bacterial meningitis in rabbits.
Hypothermia has two main types of causes.
Hypothermic patients are generally volume contracted secondary to a cold diuresis.
Hypothermic patients have hands, feet, and abdomen that are cold to the touch.
Hypothermic skin is very sensitive to heat and is easily burned.
Hypothermic stress is a significant problem in the child.
Most hypothesis formation begins with a review of relevant literature.
Hypothesis test Demonstrates the power of simple hypothesis testing.
All hypothesis tests conform to similar principles and proceed with the same sequence of events.
All hypothesis tests have unavoidable, but quantifiable, risks of making the wrong conclusion.
Some hypothesis tests are more robust to deviations from certain underlying assumptions than others.
Hypothesis testing involves an evaluation of the causes of patterns and observations.
Hypothesis testing is available, as is the inclusion of design weights.
Hypothesis testing is equivalent to the geometrical concept of hypothesis negation.
Hypothesis testing is one of the most important concepts in Statistics.
Hypothesis testing is part of inferential statistics .
Hypothesis testing requires that the error terms ut also have the normal distribution.
A hypothesis is a proposal
Hypotheses abound on which species are likely to keep up with climate change.
Hypotheses are consistent with prior knowledge and research, and they are Testable.
Hypotheses are especially important in science .
Hypotheses are especially important in science.
Hypotheses are extremely useful in problem solving, and are essential in developing new theories.
Hypotheses are lullabies for teachers to sing their students to sleep.
Hypotheses are more specific than objectives, and amenable to explicit statistical evaluation.
Hypotheses are nothing new.
Hypotheses are possible causes.
Hypotheses are possible explanations for a research problem.
Hypotheses are potential generalizations.
Hypotheses are proposed and tested repeatedly over time by a number of scientists.
Hypotheses are really only educated guesses.
Hypotheses are revised and discarded all the time, just like any other field of empirical science.
Hypotheses are small questions.
Hypotheses are tentative explanations consciously based on logically insufficient arguments.
Hypotheses are tentative explanations for observations or solutions to problems.
Hypotheses are testable inferences.
Hypotheses are the scientific version of a question.
Hypotheses assert a relationship between an independent variable and a dependent variable.
Hypotheses become scientific theories.
Hypotheses become theories which become laws.
Hypotheses become theories.
Hypotheses can be directional or non-directional.
Hypotheses can slip from one category to the other.
Hypotheses clearly predict a relationship between variables.
Hypotheses come from all kinds of directions.
Hypotheses come from facts.
Hypotheses come from observations.
Hypotheses come in pairs, the null and alternative hypotheses.
Hypotheses concern effects.
Hypotheses concern principles.
Hypotheses concern variation.
Hypotheses deal with the ecological and immunopathological ramifications of the disease.
Hypotheses explain patterns.
Hypotheses focus on observations.
Hypotheses guide the search for information.
Hypotheses have evidence.
Hypotheses have much evidence.
Hypotheses lead to predictions.
Hypotheses make opposite predictions.
Hypotheses make predictions.
Hypotheses make senses.
Hypotheses offer biological evidence.
Hypotheses offer evidence.
Hypotheses offer explanations.
Hypotheses offer molecular biological evidence.
Hypotheses offer molecular evidence.
Hypotheses provide explanations.
Hypotheses provide genetic explanations.
Hypotheses range from overhunting by humans to rapid climate change or a mysterious virus.
Hypotheses range from rough play to sexual frustration.
Hypotheses reflect conditions.
Hypotheses reflect past experience with similar questions .
Hypotheses regarding the pathogenesis are speculative.
Hypotheses relate to production.
Hypotheses require assumptions.
Hypotheses require concepts.
Hypotheses require evidence.
Hypotheses suggest activities.
Hypotheses suggest benefits.
Hypotheses suggest methods.
Hypotheses suggest short term benefits.
Hypotheses suggest term benefits.
Hypotheses supported by multiple tests are stronger.
Hypotheses then make predictions and data are collected and analyzed to test the prediction.
Hypotheses to explain effects.
Hypotheses turn into theories which eventually become enshrined as laws.
Hypothesis are developed from observation and once tested can become theory.
Hypothesis Describe how the variables and the hypothesis derive from the research question.
Hypothesis implies speculation.
Hypothesis Investigate how rust can be prevented or reduced.
Hypothesis is a scientist's educated guess about an observation.
Hypothesis is a suggested answer to a well-defined scientific question.
Hypothesis is a tentative proposition that subject to verification through investigation.
Hypothesis is absolutely valid.
Hypothesis is an educated guess that can be tested through experimentation.
Hypothesis is an explanation for a question or problem that be formally tested.
Hypothesis is developed.
Hypothesis is incoherent and non-testable.
Hypothesis is related to hypothetical.
Hypothesis is too unspecific.
Hypothesis is very different.
Hypothesis isa proposal.
Hypothesis See above.
Hypothesis suggests experiment and experiment hypothesis in a never-ending virtuous circle.
Hypothesis testing about a one population mean.
Hypothesis testing The correlation coefficient is an estimate of the true population correlation.
Hypothesis tests Tests of hypotheses.
Hypothesises are concepts.
Hypothesises are part of theories.
Hypothesises are proposals.
Hypotheses always rest on underlying theories or paradigms.
All hypotheses are equal, but some are more equal than others.
All hypotheses are provisional.
Any hypothesis is accepted provisionally.
Every hypothesis concentrates on a particular aspect of the atherosclerotic process.
Every hypothesis has to be tested after the processes that are involved have occured.
Many hypotheses are possible.
Many hypotheses can account for speciation.
Many hypothesis exist.
Most hypotheses become scientific theories.
Most hypotheses become theories.
Most hypotheses come from facts.
Most hypotheses come from observations.
Most hypotheses explain patterns.
Most hypotheses focus on observations.
Most hypotheses have evidence.
Most hypotheses have much evidence.
Most hypotheses lead to predictions.
Most hypotheses make opposite predictions.
Most hypotheses make predictions.
Most hypotheses make senses.
Most hypotheses offer biological evidence.
Most hypotheses offer evidence.
Most hypotheses offer explanations.
Most hypotheses offer molecular biological evidence.
Most hypotheses offer molecular evidence.
Most hypotheses provide explanations.
Most hypotheses provide genetic explanations.
Most hypotheses reflect conditions.
Most hypotheses relate to production.
Most hypotheses require assumptions.
Most hypotheses require concepts.
Most hypotheses require evidence.
Most hypotheses suggest activities.
Most hypotheses suggest benefits.
Most hypotheses suggest methods.
Most hypotheses suggest short term benefits.
Most hypotheses suggest term benefits.
Some hypotheses apply to cultural orientations.
Some hypotheses apply to orientations.
Some hypotheses are clear and require no additional validation.
Some hypotheses are proposed by biologists.
Some hypotheses are proposed by evolutionary biologists.
Some hypotheses assume photosynthesis.
Some hypotheses attract attention.
Some hypotheses attract considerable attention.
Some hypotheses base on evidence.
Some hypotheses base on features.
Some hypotheses consist of assumptions as to the minute structure and operation of bodies.
Some hypotheses explain body size.
Some hypotheses explain evolution.
Some hypotheses explain features.
Some hypotheses explain size.
Some hypotheses have advantage.
Some hypotheses have alternation.
Some hypotheses have flaws.
Some hypotheses predict concentration.
Some hypotheses predict ranges.
Some hypotheses provide comprehensive frameworks.
Some hypotheses provide frameworks.
Some hypotheses provide pictures.
Some hypotheses receive attention.
Some hypotheses receive little attention.
Some hypotheses relate to distribution.
Some hypotheses relate to dominance.
Some hypotheses relate to infection.
Some hypotheses require experimental tests.
Some hypotheses require modification.
Some hypotheses require samples.
Some hypotheses require tests.
Some hypotheses suggest excretion.
Some hypotheses suggest food intake.
Some hypotheses suggest functions.
Some hypotheses suggest intake.
Some hypothesis are reasonable.
Some hypothesises are possible.
All hypothetical emendations seem to cause as many, or more, problems as they solve.
Hypothetical examples can easily become farcical.
Some hypothetical examples illustrate the problem.
A hypothetical imperative is a principle
Hypothetical imperatives are principles.
Hypothetical imperatives are rules one needs to follow for the attainment of some end.
Hypothetical imperatives are unproblematic.
All hypothetical imperatives say is that certain actions are useful for certain ends.
Hypothetical pricing is available.
Hypothetical problems can wait.
Hypothetical questions are attempts to guess the answer.
Hypothetical questions are very useful in clinical settings with children who are reluctant to talk.
Hypothetical questions develop critical-thinking skills.
Hypothetical questions get hypothetical answers.
Hypothetical scenarios are apt to be true.
Hypothetical scenarios can be dangerous because they have no boundaries and no basis in reality.
Some hypothetical scenarios follow.
Hypothetical setback distances based on facility size.
Hypothetical shows explore human issues and themes that emerge uniquely through character and story.
Hypothetical theories serve to justify the existence of the state, or of a certain kind of state.
Hypothyroid animals are often overweight, sometimes markedly so.
Hypothyroid babies are often large as newborn infants.
Hypothyroid disease is a common malady that affects dogs of all breeds.
Hypothyroid dogs are typically a little overweight.
Hypothyroid dogs lose weight easily once they start regular treatment with daily pills.
Some hypothyroid dogs have a mild anemia.
Hypothyroid patients can feel unusual fatigue or depression.
Hypothyroid symptoms can include lowered sex drive and fertility problems.
Hypothyroidism affects all cells in the body and the symptoms tend to worsen over time.
Hypothyroidism affects many systems in the body.
Hypothyroidism also causes proximal muscle weakness.
Hypothyroidism can also cause fatigue.
Hypothyroidism can also cause it.
Hypothyroidism can also lead to menstrual irregularity and infertility in women.
Hypothyroidism can also occur if a person has the thyroid removed due to surgery.
Hypothyroidism can also result in immune deficiency.
Hypothyroidism can be a problem, but can be treated with medication.
Hypothyroidism can be a progressive disease, requiring dosage increases over time.
Hypothyroidism can be due to glandular failure or to failure of the pituitary gland.
Hypothyroidism can be primary or secondary.
Hypothyroidism can be primary, secondary and tertiary.
Hypothyroidism can begin and progress slowly.
Hypothyroidism can cause annovulation and miscarriage.
Hypothyroidism can cause dullness, lethargy and aggression.
Hypothyroidism can cause hair loss.
Hypothyroidism can cause menstrual disorders if it develops in people of a younger age group.
Hypothyroidism can cause obstructive sleep apnea.
Hypothyroidism can effect hemostasis, or the ability to control bleeding.
Hypothyroidism can occur at any time from infancy through adulthood.
Hypothyroidism can occur due to many causes.
Hypothyroidism can occur in anyone.
Hypothyroidism can occur spontaneously, or it can develop after treatment for hyperthyroidism.
Hypothyroidism can occur.
Hypothyroidism causes a slowing down of the body's metabolism.
Hypothyroidism comes in several varieties.
Hypothyroidism decreases and hyperthyroidism increases the sensitivity to oral anticoagulants.
Hypothyroidism has a myriad of physical symptoms.
Hypothyroidism improves the stress response and modifies anxiety behavior in rats.
Hypothyroidism increases serotonin turnover and sympathetic activity in the adult rat.
Hypothyroidism induces fos-like immunoreactivity in ventral medullary neurons that synthesize trh.
Hypothyroidism inhibits the onset of puberty and delays menstrual periods.
Hypothyroidism involves the production of too little thyroid hormone.
Hypothyroidism is a common complication in laryngeal paralysis cases.
Hypothyroidism is a common disease of middle age and older dogs.
Hypothyroidism is a common endocrine disease affecting dogs.
Hypothyroidism is a condition common to several different breeds.
Hypothyroidism is a condition due to the deficiency of thyroid hormone secretion.
Hypothyroidism is a condition found throughout the world and is associated with low iodine intakes.
Hypothyroidism is a condition in which the levels of thyroid hormones in the blood are very low.
Hypothyroidism is a condition resulting from under-activity of the thyroid gland.
Hypothyroidism is a condition that results from an underactive thyroid.
Hypothyroidism is a conditon in which the thyroid gland is underactive.
Hypothyroidism is a disorder affecting the thyroid.
Hypothyroidism is a disorder of the thyroid gland.
Hypothyroidism is a genetic disease and is thought to be an autosomal recessive disorder.
Hypothyroidism is a lack or deficiency of thyroid hormone.
Hypothyroidism is a potential cause of a decreased period.
Hypothyroidism is a quagmire also.
Hypothyroidism is a rare cause of hypermagnesemia.
Hypothyroidism is a serious condition that is easily treated and resolved.
Hypothyroidism is a very common cause of miscarriages and infertility.
Hypothyroidism is adenosis
Hypothyroidism is an over-diagnosed disease.
Hypothyroidism is another cause of obesity and weight problems.
Hypothyroidism is another possible cause of dwarfism that can be treated through hormonal therapy.
Hypothyroidism is at least twice as common in women as it is in men.
Hypothyroidism is characterized by lethargy, weight gain, and drowsiness.
Hypothyroidism is controlled rather than cured, and lifetime therapy is necessary.
Hypothyroidism is diseases.
Hypothyroidism is more common in diabetics as well as females and present as hypothermia.
Hypothyroidism is more common than an overactive thyroid, and it becomes more common with age.
Hypothyroidism is more common than hyperthyroidism, especially among older women.
Hypothyroidism is most commonly due to an autoimmune mechanism.
Hypothyroidism is one of the most common causes of memory impairment.
Hypothyroidism is one of the most common endocrine diseases seen by primary care physicians.
Hypothyroidism is probably more common.
Hypothyroidism is rare after therapy.
Hypothyroidism is reported to cause depigmentation occasionally.
Hypothyroidism is the cause of many of the skin problems seen by veterinarians.
Hypothyroidism is the insufficient synthesis of the thyroid hormone.
Hypothyroidism is the more common disorder and can occur at any time.
Hypothyroidism is the most common endocrine disease in dogs.
Hypothyroidism is the most common endocrine disease of the dog.
Hypothyroidism is the most common endrocine disease affecting dogs.
Hypothyroidism is the most common thyroid condition.
Hypothyroidism is the most common thyroid disorder.
Hypothyroidism is the most common.
Hypothyroidism is the number one inherited disease of dogs in general.
Hypothyroidism is the result from any condition that results in thyroid hormone deficiency.
Hypothyroidism is too little hormone.
Hypothyroidism is treatable with medication.
Hypothyroidism is treated by giving thyroxine tablets.
Hypothyroidism is treated by thyroid replacement therapy.
Hypothyroidism is treated with drugs that replace thyroid hormones.
Hypothyroidism is treated with medication, in tablet form, as prescribed by the doctor.
Hypothyroidism is treated with oral doses of synthetic or natural hormone.
Hypothyroidism is underproduction or ineffectiveness of thyroid hormones.
Hypothyroidism is unusual following radioactive iodine therapy.
Hypothyroidism is unusual.
Hypothyroidism is very manageable.
Hypothyroidism is very rare in cats, especially naturally occuring cases.
Hypothyroidism occurs when the gland stops functioning and producing thyroid hormone.
Hypothyroidism occurs when the thyroid gland fails to produce enough thyroid hormones.
Hypothyroidism presents minimal underwriting concerns.
Hypothyroidism prolongs mitotic activity in the post-natal mouse brain.
Hypothyroidism requires simply the replacement of the missing thyroid hormones.
Hypothyroidism results from an inadequate supply of the thyroid hormone, thyroxine.
Hypothyroidism results from the impaired production and secretion of thyroid hormone.
Hypothyroidism seems to be linked to volatile organic pollutants.
Hypothyroidism seems to be on the rise in all dogs.
Hypothyroidism often produces muscle stiffness, muscle hypertrophy and aching.
Hypothyroidism usually develops gradually.
A hypotonia is a tone
Hypotonia can be a symptom of many different disorders.
Hypotonia can lead to poor suck as well as constipation.
Hypotonia evolves into spasticity and assistance with feeding becomes necessary.
Hypotonia is a common finding in cerebral palsy and other neuromuscular disorders.
Hypotonia is a symptom of many cerebral, spinal, genetic, or muscular diseases.
Hypotonia is an abnormally severe loss of muscle tone.
Hypotonia is basically floppiness in the muscles.
Hypotonia leads to delays in motor development.
Hypotonia means that that tone is decreased.
Hypotonia refers to reduced tension, relaxation, and loss of tone.
Hypotonias are tonicity.
Hypotonic conditions tend to improve with age.
Hypotonic solutions cause cells to swell, hypertonic solutions cause cells to shrink.
Hypotonic solutions result in cell swelling and poor fixation.
A hypotonicity is a tone
Hypotonicities are osmotic pressure.
Hypotonicity induces L-selectin shedding in human neutrophils.
Hypotonicity is a condition of having abnormally low tension or tone, especially of the muscles.
A hypovolemic shock is a shock
Hypovolemic shock can readily occur with severe fracture or concomitant vascular lacerations.
Hypovolemic shock causes blood vessels to constrict to increase venous return and maintain pressure.
Hypovolemic shock develops rapidly in more severely affected horses.
Hypovolemic shock is caused by a reduction in the volume of blood.
Hypovolemic shock is the result from blood or fluid loss.
Hypovolemic shocks are shocks.
Hypovolemic thirst occurs after an overall loss of body fluid.
Hypoxia accelerates the development of respiratory regulation in brine shrimp - but at a cost.
Hypoxia affects every person differently.
Hypoxia also impairs lymphocyte proliferation.
Hypoxia can lead to vasoconstriction of uterine blood flow to the fetus.
Hypoxia can modify normal behavior.
Hypoxia can occur in severe illness.
Hypoxia can result.
Hypoxia can, in turn, precipitate angina or tachycardia.
Hypoxia causes fragility of blood vessel cells and eventually tissue death, which is bruising.
Hypoxia causes hypothermia in most mammals via increased heat loss.
Hypoxia causes unconsciousness, possibly before the diver reaches the surface.
Hypoxia decreases lung neprilysin expression and increases pulmonary vascular leak.
Hypoxia decreases opioid receptor expression in mouse brain.
Hypoxia develops when a series of conditions occur together.
Hypoxia elicits new behaviors and arrests both development and the cell cycle.
Hypoxia increases bromodeoxyuridine labeling indices in bovine neonatal pulmonary arteries.
Hypoxia increases glutamine uptake and metabolism.
Hypoxia increases human keratinocyte motility on connective tissue.
Hypoxia increases human keratinocyte motility on connective tissues.
Hypoxia increases persistent sodium current in rat ventricular myocytes.
Hypoxia increases with altitude, and the retina of the eye is the first organ to be affected.
Hypoxia induces apoptosis in cultured third trimester trophoblasts.
Hypoxia inhibits l-arginine uptake by pulmonary artery endothelial cells.
Hypoxia inhibits nitric oxide synthesis in isolated rabbit lung.
Hypoxia is a condition defined by a low supply of oxygen.
Hypoxia is a condition of decreased levels of dissolved oxygen in the bottom waters.
Hypoxia is a condition of low dissolved oxygen occurring in vital Gulf of Mexico fisheries.
Hypoxia is a condition that is present in the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana.
Hypoxia is a deficiency of oxygen at the tissue level.
Hypoxia is a drive
Hypoxia is a lack of oxygen in the blood.
Hypoxia is a lack of oxygen in the body that prevents it from functioning properly.
Hypoxia is a more potent vasodilator than carbon dioxide in the coronary circulation.
Hypoxia is a state of decreased oxygen availability.
Hypoxia is a universal finding during acute attacks.
Hypoxia is an increasing problem worldwide.
Hypoxia is an insufficient amount of oxygen.
Hypoxia is associated with postoperative sleep disturbance.
Hypoxia is both a cause and effect of sickling and becomes part of a vicious cycle.
Hypoxia is caused by excessive discharges of nitrogen.
Hypoxia is drives.
Hypoxia is known to be one of the commonest physiological stress to which the neonates are exposed.
Hypoxia is one way to stop tumors from growing.
Hypoxia is relieved and the swelling decreases.
Hypoxia is the best predictor of severe illness and correlates best with the degree of tachypnea.
Hypoxia is the condition of low dissolved oxygen levels in water.
Hypoxia is the effects of an insufficient supply of oxygen to the body.
Hypoxia is the equivalent of drunken driving.
Hypoxia is the loosing of oxygen content in organs, resulting in wrinkles.
Hypoxia is the main contributor to high-altitude illness.
Hypoxia is the main stress that all animals, including humans, encounter at high altitudes.
Hypoxia is the most immediate problem following a decompression.
Hypoxia is the primary problem.
Hypoxia is the result.
Hypoxia is when water has little to no dissolved oxygen in it.
Hypoxia leads to appetite suppression.
Hypoxia means an absence of oxygen reaching living tissues.
Hypoxia modulates neutrophil transepithelial migration.
Hypoxia occurs nationwide and is present in over half of our major estuaries.
Hypoxia occurs when a person is deprived of oxygen, resulting in poor judgment and reaction time.
Hypoxia occurs when the dissolved oxygen level in water is too low to sustain life.
Hypoxia reduces airway epithelial sodium transport in rats.
Hypoxia refers to water with low DO levels and anoxia refers to water with no DO levels.
Hypoxia regulates gene expression of alveolar epithelial transport proteins.
Hypoxia results from a combination of natural and human-influenced factors.
Hypoxia stimulates expression of urokinase receptor in human breast and lung carcinoma cells.
Hypoxia stimulates inflammatory cytokine production by the human term placenta.
Hypoxia tends to be more severe than the child's clinical appearance suggests.
Hypoxia tends to be more severe than the clinical appearance of the child suggests.
Hypoxia tends to be overlooked until higher-level ecosystem effects are manifested.
Hypoxia upregulates xanthine oxidase in synovial endothelial cells.
Hypoxic cells are resistant to radiotherapy and often to chemotherapy.
Hypoxic conditions stress marine plants and animals.
HYPP horses have a defective sodium ion channel in the muscle cell membrane.
HYPP horses require special management.
Hypsodont teeth are long-lasting because they develop a greater depth to be worn down.
Hypsodont teeth are tall and continue to erupt from the gum after forming.
A hypsometer is an altimeter
Hypsometers are instruments foresters use to measure tree heights.
A hyrax is a mammal
Hyrax isa mammal.
Hyrax live in rock crevices.
Hyraxes are active and agile despite their heavy build.
Hyraxes are active and quite agile, running up steep, smooth rock surfaces with ease.
Hyraxes are also highly social animals.
Hyraxes are comparable in size and external appearances to rodents and rabbits .
Hyraxes are fairly clean animals and the entire hyrax herd uses a common area as a latrine.
Hyraxes are one to two feet long and weigh three to fourteen pounds.
Hyraxes are preyed upon by leopards, pythons, large birds, caracals, servals and civets.
Hyraxes are rabbit-sized mammals that look like rodents.
Hyraxes are seasonal breeders and births within the same colony are synchronized.
Hyraxes are small and solidly built with a short stump for a tail.
Hyraxes are small rodents that are located in Africa and regions in Asia.
Hyraxes are small, herbivorous mammals that have survived through the ice ages to the modern day.
Hyraxes are unique in that the iris slightly protrudes over the pupil of their eye.
Hyraxes are very adaptable.
Hyraxes are well-furred rotund creatures with a short tail .
Hyraxes are well-furred rotund creatures with a short tail.
Hyraxes can live for nine to twelve years.
Hyraxes differ in colour based on species and on the environments that they are found in.
Hyraxes disperse over a distance of at least one to two miles.
Hyraxes do most of their screaming as they ascend or descend trees during the night.
Hyraxes feed mostly on the ground and eat leaves, grass, small plants, and berries.
Hyraxes feed on a diet that consists largely of leaves, bark, and grass.
Hyraxes feed on a wide variety of plants, grasses, fruits and berries.
Hyraxes feed on grass.
Hyraxes feed on seeds, fruit, and leaves, and in large numbers can be serious agricultural pests.
Hyraxes have (part) brains.
Hyraxes have (part) breasts.
Hyraxes have (part) cell membranes.
Hyraxes have (part) cells.
Hyraxes have (part) chest cavities.
Hyraxes have (part) chests.
Hyraxes have (part) corpi.
Hyraxes have (part) cytoplasm.
Hyraxes have (part) ears.
Hyraxes have (part) faces.
Hyraxes have (part) heads.
Hyraxes have (part) nuclei.
Hyraxes have (part) pedal extremities.
Hyraxes have (part) piluses.
Hyraxes have (part) plasma membranes.
Hyraxes have (part) rib cages.
Hyraxes have (part) sections.
Hyraxes have (part) skulls.
Hyraxes have (part) sterna.
Hyraxes have (part) vacuoles.
Hyraxes have (part) vertebrate feet.
Hyraxes have a poor ability to regulate body temperature and a low metabolic rate.
Hyraxes have a short snout, a cleft upper lip, short ears, and short, sturdy legs.
Hyraxes have acute sight and hearing.
Hyraxes have close relatives.
Hyraxes have definite breeding periods that vary with the geographic location.
Hyraxes have eyelids.
Hyraxes have incisors.
Hyraxes have legs.
Hyraxes have long hairs scattered over their bodies.
Hyraxes have long necks.
Hyraxes have necks.
Hyraxes have point snouts.
Hyraxes have poor internal temperature regulation.
Hyraxes have relatives.
Hyraxes have short legs.
Hyraxes have snouts.
Hyraxes have stomachs.
Hyraxes have thick, dense fur and a rotund body.
Hyraxes have three toes on their hind feet.
Hyraxes inhabit a range that includes sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East.
Hyraxes make a variety of vocalizations including whistles, chips, chatters, and other sounds.
Hyraxes mate once a year.
Hyraxes produce sound.
Hyraxes reach maturity.
Hyraxes reach sexual maturity.
Hyraxes rely on speed to flee danger, using the tips of their expanded toes for running.
Hyraxes share ancestors.
Hyraxes share features.
Hyraxes share numerous features.
Hyraxes spend most of their time resting in large huddles or basking alone.
Hyraxes survive years.
Hyraxes tend to eat mostly leaves, twigs, fruit, bark and grass.
Hyraxes travel on the sole of the foot, with the heel touching the ground, or partly on the digits.
Hyraxes use grunts, wails, squeals, snorts, twitters, growls, whistles, and shrieks to communicate.
Hyraxs are placentals.
All hyraxes are preyed on by eagles, lions, leopards, jackals, hyenas, and snakes.
Most hyraxes feed on grass.
Most hyraxes have close relatives.
Most hyraxes have eyelids.
Most hyraxes have incisors.
Most hyraxes have legs.
Most hyraxes have long necks.
Most hyraxes have necks.
Most hyraxes have point snouts.
Most hyraxes have relatives.
Most hyraxes have short legs.
Most hyraxes have snouts.
Most hyraxes produce sound.
Most hyraxes reach maturity.
Most hyraxes reach sexual maturity.
Most hyraxes share numerous features.
Some hyraxes defend territory.
Some hyraxes eat grass.
Some hyraxes escape heat.
Some hyraxes feed on leaves.
Some hyraxes have ability.
Some hyraxes have broad distribution.
Some hyraxes have distribution.
Some hyraxes have habits.
Some hyraxes have muzzles.
Some hyraxes have noses.
Some hyraxes have teeth.
Some hyraxes inhabit areas.
Some hyraxes inhabit rocky areas.
Some hyraxes live in areas.
Some hyraxes live in rocky areas.
Some hyraxes live in same areas.
Some hyraxes make noise.
Some hyraxes occupy habitats.
Some hyraxes produce urine.
Some hyraxes resemble rodents.
Hysan pigments are very good in covering.
A hyssop is a herb
Hyssop can relieve lungs or mucous and bacteria that block bronchial tubes.
Hyssop can sooth the digestive tract and mucous membranes offering relief for sore throats.
Hyssop likewise increases the vine crop.
Hyssops are herbs.
Hyssops are part of hyssops.
Hysterectomies are a very normal procedure, but they are an invasion of women's health.
Hysterectomies are generally routine, and mortality or severe problems after the surgery are few.
Hysterectomies are the most common surgical procedure performed in the United States.
Hysterectomy is ablation
Hysterectomy is ablation.
Hysterectomy is surgical treatments.
Hysteresis effects are present in the frequency response curves.
Hysteresis loss is relative to compression readings.
Hysteresis has a considerable influence in governing the dimensional stability of paper.
Hysteresis is a physical phenomenon
Hysteresis is physical phenomenons.
Hysteresis occurs because the domain re-organisation lags behind the changes in the applied field.
Hysteresis provides a memory of the transition and therefore shifts the threshold voltage.
Hysteria can start for no reason.
Hysteria is a discourse, and like every discourse it implies two partners.
Hysteria is a form of degeneracy.
Hysteria is a riddle, and remains a riddle.
Hysteria is a syndrome, fairly or unfairly, associated predominantly with hormone-battling ladies.
Hysteria is also irrational, but it is short-term.
Hysteria is an elementary effect of language.
Hysteria is at the same time a falling apart into many pieces, an ecstasy, and a personal exorcism.
Hysteria is confusing and upsetting to many dispatchers.
Hysteria is definitely out.
Hysteria is extreme reaction to inability to handle situations.
Hysteria is fear
Hysteria is fear.
Hysteria is in progress.
Hysteria is linked to imbalances of both, vata dosha and rajas guna.
Hysteria is neurosis.
Hysteria is part of everyday life.
Hysteria is the Greek word for womb.
Hysteria is unwarranted.
Hysteria is up, but school crime and violence are down.
Hysteria soon rules.
Much hysteria is attributed to Internet cookies.
All hysteric attacks are accompanied by an inability to think rationally with a clear mind.
A hysteric is a sufferer
Hysterics are notorious for their histrionic talents and for their apparent sincerity.
Hysterics makes lumps.
Hysterical belly laughs.
Hysterical fits are psychogenic, while convulsions are organic.
Hysterical laughter followed by a swift termination seems the more likely response.
Hysterical laughter helps to break the monotony of the day.
Hysterical neuroses are repressive, where the repressed emotion is visible.
Hysterical neurosis is neurosis
Hysterical patients hyperventilate.
Hysterical people are typically imaginative, often with well-developed emotional intuition.
Hysterical propaganda is bad.
Hysterical sensationalism is the poorest weapon wherewith to fight for lasting righteousness.
Hysteroscopic resection is very efficient in removing normal endomyometrium, polyps, and fibroids.
Hysteroscopic surgery is used to evaluate and correct any uterine factor.
Hytrex filters can also offer effective protection for high-pressure spray nozzles.
Hyundai vehicles have decent design, but a few are more utilitarian.
IAAP members receive special discounts on certification study materials and resources.
IAAP membership represents excellent value for money.
IAEA inspectors say there are German fingerprints on much of Iraq's nuclear technology.
Iaijutsu duels work differently than general combat.
Iambic pentameter is a form of poetry with five pairs of syllables in each line.
Iambic pentameter is an architectural term.
Iambic pentameter is one of the most popular types of meter.
Iambic tetrameter has four such feet, for a total of eight syllables.
An iambic is a verse
Iambics are verses.
Iambics have two syllables.
Iambics march from short to long.
IAPO staff are relatively young and retirement or early retirement is unlikely.
IASA textbooks are the definitive, authoritative works for the insurance industry.
IASW Things go here, narcissism and exhibitionism.
IATE gateways embrace advancements in communications, networking, and operating system technologies.
IATE gateways simplify operations.
Iatrogenic anemia induced by myelosuppressive drugs is also common.
Iatrogenic cases are extremely rare.
Iatrogenic disease can be due to many factors.
Iatrogenic diseases pose a major threat to health throughout the world.
Iatrogenic dissection stems from arterial catheterization and cardiovascular surgical procedures.
Iatrogenic effects are damage or illness conditions caused by the treatment.
Iatrogenic illnesses are one of the commonest examples.
Iatrogenic injuries cause the majority of the problems seen.
Iatrogenic injury continues to be a significant public health problem.
Iatrogenic transmission is also possible through blood transfusion or blood-contaminated fomites.
Iatrogenic trauma is an increasingly frequent cause due to subclavian venous catheterization.
Iban religion revolves around augury, omens, and rice.
Ibaraki prefecture is also one of the foremost area for vegetables and fruits.
IBC formation explodes upwards after the new laws put in place.
Most IBC patients have radiation to the chest wall after surgery and chemotherapy.
IBEP staff follow the growth rates, feed conversion, and carcass value of every offspring.
Iberian genius comes to the Web.
Iberian lynx are solitary carnivores that exhibit metapopulation social structure.
Iberian lynx pose little threat to agriculture or the small game industry.
Iberian lynxes eat european rabbits.
Iberian lynxes eat rabbits.
Iberian lynxes have a distinctly spotted coat.
Iberian lynxes have skulls.
Most iberian lynxes eat european rabbits.
Most iberian lynxes eat rabbits.
Most iberian lynxes have skulls.
Some iberian lynxes have natural predators.
Some iberian lynxes have predators.
Some iberian lynxes have time.
Some iberian lynxes prefer scrub vegetation.
IBEW locals have health and welfare plans with dependent coverage.
Ibex males use scent to communicate with potential mates.
Ibex motifs are very common on cylinder seals and pottery, both painted and embossed.
An ibex is a wild goat
Ibex isa goat.
Ibexes abound and the waterfalls and pools are perfect for bathing.
Ibexes are herbivores and rely mainly on grass, flowers, twigs and moss to survive.
Ibexes eat just grass and some other plants.
Ibexes live in parts of Europe, Asia, and Africa and make their homes in various mountain ranges.
Ibexs are classified with animals.
Ibexs belong to genus.
Ibexs have (part) brains.
Ibexs have (part) breasts.
Ibexs have (part) cannon bones.
Ibexs have (part) cell membranes.
Ibexs have (part) cells.
Ibexs have (part) chest cavities.
Ibexs have (part) chests.
Ibexs have (part) corpi.
Ibexs have (part) cytoplasm.
Ibexs have (part) ears.
Ibexs have (part) faces.
Ibexs have (part) heads.
Ibexs have (part) hip sockets.
Ibexs have (part) hoofs.
Ibexs have (part) horns.
Ibexs have (part) nuclei.
Ibexs have (part) piluses.
Ibexs have (part) plasma membranes.
Ibexs have (part) rib cages.
Ibexs have (part) second stomachs.
Ibexs have (part) sections.
Ibexs have (part) skulls.
Ibexs have (part) sterna.
Ibexs have (part) vacuoles.
Ibexs have distribution.
Ibexs have groom habits.
Ibexs have habits.
Ibexs have heads.
Ibexs have structures.
Ibexs have unique structures.
Ibexs inhabit mountain terrains.
Ibexs inhabit mountainsides.
Ibexs inhabit rocky mountainsides.
Ibexs inhabit steep mountain terrains.
Ibexs inhabit steep terrains.
Ibexs inhabit terrains.
Ibexs live in mountains.
Ibexs live on mountainsides.
Ibexs occupy regions.
Ibexs occur in mountains.
Ibexs sense danger.
Ibi kindergarten is blessed with nature.
Ibis program supplies helpful guidelines for selection, use, and exhibition.
Ibis sketch offers most unusual opportunities for voice acting.
Ibis trip has it all.
An ibis is a wader
Ibises are animals.
Ibises are birds.
Ibises shake triangular beaks as they walk, pecking at pears, ferns, a third of a revolution.
Ibises usually live near water.
Ibises usually roost in temporary communal roosts located near feeding grounds.
Every ibis is a bird.
Most ibises are colonial nesters, and sites can include many thousands of birds.
Ibotenic acid is decarboxylated in vivo to muscimol.
Ibotenic acid is found in A. cothurnata , A. muscaria var.
Ibotenic acid is present only in fresh mushrooms.
IBT researcher looks for genetic clues to spina bifida.
Ibuprofen isa medication.
Most IC patients have difficulties obtaining a diagnosis at all.
Most IC patients have difficulty obtaining a diagnosis.
Most IC patients seem to be aware of their pain daily.
ICs also maintain their own review personnel and committees .
ICs are designed for different purposes .
ICs are designed for different purposes.
ICs are masters of their economic fate.
ICs are the major building blocks of modern electronic systems.
ICs are the major building blocks of today's computers.
ICs are the primary electronic components used in ALL electronic equipment.
ICs are to be preferably supplied in reels.
ICs can do many things.
ICs get no such benefits.
ICs have the flexibility to determine the reporting requirements of adverse events.
ICs measure the correlation between ranked composite scores and ranked subsequent total return.
ICs pay no taxes in Vanuatu.
ICs tend to have more flexibility concerning work hours, resources and location.
All ICs are standard ICs.
Most ICs bask in the freedom that comes from being in business for themselves.
Most ICs enjoy the freedom that comes from being in business for themselves.
Some ICs have great difficulty getting their clients to pay on time or at all.
ICA acrylics offer a good pot life and excellent adhesion.
ICA staff are in the kitchen of the new pre-school building.
ICA staff break the ground to expose rich soil for the palm and cashew nursery beds.
ICA technology is available worldwide to qualified manufacturers.
ICBC claims can quickly become complex and technical.
Some ICBC customers live outside a postal code area.
ICCP certifications exhibit comprehension and knowledge of stringent industry fundamentals.
ICCR members coordinate their actions to optimize the voice with which they speak on an issue.
ICCR members tend to stick with issues for several years.
ICDP members pose in front of the drill rig.
Ice accretion refers to a deposition of ice on the ship superstructure or exposed surfaces.
An ice age is geologic time
Ice age ends.
Ice age is a period in the earth's history when ice sheets cover vast regions of land.
Ice age is characterized by many glacial expansions separated by warmer interglacial intervals.
Ice age sediments record orbital climatic influences.
Ice ages are part of prehistories.
Ice ages are periods.
Ice ages are prominent examples .
Ice ages are prominent examples.
Ice ages are when the world becomes much colder for a long time .
Ice ages are when the world becomes much colder for a long time.
Ice ages arrive slowly, too, but they change everything.
Ice ages come and go on a regularly basis.
Ice ages come and go.
Ice ages lead to extinction.
Ice ages seem to occur during periods when summers in the Northern Hemisphere are cooler.
Most ice ages lead to extinction.
Ice algas grow on undersides.
Ice algae are an important component of the Antarctic ecosystem.
Ice algae are an important component of the Arctic marine food web.
Ice algae are small plants attached to sea ice.
Ice aprons have ice movement in the form of internal deformation and basal slip.
Ice arena is available for rental.
Ice arena uses the adjacent parking lot.
Ice avalanches can be devastating and very dangerous.
An ice axe is an edge tool
Ice axe is shown for scale.
Ice axes are useful things.
Ice axes have either a metal or fiberglass shaft.
Ice axes have many uses.
Ice baths cool a victim quickly but require large amount of ice to be effective.
Ice beer is beer that has reportedly been fermented a nearly freezing temperatures.
Ice beers are popular in Australia and North America.
Most ice beers contain more alcohol than normal ale's or lagers.
Ice bergs are major tourist attractions in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Ice bergs can also carry sediment far out to sea.
Some ice blocks are bigger than elephants.
Ice blue creates a different character than sky blue.
Ice boats are watercraft.
Ice boats can sail up to five times the speed of the wind.
Ice breakers are important to increase comfort with the technology.
Ice breakers keep the port open during the winter months.
Ice candles are easy to make, and best of all, cost next to nothing.
An ice cap is a formation
Ice caps are either in a circular or an oval shape.
Ice caps are smaller, non-valley glaciers.
Ice caps come and go from the polar regions as the seasons change.
Ice caps melt back b.
Ice caps melt, dodos become extinct, and rock overpowers the unsuspecting pop hook.
Ice caps see no rain at all, making Antarctica the world's driest continent.
Ice caps tend to be slightly dome-shaped and spread out from their center.
Ice Carvings are available with two week notice.
Ice carvings make a spectacular centerpiece to add to the ambiance of any event.
Ice castles lose their glow.
Ice caves are a little chilly to spend the night in.
Ice caves can also be caves in rock which have a temperature below freezing all year.
Ice caves can form under glaciers.
Ice caves can occur in glaciers.
Ice caves do collapse.
Ice caves form in glaciers and icebergs when ice melts and freezes.
An ice chest is a household appliance
Ice chests are handy.
Ice chests pose the same danger.
Ice chests rely solely on ice to cool the machine's contents.
Some ice chests fill with food.
Ice chips appear to cool the mouth and provide hydration.
Ice chips work well.
Ice climbers tackle numerous different types of ice climbing problems.
Ice climbers use special equipment like ice axes, ropes and crampons to climb ice and glaciers.
Ice climbers use two essential tools to ascend ice crampons and ice axes.
Ice climbers wear helmets, without exception.
Ice climbing are climbing.
Ice climbing are outdoor activities.
Ice climbing are recreational activities.
Ice climbing attracts world-class athletes to take a peek at the mountain tops.
Ice climbing becomes dominant in the winter months.
Ice climbing comes in all levels.
Ice Climbing involves cold, water and ice on the vertical.
Ice Climbing is a technical activity involving the use of ice axes and crampons.
Ice climbing is an esoteric sport.
Ice climbing is an inherently dangerous activity.
Ice climbing is as much a mental endeavor as it is a physical sport.
Ice climbing is available to real thrillseekers in the foothills.
Ice climbing is awesome.
Ice climbing is still a relatively young sport, but in recent years it's been gaining popularity.
Ice climbing offers more danger than traditional rock climbing.
Ice climbing requires much different gear and technique than rock climbing.
Ice clouds appear dark.
Ice clouds are composed of ice crystals, the most notable being cirrus clouds and ice fog .
Ice cold makes a good desert.
Ice conditions are difficult to judge when the ice is covered with snow.
Ice conditions are ever-changing which adds to the challenge.
Ice conditions are extremely dangerous, if there is any ice at all.
Ice conditions are poor on the back waters of the Mississippi River.
Ice conditions are poor, and seasons have closed.
Ice conditions are reportedly safe.
Ice conditions are still good and most lakes are still driveable.
Ice conditions are still unsafe in some areas and caution is urged when traveling on the ice.
Ice conditions are still very good, with three feet of ice on most lakes.
Ice conditions are very poor.
Ice conditions can vary greatly with a temperature change as small as one degree.
Ice conditions can vary widely.
Ice conditions change rapidly in early and late season or during warm weather.
Ice conditions look like it is going to be very good.
Ice conditions occur in the winter.
Ice conditions play an important role in ice-related deaths.
Ice conditions remain good throughout the area.
Ice conditions remain good.
Ice conditions vary and can be dangerous.
Ice conditions vary depending upon the weather.
Ice conditions vary from lake to lake.
Ice conditions vary greatly - be careful.
Ice control is performed whenever necessary.
Ice cores arrive by refrigerator truck from a California port, wrapped in insulated boxes.
Ice cores contain a detailed record of our Earth's climate history.
Ice cores drilled from the Greenland ice sheet contain a record of climate change.
Ice cores drilled through several kilometres of ice can provide the longer perspective.
Ice cores hold a climate record that is as old as the ice field from which they are taken.
Ice cores hold an amazingly detailed record of Earth's climate.
Ice cores offer important clues to Earth's past climate.
Ice cores provide a wealth of information on the past climate.
Ice cores provide ice properties as a function of depth.
Ice cores provide proxy climate data reaching back many tens of thousands of years.
Ice cores provide valuable evidence concerning the duration of ice ages.
Ice cores taken from large ice sheets provide information on changes in the climate.
Some ice cores contain nitrate.
Ice cover appears to be the decisive factor in the distribution of most white whale stocks.
Ice cover is complete for about nine months of the year and is predominantly landfast ice .
Ice cover is extensive in severe winters, but of only local importance in normal winters.
Ice cover is now thick making drilling holes a job.
Ice cover prevents further evaporation from the lake surface.
Ice covers make the problems.
Ice cream arrives hard enough to bend a spoon.
Ice cream becomes a quick dessert when maple syrup is served warm over ice cream.
Ice cream buckets with lids can hold several small toys together and be hung on pegs.
Ice cream cakes for special occasions.
Ice cream can be a refreshing source of calcium during the summer months.
Ice cream can be anything frozen and creamy.
Ice cream can make almost anyone feel better.
Ice cream chills the fervor of spiritual life .
Ice cream comes from milk or cream based mixtures.
Ice cream comes in many varieties.
Ice cream comes to Charles Village.
Ice cream cones out front in season.
Ice cream contains a lot of cholesterol.
Ice cream contains many nutrients.
Ice cream dates, ballet recitals and hand-drawn pictures on the fridge.
Ice cream floats.
Ice cream gets icy when it's repeatedly softened and refrozen.
Ice cream goes straight to the rear, and only weekend athletes replace electrolytes with Bud.
Ice cream goes through that band like crazy.
Ice cream has air incorporated into it during the freezing process.
Ice cream has calcium.
Ice cream Has many nutrients but is full of sugar and fats.
Ice cream helps.
Ice cream is a better choice than corn flakes.
Ice cream is a concentrated form of the milk from lactating female cows.
Ice cream is a dangerous product, as well.
Ice cream is a delightful frozen confection made with milk, cream and sugar as the main ingredients.
Ice cream is a favorite of most young people.
Ice cream is a foam with air-bubbles in a continuous matrix of sugar and fat.
Ice cream is a frozen novelty enjoyed by many.
Ice cream is a good source of calcium.
Ice cream is a great business.
Ice cream is a great snack right before bed.
Ice cream is a mixture of milk, sugar, cream, flavoring and stabilizer.
Ice cream is a popular alternative.
Ice cream is a popular snacks in summer's sultry weather.
Ice cream is a tricky area to but as low fat.
Ice cream is a whipped product and traditionally contains a good amount of air.
Ice cream is a world treat, one with colorful origins.
Ice cream is about half air.
Ice cream is almost everyone's favorite summer treat.
Ice cream is also a national favorite among children of all ages.
Ice cream is also available, in plain vanilla, chocolate, or praline pecan.
Ice cream is also avaliable by the cup or cone.
Ice cream is also plentiful.
Ice cream is also quite popular in Egypt.
Ice cream is an exception.
Ice cream is big business in Indiana.
Ice cream is blended with instant cocoa mix, milk and crushed chocolate cookies.
Ice cream is capable of melts.
Ice cream is colder than ice.
Ice cream is dairy products.
Ice cream is dessert.
Ice cream is eaten with a small spoon.
Ice cream is enjoyed by all cultures, even in Nepal.
Ice cream is extra.
Ice cream is food.
Ice cream is frozen dessert
Ice cream is frozen dessert.
Ice cream is frozen food.
Ice cream is fun, and so is dating.
Ice cream is fun, and that's what romance is all about.
Ice cream is good on hot days.
Ice cream is good too.
Ice cream is good.
Ice cream is great, except for that whole melting thing.
Ice cream is included in the ride fee.
Ice cream is just what it takes to refresh the senses.
Ice cream is located in freezers.
Ice cream is located in movies.
Ice cream is located in parties.
Ice cream is made from soy and is therefore vegan as well as being low cholesterol and low in fat.
Ice cream is made from whole milk and cream so it is high in fat and cholesterol.
Ice cream is made up of matter.
Ice cream is mixture.
Ice cream is often risky in developing countries since power cuts make it difficult to store safely.
Ice cream is on sale, that is on the list too.
Ice cream is out as well.
Ice cream is probably a fairly common cause as well .
Ice cream is probably kids' favorite dairy product.
Ice cream is produced in half gallon squares, five quart pails and three gallon buckets.
Ice cream is purchased with lunch.
Ice cream is served on the side to provide contrasting flavors and temperatures.
Ice cream is served upstairs in the back.
Ice cream is sold at every corner and on the coldest days.
Ice cream is solid food.
Ice cream is solid, root beer is liquid, air bubbles are gas.
Ice cream is sweet, but the politics of ice cream can be awfully bitter.
Ice cream is tasty food.
Ice cream is tasty, but it tends to be high in fat, sugar and calories.
Ice cream is the answer.
Ice cream is the favorite of all.
Ice cream is the hardest to give up.
Ice cream is the largest user of natural vanilla, accounting for nearly half of demand.
Ice cream is the national dish.
Ice cream is the product that drives the profitability.
Ice cream is thought to have originated in China, with snow likely used as the base.
Ice cream is very big.
Ice cream is.
Ice cream mixes.
Ice cream remains one of the world's most popular treats, no matter what the weather.
Ice cream represents our humanity.
Ice cream scoops for jobs, cherries for names.
Ice cream scoops stored in stagnant water at room temperature.
Ice cream seems to be making a comeback in the neighborhood.
Ice cream sodas made with root beer deserve an honorable mention.
Ice cream stands, fruit stands, as well as craft booths can be found all over the city center.
Ice cream sundays, Banana splits.
Ice cream tastes good.
Ice creams are all house-made.
Ice creams come in the same flavor topped with hot chocolate.
All ice cream is good.
All ice cream is produced in-house to ensure the premium quality.
Many ice creams contain fruits.
Most ice cream contains more milk protein weight for weight than is present in milk itself.
Some ice cream freeze more smoothly than others in a refrigerator.
Some ice cream is flavored with peanut butter.
Some ice cream uses ice cream salt.
Some ice cream uses salt.
Some ice creams are a mixture of two or more ice creams.
Ice crystal has sides.
Ice crystal is crystal
Ice crystal is crystal.
Ice crystal is part of precipitation.
Ice crystal reflects sunlight.
Ice crystals are basically hexagonal prisms, like a section of pencil cut square on both ends.
Ice crystals are nuclated by snow, ice fog, and stuff in the water.
Ice crystals are responsible for various atmospheric optics displays.
Ice crystals are so small that they seem to be suspended in air.
Ice crystals are tiny sprinkles that sparkle in the sunshine like diamond dust and hang in the air.
Ice crystals begin to create small punctures in cell walls.
Ice crystals begin to form a solid lattice with higher cohesion between molecules.
Ice crystals break down flavor and meat texture.
Ice crystals can cause dispersion.
Ice crystals can grow in cracks of rocks.
Ice crystals can then nucleate, grow, and precipitate.
Ice crystals fall from cold clouds.
Ice crystals form and disrupt their cellular and molecular structure.
Ice crystals form and they grow at the expense of the super cooled water drops.
Ice crystals form beneath the skin and become interspersed among the body's skeletal muscles.
Ice crystals form easily around the bacteria.
Ice crystals form in cells.
Ice crystals form in the skin cells and the rest of the skin remains flexible.
Ice crystals form in the spaces surrounding the body cells and damage the skin as the cells freeze.
Ice crystals form inside the skin.
Ice crystals grow as thin hexagonal plates or long hexagonal columns, depending on temperature.
Ice crystals grow at the expense of cloud droplets until they are large enough to fall.
Ice crystals grow on all parts of the crystal.
Ice crystals hang in the air like diamond dust.
Ice crystals have a single preferred plane of easy deformation, defined by the C-axis.
Ice crystals have a very strong plastic anisotropy.
Ice crystals have sharp edges that act like glass.
Ice crystals occur at very low temperatures in a stable atmosphere.
Ice crystals resist evaporation.
Ice crystals retard or stop the flow of the refrigerant, causing loss of cooling.
Ice crystals rupture cell walls.
Ice crystals serve as a perch for chlorine, which destroys the ozone molecules.
Ice crystals sparkle in it while the surface snow powder glistens.
Ice crystals sparkle in the air, above snow carved into long ridges by the wind.
Ice crystals stop the flow.
Ice crystals turn living organisms, like fruit or vegetables, to mush.
Most ice crystal has sides.
Most ice crystal reflects sunlight.
Some ice crystal falls as rain.
Some ice crystal falls as snow.
Some ice crystal has shapes.
Some ice crystal has unique shapes.
Some ice crystal is part of downpours.
Some ice crystal is part of drizzle.
Some ice crystal is part of flurries.
Some ice crystal is part of hails.
Some ice crystal is part of precipitation.
Some ice crystal is part of rain.
Some ice crystal is part of rainfall.
Some ice crystal is part of rainstorm.
Some ice crystal is part of sleet.
Some ice crystal is part of snow.
Some ice crystal is part of snowfall.
An ice cube is a block
Ice Cube Has potential.
Ice cube is shown floating in water with one side above and parallel to the water surface.
Ice cube trays in the freezer, or glass jar with screw top in the refrigerator.
Ice cube trays work well for egg whites too.
Ice cube trays work well for egg whites.
Ice cubes are a common household item which exemplify the thermoplastic principle.
Ice cubes are another best choice for treating prickly heat caused due to hot and humid temperature.
Ice cubes are blocks.
Ice cubes are clear out of the ice maker.
Ice cubes are cubes.
Ice cubes are frozen water.
Ice cubes are ice.
Ice cubes are located in freezers.
Ice cubes are located in glass.
Ice cubes are made by filling a tray with water and putting it in a freezer .
Ice cubes are made by filling a tray with water and putting it in a freezer.
Ice cubes are people.
Ice cubes are very rare here.
Ice cubes can also serve as a ready supply of safe water in emergency situations.
Ice cubes can be effective because they are ingesting fluid.
Ice cubes can be white instead of clear in appearance when made with hard water.
Ice cubes float on water because they are lighter than the water.
Ice cubes melt in liquid water.
Ice cubes pick it up easily.
Ice Cubes See how fast different sized ice cubes melt.
Ice cubes seem to give the best delta-T without risking damage to the engine.
Every ice cube costs the owner money.
Some ice cubes have benefits.
Ice dam describes the formation of ice along a roof's edge.
Ice dams are a wrath that nature has in store, if the right conditions are met.
Ice dams are another winter hazard that strike indiscriminately.
Ice dams are common wherever roofs can receive heavy snow buildups.
Ice dams are most common in northern climates.
Ice dams are most current in northern climates that are subject to heavy snow buildups on roofs.
Ice dams can be nightmares, potentially causing extensive water damage to their victim's homes.
Ice dams can cause a variety of problems.
Ice dams can lead to damaged ceilings and roof decks.
Ice dams cause millions of dollars of damage every year.
Ice dams cause millions of dollars of damage to houses every year.
Ice dams cause water backups, allowing water to seep through the roof and cause even more damage.
Ice dams develop when snow melts in the middle of a roof and refreezes at the edge.
Ice dams occur on roofs with inefficient insulation and cold eaves.
Ice dance is a difficult and hard sport and it involves a lot of theatre.
Ice dance is harder to judge.
Ice dancing is more than ballroom on ice.
Ice dancing is the only form of figure skating to allow vocal music in official competitions .
Ice dancing is the only form of figure skating to allow vocal music in official competitions.
Ice discs are circular formations of ice surrounded by water in a river.
Ice diving is a team diving activity because the divers line requires a line tender.
Ice diving is a type of penetration diving where the dive takes place under ice .
Ice drift creates gaps in the ice cover and therefore increases rates ice formation.
Ice erosion is one of the strongest kinds of erosion because glaciers can move very large rocks .
Ice erosion is one of the strongest kinds of erosion because glaciers can move very large rocks.
Ice fish have beaks in place of mouths.
Ice Fish have blood like antifreeze.
Ice fish have gills.
Ice fish using minnows, grubs or worms are productive.
Most ice fish have gills.
Ice Fishing Avoid the crowds of anglers and the bugs.
Ice fishing calls day visitors during the winter months as well.
Ice fishing can be excellent, but is sometimes dangerous - watch conditions carefully.
Ice fishing demands tip-ups with a minnow or jig and minnow combinations.
Ice fishing has few requirements.
Ice fishing is a favorite among winter visitors.
Ice fishing is a great sport that people take part in many countries.
Ice fishing is a popular activity on both lakes when conditions allow.
Ice fishing is a popular attraction at the park during winter.
Ice fishing is a popular change of pace.
Ice fishing is a popular pastime in the winter.
Ice fishing is a popular sport at several of the high backcountry lakes.
Ice fishing is a popular subsistence activity.
Ice fishing is a popular winter activity during the extended trout season.
Ice fishing is a tradition around the lake.
Ice fishing is a very popular winter sport at Georgetown.
Ice fishing is a very social activity.
Ice fishing is a winter pastime throughout the state.
Ice fishing is also a fun activity.
Ice fishing is also a great past time.
Ice fishing is also available.
Ice fishing is also popular during the winter as is hunting during the Autumn.
Ice fishing is also popular here during the winter months.
Ice fishing is also popular on both lakes.
Ice fishing is also popular, but call ahead for information on ice conditions.
Ice fishing is also possible here.
Ice fishing is also very popular on Burt Lake with walleye, pike and perch the top winter catch.
Ice fishing is always more enjoyable with friends and family.
Ice fishing is another common pastime at the park.
Ice fishing is another favorite winter activity.
Ice fishing is another popular winter pastime at the park.
Ice fishing is another popular winter sport.
Ice fishing is at a standstill.
Ice fishing is available and good throughout the winter.
Ice fishing is available depending upon ice stability.
Ice fishing is available during the winter months.
Ice fishing is best when the lake is partially, but safely, frozen.
Ice fishing is discouraged.
Ice fishing is effective, and a great spring bite begins at ice-out.
Ice fishing is enjoyed by avid anglers during the winter months.
Ice fishing is enjoyed in the winter.
Ice fishing is excellent with a ramp open at the resort.
Ice fishing is extremely popular in the winter months.
Ice fishing is fair to good on most lakes.
Ice fishing is fun.
Ice fishing is good, but winter access is limited.
Ice fishing is good.
Ice fishing is great in real shallow water.
Ice fishing is great in the winter.
Ice fishing is great on Nelson Lake.
Ice fishing is hot on the list of winter activities.
Ice fishing is more of a social activity much loved by young and old.
Ice fishing is no permitted.
Ice fishing is often spectacular.
Ice fishing is one of the most popular winter activities in the area.
Ice fishing is perhaps the most democratic form of angling.
Ice fishing is permitted after the waterfowl hunting season has ended and the refuge reopens.
Ice fishing is permitted after the waterfowl hunting season has ended.
Ice fishing is permitted beyond the designated skating area.
Ice fishing is permitted in season.
Ice fishing is permitted in the rest of the lake.
Ice fishing is permitted on the creek outside of the ice skating area.
Ice fishing is permitted on the rest of the lake.
Ice fishing is permitted when indicated by posting.
Ice fishing is permitted when indicated by postings.
Ice fishing is permitted when the ice over the deepest channel is thick.
Ice fishing is permitted.
Ice fishing is popular and of course, snow mobiling.
Ice fishing is popular here, too.
Ice fishing is popular in winter for the arctic set.
Ice fishing is popular in winter, with some campsites remaining open year-round.
Ice fishing is popular in winter.
Ice fishing is popular on all lakes and an ice skating area is maintained on Promised Land Lake.
Ice fishing is popular on some local lakes.
Ice fishing is popular on the pond as well as summer fishing.
Ice fishing is quite peculiar.
Ice fishing is spectacular.
Ice fishing is still quite a popular sport.
Ice fishing is traditionally one of favourites sports and leisure in Russia.
Ice fishing is underway on many northern lakes.
Ice fishing is very popular during the winter.
Ice fishing makes for great walleye action all winter long.
Ice fishing needs more leaders.
Ice fishing occurs at the north and south ends only.
Ice fishing offers challenges of a different sort.
Ice fishing remains good.
Ice fishing requires no fishing pole.
Most ice fishing is for pan fish, especially perch.
Ice fissures form where the glacier bends as it oozes across the landscape.
An ice floe is a formation
Ice floes are an open and obvious condition.
Ice floes crack and break, then slowly make their way into the shallow waters of the delta.
Ice floes extend hundreds of miles seaward.
Ice flow disturbs the climate record by allowing ice from different layers to mix.
Ice flow is from right to left.
Ice flow is from top to bottom.
Ice flow is indicated schematically by arrows.
Ice flows cover most of the Lower Wisconsin River.
Ice flows keep wiping out Chicago's wooden bridges.
Ice fog is a fog that forms as ice crystals instead of water droplets.
Ice fog is common during the winter.
Ice fog is fog
Ice fog is fog.
Ice fog occurs in cold weather.
Ice fog occurs in weather.
Most ice fog occurs in cold weather.
Most ice fog occurs in weather.
Ice formation decreases with increasing depth due to the effect of pressure on the freezing point.
Ice formation processes.
Ice formations rise a mile high.
Ice golf is also an area attraction each winter.
Ice golf is centuries old.
An ice hockey is a contact sport
An ice hockey is an athletic game
Ice hockey can be a rough game, but it's a thinking person's sport, involving strategy.
Ice hockey combines the grace of skating with the aggressiveness of football.
Ice hockey involves a significant risk of injury for players of all ages.
Ice hockey is a fast and furious game and a pleasure to watch.
Ice hockey is a sport enjoyed by many young people.
Ice hockey is a sport in which injuries are common and some are serious.
Ice hockey is another fantastic American sport.
Ice hockey is certainly no exception.
Ice hockey is considered by some experts to be the fastest and most violent team sport in the world.
Ice hockey is hard hitting, fast-action competition.
Ice hockey is no more dangerous than any other athletic activity.
Ice hockey is one of Russia's most played sports.
Ice hockey is one of the most popular sports in the world .
Ice hockey is one of the most popular sports in the world.
Ice hockey is played on ice.
Ice hockey is really such a family time because everyone is involved.
Ice hockey is the most watched sport in Helsinki.
Ice hockey is the second leading cause of winter sports injury among children.
Ice hockey is the sport of choice for kids.
Ice hockey is the U.S. fastest growing sport.
Ice hockey is very popular here compared with another city in Japan.
Ice hockey offers many health benefits, as well.
Ice hockeys are contact sports.
Ice hockeys are games.
Ice hockeys are hockeys.
Ice hockeys are sports.
Ice hockeys are team sports.
Ice hockeys are video games.
Ice hockeys are violent games.
Ice hotels exist on a seasonal basis in a few cold areas.
Ice Ice can provide pain relief to a sore area.
Ice Ice causes two types of injury to branches and trunks.
Ice Ice is central to a number of issues.
Ice Ice is methamphetamine that has been crystallized so it can be smoked.
Ice Ice is the easiest and, usually, the least expensive way to cool fish.
Ice Ice reduces pain and swelling.
Ice jams are a major cause of flooding in Canada.
Ice jams are unpredictable and can form or break up without warning.
Ice jams can also cause flooding during late winter and early spring.
Ice jams can also cause the major rivers to flood.
Ice jams can also produce flooding during the late winter and early spring.
Ice jams can cause flooding.
Ice jams can cause some hydropower industrial facilities to completely shut down.
Ice jams cause flooding because of two main features.
Ice jams continue to congest river channels, bringing the potential for more overland flooding.
Ice Lake is fed by underground springs and seepage.
An ice machine is a household appliance
Ice machines are available on every level and there is ample parking space.
Ice machines are located in motels.
Ice machines produce a variety types of ice for a range of applications.
Ice machines stay clean and free off scale and produce a crystal clear product.
An ice maker is a kitchen appliance
Ice makers are kitchen appliances.
Ice makers are kitchen tools.
Ice makers are located in motels.
Ice makers improve their methods, searching for the fastest ice surface.
Ice makers operate machines and prepare ice surfaces of rinks for hockey games and other activities.
Some ice makers are part of freezers.
Some ice makers are part of fridges.
Some ice makers tend to add to service or repairs needed, and require plumbing.
Ice melting is an example of a physical change.
An ice needle is crystal
Ice needles are special varieties of snow or ice crystals.
Some ice needles are part of downpours.
Some ice needles are part of drizzle.
Some ice needles are part of flurries.
Some ice needles are part of hails.
Some ice needles are part of precipitation.
Some ice needles are part of rain.
Some ice needles are part of rainfall.
Some ice needles are part of rainstorm.
Some ice needles are part of sleet.
Some ice needles are part of snow.
Some ice needles are part of snowfall.
Ice nuclei are very rare compared to that cloud condensation nuclei on which liquid droplets form.
An ice pack is a bag
Ice packs are also convenient when resting.
Ice packs are also helpful.
Ice packs are also sometimes helpful.
Ice packs are also useful in reducing swelling of the penis and prepuce.
Ice packs are among the most effective nondrug treatments.
Ice packs are bags.
Ice packs are especially helpful in relieving muscles spasms.
Ice packs are extremely important in relieving pain.
Ice packs are generally less messy than ice and less expensive if recycling is possible.
Ice packs can also help.
Ice packs can crush samples in shipment.
Ice packs can help control swelling.
Ice packs can help reduce painful swelling.
Ice packs can reduce blood flow and thus relax muscles.
Ice packs help pain.
Ice packs provide relief of inflammation and pain.
Ice packs reduce swelling by constricting blood vessels and therefore reducing circulation.
Ice packs wrap a plastic bag full of crushed ice in a towel or large washcloth.
Some ice pack visit gay until long, either grass divide nobody.
Ice particles have layer structures.
Ice particles have structures.
Ice pellets are a form of precipitation.
Ice pellets are a type of frozen precipitation .
Ice pellets are a type of frozen precipitation.
Ice pellets are rain drops that have frozen before they hit the ground.
Ice pellets are usually smaller than hailstones .
Ice pellets are usually smaller than hailstones.
Ice pellets tend to be smaller than hailstones and bounce when they hit the ground.
Ice piers have a lifespan of three to five years.
Ice Pirates Join in on the many topics and discussions about the Lake Charles Ice Pirates.
An ice plant is a flower
Ice plant is an underused annual that is a great choice for hot, sunny, dry spots in the garden.
Ice plant is so prevalent that everyone just assumes it is.
Ice plant is very strong, often stronger than the native plants themselves.
Ice plant makes absolutely the best fire break around.
Ice plant tastes pretty bitter, being a halophilic, or salt-loving, plant.
Ice Racing is the safest and most inexpensive form of roadracing available today.
Some ice rain causes fractures.
Ice ratings can be nebulous, because the medium constantly changes.
Ice ridges are typical features of sea ice cover.
An ice rink is a skating rink
Ice rink is last building on right.
Ice rink is next right.
Ice rink is on bottom level.
Ice rink is open when ice conditions permit.
Ice rink is same too.
Ice Rink offers free skating, hot chocolate and cookies.
Ice Rink offers recreational ice skating and skate rentals.
Ice Rink Whirling joyfully on an 'icy' rink are two penguins with their friends.
Ice rinks are a good example where desiccant systems help reduce condensation on the ice sheet.
Ice rinks are as numerous in Canada are there are baseball diamonds in the States.
Ice rinks are places for people to play ice hockey and to go ice skating .
Ice rinks are places for people to play ice hockey and to go ice skating.
Ice rinks are rinks.
Ice rinks have ice on the floor if they are inside , and on the ground if they are outside .
Ice rinks have ice on the floor if they are inside, and on the ground if they are outside.
Most ice rinks offer daily or weekly public skating sessions.
Some ice rinks have inadequate ventilation systems, or none at all, to clear the air.
Ice roads are generally six inches thick.
Ice roads are still good.
Ice roads carry heavy equipment across the fragile tundra, then melt in summer.
Ice roads require special vehicles.
All ice roads are in good shape.
Ice scrapers are practical items that are used quite frequently in colder parts of North America.
Ice screws are a more serious tool.
Ice sculptors display their works of art throughout the center of town.
Ice sculpture luges for any occasion.
Ice sculptures add that unique finishing touch to any event.
Ice Sculptures are a key feature.
Ice sculptures are on display.
Ice sculptures are to be set in trays and provided with a drain bucket.
Ice Sculptures melt away.
Ice sculptures melt over the course of the event.
Ice sheets act as blankets.
Ice sheets are larger than ice shelves or alpine glaciers .
Ice sheets are larger than ice shelves or alpine glaciers.
Ice sheets are sensitive indicators of climate change.
Ice sheets are still as close as southern Canada.
Ice sheets are the largest accumulations of ice.
Ice sheets contribute to their own growth.
Ice sheets expand during an ice age.
Ice sheets form, advance, retreat, melt, then form again.
Ice sheets move in response to current and wind and they rise and fall with tidal rhythms.
Ice sheets play a critical role in the global climate system.
Ice sheets rest on a foredeepened surface.
Ice sheets spread outward under their own weight.
Ice sheets take thousands of years to respond to changes in surface temperature.
An ice shelf is ice
Ice shelves are ice masses that are floating on water but anchored to a land-based sheet of ice.
Ice shelves are long-term floating plates of ice attached to continents.
Ice shelves are massive, floating sheets of snow ice that circle Antarctica.
Ice shelves are part of a cycle.
Ice shelves are sheets of ice floating on water and attached to land.
Ice shelves are the enormous floating tongues of even larger land-dwelling glaciers.
Ice shelves are the large floating masses of ice surrounding the continent's grounded ice sheets.
Ice shelves are thick, floating pieces of ice that are attached to land at the edges.
Ice shelves can slow the process of disintegration of the marine-based ice sheet.
Ice shelves cover fifty percent of the Antarctic coast.
Ice shelves form where the the ice sheet begins to float.
Ice shelves respond to climate change more rapidly than grounded ice sheets or glaciers.
Ice shelves surround the entire continent of Antarctica.
More ice shelf means more chance for ice to be melted by the ocean.
An ice skate is a skate
Ice skates are available on a limited basis.
Ice skates are skates.
Ice skates are sports equipment.
Ice skates are to be in a strong bag with the blades covered.
Ice skates become the perfect survival tools.
Ice skates have narrow pieces of metal on the bottom of the shoes .
Ice skates have narrow pieces of metal on the bottom of the shoes.
Ice skates have sharp edges, and thus a small area in contact with the ice.
All ice skates work on the same principle of forming a lubricated surface by pushing to the side.
Ice skaters are capable of footworks.
Ice skaters are capable of jumps.
Ice skaters are capable of spins.
Ice skaters are gay.
Ice skaters are skaters.
Ice skaters enjoy the lake also.
Ice skaters glide over corporate logos and skiers fly past more ads.
Ice skaters pull their arms in to speed up.
Ice skating are skating.
Ice skating Be prepared to shovel the snow from the lake.
Ice skating helps to relieve stress.
Ice skating is a great alternative to skiing or snowboarding and is fun for the whole family.
Ice skating is a new and innovative idea that has been around for centuries.
Ice skating is a terrific form of exercise to both tone the body and build cardiovascular fitness.
Ice skating is also available.
Ice Skating is an active endurance sport which our approach makes easy and enjoyable to learn.
Ice skating is available all year at the local community center.
Ice Skating is available during the winter months.
Ice skating is available in the winter.
Ice skating is available on our pond and at local rinks in Brattleboro and Wilmington.
Ice skating is available on the Doubling Gap Lake when ice conditions permit.
Ice skating is better in person.
Ice skating is both relaxing and good cardio-vascular exercise.
Ice skating is enjoyed by many during the winter months.
Ice skating is enjoyed by many on a maintained area of Laurel Hill Lake.
Ice skating is enjoyed by many on about a one acre section of the lake.
Ice skating is enjoyed by many visitors.
Ice skating is ever popular both in summer and winter.
Ice skating is fun for a lot of kids.
Ice Skating is fun.
Ice skating is one of many sports which evolved from everyday life.
Ice skating is one of the most challenging and beautiful sports in the world today.
Ice skating is open to the public.
Ice skating is permitted dependent upon ice conditions.
Ice skating is popular.
Ice skating is possible on Beijing's lakes during winter.
Ice skating is probably one of the healthiest forms of exercise.
Ice skating is sexy.
Ice skating is such a graceful sport.
Ice skating is today one of the most watched popular and anticipated Olympic sports.
Ice skating kicks off the season for four sessions.
Ice skating picks up each year where in-line skating leaves off.
Ice Skating Rink open to the public, rentals, sharpening, hockey, and broomball.
Ice skating takes place right in front of the tree with underground restaurants around the rink.
Ice slurry has potential in flow reduction and thermal storage.
Ice slurry has up to five times more cooling capacity than chilled water.
ICE stocks crash to lower filters inspite of positive announcements on the same day.
An ice storm is a storm
Ice Storm is a movie that is actually worth thinking about once it's over.
Ice storms are a major concern to utility companies and the aviation industry.
Ice storms are also a problem.
Ice storms are caused by freezing rain.
Ice storms are common events in the region, so trees are remarkably resilient.
Ice storms are common throughout the U.S. but occur with less frequency in the Pacific Northwest.
Ice storms are common with one or two destructive storms each year.
Ice storms are known to cause accidents , take power lines down and cause serious damage .
Ice storms are known to cause accidents, take power lines down and cause serious damage.
Ice storms are often winter's worst hazard.
Ice storms are regular in winter and early spring, and rain is frequent in every month.
Ice storms are result of the ice formation process, which is influenced by general weather patterns.
Ice storms are storms.
Ice storms can also pose a threat.
Ice storms can be even more detrimental.
Ice storms cause ice to accumulate on roads, trees, and power lines.
Ice storms form when a layer of warm air is between two layers of cold air.
Ice storms have a notorious reputation for damaging power lines by weighing it down with ice.
Ice storms make things pretty, but they cause widespread power outages around here.
Ice storms occur when there is a light drizzle and temperatures hover around the freezing point.
Ice storms represent a significant threat to populations affected by prolonged power outages.
Ice storms require salt and sand in large quantities.
Some ice storms cause damage.
Some ice storms cause death.
Some ice storms cause significant damage.
Ice streams are different than glaciers in that they are bordered by ice instead of rock.
Ice streams are fast moving extensions of ice caps and ice sheets.
Ice streams drain ice caps or ice sheets.
Ice streams drain into the sea in a number of other places along the coast of East Antarctica.
Ice T is an accomplished movie actor as well.
Ice T is one of the most important rappers.
Ice tea can also contain caffeine and sugar.
Ice tea clinks in tall glasses.
Ice tea is located in cans.
Ice tea is tea.
Ice time can predicate a lot of things for a player.
Ice time has arrived for high school girls' varsity teams practice for first time monday.
Ice time is booked seven days a week.
Ice time is extremely expensive and it's hard to purchase more time.
Ice time is extremely limited.
Ice time is provided for player evaluation.
Ice time is rented at a local ice rink for instruction.
Ice time is too valuable to waste on stretching exercises that can be done prior to ice time.
Ice time leads to production, and that means money.
Ice time limits the number of teams, and therefore the number of players, that can participate.
Ice times vary every day and night.
More Ice time is available.
Ice tongues are narrow, long, and are floating.
Ice tongues are narrow, long, floating ice features.
Ice tongues can rapidly change size and shape.
ICE trains are fully air-conditioned and have a low noise level.
ICE trains are to be used in their place.
Ice volcanoes resurface Jupiter moon .
Ice water mixture has phases.
Ice water Combine the flour and salt.
Ice water is available on the tables.
Ice water is drinking water.
Ice water is free in any restaurant.
Ice water is included.
Ice water is particularly good for mesclun.
Ice water is placed on the heart to cool it down.
Ice water is pumped from the unit through a bladder compression system to treat injured areas.
Ice water is seen mostly at the poles and inside ancient impact craters.
Ice water is the most ruinous liquid ever taken into the human system.
Ice water is totally useless because capsaicin and water don t mix.
Ice water is used as a transporting agent.
Ice water keeps the flames to a minimum.
Ice water means poor pickings.
Ice wedges form in the permafrost tunnel when water seeps into a crack in the frozen ground.
Ice wedges seem to truncate when they reach the gravels.
Ice wine has a tremendous staying effect.
Ice wines are rare, and classic ones that are perfect are even rarer.
Ice Works dryland training uses the newest training techniques today.
Ice worms are animals.
Ice Worms are the only known creatures that spend their entire lives covered in ice.
Ice worms are tiny, roughly three quarters of an inch in length.
Ice worms live on glaciers eating a diet of algae and pollen.
Ice yachting is the sport of sailing and racing iceboats.
Ice absorbs heat as it melts.
Ice absorbs heat from the water as it melts.
Ice acts as an insulator , inhibiting the cooling process.
Ice acts as an insulator between the warm ocean and the colder atmosphere.
Ice acts like a stall fence, encouraging the onset of tailplane stall.
Ice acts like a sun magnifier lighting up the depths of the water.
ICE adopts a 'comic book' visual style with animated 'talking' characters.
ICE adopts a comic book visual style, with animated talking characters.
Ice advances over area and gathers load by eroding bedrock.
Ice Allows whole organisms to be preserved for thousands of years in cold Artic regions.
Ice also acts as an agent to transport nutrients and pollutants.
Ice also allows for nutrient transport and creates whale habitat through openings in the ice.
Ice also allows increased circulation to carry away waste products and aid healing.
Ice also cools a sore throat and eases the pain.
Ice also forms large masses called glaciers.
Ice also helps to shrink engorged blood vessels.
Ice also increases blood flow after it is removed from the injury.
Ice also plays a role in the water cycle.
Ice also speeds the repair process.
Ice also takes less time to melt.
Ice appears to be melting faster than previously estimated.
Ice appears to flow from south to north.
Ice applied directly over a bony area can be painful.
Ice applies a sleeper.
Ice Apply an ice pack to soothe and numb the pain.
ICE are computer programs that defend corporate data from netrunners .
ICE assumes that two parties are involved in a business relationship.
ICE attracts the world's top technical personnel.
ICE automates storing, retrieval and identification of arbitrary version sets.
Ice becomes perceptible.
Ice becomes water.
Ice begins forming in the atmosphere of Uranus, near the methane cloud deck .
Ice begins to clear.
Ice begins to melt, pick up a stone.
Ice begins to melt.
Ice behaves much like water, following the course of least resistance.
Ice bends up and down in long waves that roll away from a car as it drives across the ice.
Ice blocks the size of houses shift and tumble without warning.
Ice breaking in the harbor is handled by company steam tugs.
Ice build up on the wings.
Ice build up on the wipers can interfere with the wiping pressure of the blades.
Ice builds into a thick mound several hundred meters thick.
Ice builds until a defrost cycle is initiated to melt it so the ice can drain away as water.
Ice can also accumulate to a considerable depth.
Ice can also cause problems if it forms in pipes.
Ice can also cause the throttle to stick open.
Ice can also cause valves to malfunction.
Ice can also change directly to a vapor.
Ice can also decrease muscle spasms.
Ice can also exist in the form of icebergs, or large chunks of ice in the water.
Ice can also form clathrates.
Ice can also sublimate.
ICE can be customer or merchant activated.
Ice can be dangerous.
Ice can be effective in treating athletic injuries for up to several weeks after the injury.
Ice can be especially hazardous.
Ice can be hazardous to offshore structures, under water pipelines.
Ice can be of benefit for the acute pain.
Ice can be treacherous.
Ice can be very effective at the point of pain.
Ice can become an extreme navigational hazard.
Ice can break off old shoots with associated roots.
Ice can burn.
Ice can cause changes in the collagen fibers of the muscle.
Ice can change to become water and water vapor.
Ice can change to become water or water vapor.
Ice can change with the surrounding climate conditions.
Ice can come and go in bays, however, as it has during the past two winters.
Ice can conduct protons and silver chloride can conduct silver ions at elevated temperatures.
Ice can contain pockets of liquid water, which is a prerequisite for life.
Ice can cover nearly an entire continent, such as Antarctica, or a huge island such as Greenland.
Ice can dramatically increase the stalling speed.
Ice can effectively decrease pain from an injury.
Ice can erode the land.
Ice can evaporate without going through the liquid phase, a process called sublimation.
Ice can exist in floes, or very large flat pieces of ice.
Ice can fall many different ways in Antarctica.
Ice can flow down a slope as water can, albeit at a slower rate.
Ice can flow.
Ice can form in the bearings and crack the cages, rendering the bearings useless.
Ice can form when some fluids vaporize, or cold weather can freeze moisture in the air.
Ice can form when some products vaporize, or cold weather can freeze moisture in the air.
Ice can freeze the skin, like freezer burn, and cause even more problems.
Ice can increase the weight of the plane quite significantly if it blankets the entire plane.
Ice can keep food on the refrigerator shelves cooler.
Ice can keep the freezer cold.
Ice can make or break a party.
Ice can present a source of cryptostordium diarrhea.
Ice can prevent regular boat service, for example local ferry services, from operating.
Ice can provide free refrigeration.
Ice can relieve the pain and swelling of runner's knee.
ICE can save energy.
Ice can stay in freezer indefinitely without developing odors.
Ice can stop the movement of the virus from the nerve to the skin.
Ice can store cold to any degree, and resists melting to an extraordinary extent.
Ice can subside from the rock face without really melting.
Ice can take on many forms and shapes.
Ice caps Large reaches of ice in upland areas which feed outlet or valley glaciers.
Ice causes a very jittery high, along with anxiety, insomnia, sometimes paranoia.
Ice causes body heat loss.
Ice causes dermal vasoconstriction and helps limit inflammation and reduce pain.
Ice causes more pain and discomfort.
Ice causes the blood vessels to constrict, which reduces inflammation and pain.
Ice causes two types of injury to branches and trunks.
Ice changes into vapor.
Ice changes into water vapor.
Ice chokes the creek and bids the water still.
Ice climbing in any setting is a spectacular and challenging experience.
Ice climbing wall' an unique combination of telegraph poles gives a realistic winter workout.
Ice closes in along the Hudson Fjord.
Ice comes in many forms, some if which are very safe and some very dangerous.
Ice comes in many shapes and sizes.
ICE comes up with.
Ice commits a series of blunders and is easily persuaded by money.
Ice composes of freeze water.
Ice composes of water.
Ice consists of snow.
Ice consists of water molecules held rigidly in place by a network of hydrogen bonds.
Ice contains air.
Ice contains more radioactive elements than rock.
Ice contains no salt, and as large amounts of new ice forms, sea salt is released into the ocean.
Ice contains tiny pockets of gas, essentially captured fragments of atmosphere.
ICE continues to be a volunteer organization with only one paid staff member.
Ice continues to jam up under that bridge.
Ice cools down an acute flare-up by reducing swelling and strain on aching back muscles.
Ice cools the warm water much more because it absorbs heat in order to melt.
Ice cools the water and slows the fish' metabolism.
Ice cores north and south.
Ice covered towers crown the valley.
Ice covered with calcium carbide is ignited with a dropped match.
Ice covers about three percent of the world's water surface.
Ice covers Europa, one of Jupiter's larger moons.
Ice covers Great Slave Lake eight months a year.
Ice covers Maine, New Hampshire, and New York.
Ice covers most of the Antarctic continent.
Ice covers most of the landscape.
Ice covers most of the ocean surface year-round, causing subfreezing temperatures much of the time.
Ice covers ponds and lakes and the cold air chills frogs under the forest leaves.
Ice covers the lake during a good part of the year, so pressure is light.
Ice covers the lake for about three-fourths of the year.
Ice covers the woods.
Ice covers their walls and ceilings.
Ice creams to meat loaf, drinks to scones and kangaroo tail soup to damper.
ICE creates and supports local organizations.
Ice cupcakes with remaining icing.
Ice decreases blood flow in the area and reduces swelling.
Ice decreases blood flow to the injured tissue and reduces inflammation.
Ice decreases blood flow, swelling, muscle spasms and pain.
Ice decreases circulation and keeps swelling down.
Ice decreases pain and swelling.
ICE defines a publish and subscribe mechanism via simple request and response messages.
Ice defines ice.
Ice definitely fits all of the parts of the definition of a mineral.
Ice deforms most easily when it is warm.
ICE demonstrates the immediate utility of XML in a major way.
Ice dilutes the flavor of a good aperitif in the same way that it affects a glass of wine.
Ice does form, however, in the spaces between the cells.
Ice does the job more quickly and at a shallower depth.
Ice Eat or suck on a piece of ice.
Ice ensures that results are accurate.
Ice explains how to broil a steak properly.
Ice extends into the ocean around much of Antarctica.
Ice fills the Alberta Delta and the connection with South America is severed.
Ice fishermen out on the ice.
Ice floats because it is less dense than water.
Ice floats because it is less dense then liquid water.
Ice floats on water because ice has a density.
Ice floats on water because ice has a lower density than water.
Ice floats on water because it is less dense than water.
Ice floats on water because it is lighter than the liquid water.
Ice flows around a central island causing cavernous rifts to form.
Ice flows with ice bergs to the horizon.
Ice fly jigs and rubber tube jigs in white, purple, red and yellow are productive, tipped with bait.
Ice fold over an backyard wrestling link.
Ice forming in their crests from drinking water can be a problem in cold weather.
Ice forming on roads is a dangerous winter hazard.
Ice forming over flowing water is most dangerous, especially rivers, streams, or spring-fed lakes.
Ice forms an insulating layer.
Ice forms liquids.
Ice freezes in rocky cracks, splitting the rocks apart.
Ice generally takes the form of clear crystallised chunks.
Ice gives Lie except several leg throughout an bus.
Ice goes away.
Ice goes directly to gas through sublimation .
Ice goes first.
Ice goes into the liner, liner closes with velcro.
ICE goes to some length to remain domain agnostic, in fact.
Ice gradually fragments erratics into smaller rocks.
Ice grinds, gouges and splits rock particles.
Ice hangs down from the roots of trees that have blown over.
Ice has a greater heat capacity than water.
Ice has a highly regular crystalline structure which has maximum number of bonds.
Ice has a lower density than liquid water.
Ice has a lower melting point than rock.
Ice has a snow-white face and cheeks.
Ice has a uniquely low coefficient of friction which is why skaters can glide so swiftly across it.
Ice has a very high albedo while dark surfaces have low albedo.
Ice has an appearance that is clear and crystal-like, and resembles frozen ice water.
Ice has an interesting and complex structure.
Ice has attributes.
Ice has complex structures.
Ice has compositions.
Ice has crystalline structures.
Ice has definite physical properties.
Ice has density.
Ice has grain size.
Ice has heat energy.
Ice has important attributes.
Ice has lower density than rock, so the crust rises under the glacier.
Ice has lower density.
Ice has many different forms.
Ice has physical properties.
Ice has properties.
Ice has several important attributes.
Ice has shapes.
Ice has size.
Ice has structures.
Ice has surfaces.
Ice has to absorb energy in order to melt, changing the phase of water from a solid to a liquid.
Ice has to be cold, really cold to be effective.
Ice has unique qualities that can cause it to become unstable within hours.
Ice held on the bridge of the nose can also help stop the bleeding.
Ice helps keep down the swelling that occurs in the joint and reduces the pain.
Ice helps keep the swelling down.
Ice helps prevent bruising.
Ice helps prevent swelling and reduces pain.
Ice helps prevent swelling and slows down tissue metabolism to reduce damage.
Ice helps reduce pain and swelling and promotes healing.
Ice helps reduce the bruising and ease the discomfort.
Ice helps stop internal bleeding.
Ice helps to decrease pain and swelling.
Ice helps to reduce the inflammation.
Ice helps with burns, bruises, sprains and fractures.
Ice hides a wide, muddy creek, and offers a natural bridge to cross.
Ice includes water.
Ice initially constricts local blood vessels and decreases tissue temperature.
ICE intends to provide a common basis and method to looking at issues of conflict and environment.
Ice involves a center red line and two blue lines, one on each side of the red line.
Ice Is . . .
Ice is a better product to work with.
Ice is a big problem.
Ice is a cold frozen liquid.
Ice is a constantly changing phenomenon.
Ice is a crystal.
Ice is a crystalline material which means that the water molecules are regularly ordered.
Ice is a good example of a hydrogen bonded solid.
Ice is a good example of a solid turning into a liquid.
Ice is a good thermal insulator.
Ice is a good, low-fat palate cleanser after a rich meal.
Ice is a great way to reduce pain and inflamation.
Ice is a hard surface, therefore the stability of the shoe is important.
Ice is a horrible, horrible thing to do to hard liquor.
Ice is a huge impact player who can be one of the best in the Big Sky.
Ice is a lot simpler, from a microclimatic aspect.
Ice is a major hazard in the spring, causing even greater flooding.
Ice is a material that is both brittle and plastic.
Ice is a natural material and no two pieces are exactly alike.
Ice is a nonliving thing.
Ice is a poor conductor of electricity source .
Ice is a potent norepinephrine modulator, increasing it's effect.
Ice is a potent, smokable form of methamphetamine, while crack is a potent form of freebase cocaine.
Ice is a pure smokable form of methamphetamine.
Ice is a real big pain.
Ice is a significant challenge to the safety of aviation.
Ice is a social addiction.
Ice is a solid, it's cold and it's hard.
Ice is a solid.
Ice is a stimulant.
Ice is a tetrahedral ordered array of such hydrogen bonded waters.
Ice is a transparent, nearly colorless, crystalline, and brittle substance.
Ice is a universal first-aid treatment for minor sports injuries.
Ice is a very cheap drug, probably the cheapest available.
Ice is a viscoelastic material with a nonlinear flow law.
Ice is a whole new sport, a whole new shot.
Ice is actually less symmetrical than liquid water.
Ice is actually very complex.
Ice is added to all boxes to ensure the product arrives fresh at it's destination.
Ice is added, and the glass filled with bourbon.
Ice is added.
Ice is affected by tidal forces to a greater extent than rock.
Ice is also available for in-room service .
Ice is also available onsite, but be prepared to pay for it.
Ice is also present in many other moons, in the planetary ring systems, and in comets.
Ice is also pretty safe in Thailand.
Ice is also the winner of numerous breed and open show High Point Awards.
Ice is always good.
Ice is always thin at the edge of the lake because the ground keeps it warm.
Ice is an element that is frozen solid.
Ice is an entirely different matter.
Ice is an erosion of profits.
Ice is an excellent insulator, and therefore limits the heat transfer to the freezing surface.
Ice is an important component of the global climate, particularly in regard to the water cycle.
Ice is an integral part of our lives.
