Match plays are a funny sort of game.
Match racing has a different set of rules and is run on shorter courses.
A match is an ignitor
Match applicants to open jobs and automatically convert new-hires to employees.
Match aptitudes to employment area.
Match aptitudes to job area.
Match begins with a few shoves.
Match bow length and weight to the height and strength of the participant.
Match breaks down a bit.
Match dlls to products.
Match ends and tape two of the legs together.
Match ends without a winner.
Match enzymes with their substrates and products.
Match fixing is on everyone's mind.
Match flows within the manufacturing process.
Match is at our home pitch in Hawthorne.
Match is hot.
Match is point sparring best out of five.
Match lasts three seconds, and out comes HHH with a sledgehammer, match is a DQ, call for the bell.
Match learning needs to teaching style.
Match leaves with plant names.
Match localizes mirror sites.
Match marks the first-ever meeting between the two schools.
Match needs with qualifications and availability.
Match objects to construct an equivalent set.
Match objects with similar textures.
Match occurs after the battle royal match.
Match offers to risk level.
Match pegs to the weight and size of cloth.
Match pillows with the fabric of curtains or spreads.
Match play for all conditions.
Match play in a fun, spirited, team competition.
Match sounds from movies or songs.
Match sounds of words.
Match sounds to each alphabet letter.
Match sounds with letters.
Match specimens to correct names on an answer sheet.
Match starts before the bell rings.
Match tells which element to use as the file name.
Match wits the the high priestess of hilarity.
Matches achievements an skills to job requirements.
Matches are also very important.
Matches are automatically determined and respective parties are electronically notified.
Matches are based on age and weight .
Matches are based on age and weight.
Matches are best of five games.
Matches are best two out of three games.
Matches are case insensitive.
Matches are case-insensitive.
Matches are case-sensitive.
Matches are complete and coordinate dress, bags and shoes.
Matches are easier to find among siblings.
Matches are essential for lighting fires whether the fire is lit to keep warm or to signal with.
Matches are every other weekend.
Matches are exciting and interesting.
Matches are first without, then with parent names.
Matches are generally sensible.
Matches are lines in the membership list which contain all the box entries.
Matches are more likely to vary by year, usually tied to company profits.
Matches are on a knock-out basis.
Matches are one hour or one hour ten minutes long.
Matches are one of our recent inventions, and one of the most important to trade.
Matches are open to the public.
Matches are over five boards, are graded and played with clocks.
Matches are played with other cities and travel is required.
Matches are rapid-fire, question and answer format.
Matches are simply a measure of improvement.
Matches are sold in multiples , packaged together either in a box , or in matchbooks .
Matches are sold in multiples, packaged together either in a box, or in matchbooks.
Matches are spectacular, bright, dependable, and unique.
Matches are the total filled positions within an institution.
Matches are to be arranged by the teams involved.
Matches are to be played in order listed.
Matches are usually five games.
Matches are usually on the weekends.
Matches bangle above.
Matches become nothing but a series crazy moves.
Matches begin at noon.
Matches begin in the ring but finish in parking lots.
Matches begin on the hour.
Matches can be cash or in-kind services.
Matches can be for one fall or for the best of three falls, sometimes even the best of five falls.
Matches can be pictures of activities with corresponding words, picture to picture, or word to word.
Matches can be to any number of points, although traditionally the lengths are odd.
Matches Can burn and start fires.
Matches can go on for minutes, hours or days, depending upon the sport.
Matches can imply that an additional category is assumed.
Matches can last for as short a period as three months or as long as three years.
Matches can last from a few seconds to a few minutes.
Matches can last until a child graduates from high school.
Matches can start later if both captains agree.
Matches can turn around quickly.
Matches can turn within a minute.
Matches come in boxes.
Matches come up and often include links to the rental communities' Web sites.
Matches consist of a minimum of four games.
Matches consist of best of three sets.
Matches consist of three doubles positions.
Matches consist of two games of doubles, one played at home and the other away.
Matches consist of two singles positions and three doubles positions.
Matches consists of the best of three sets.
Matches continue until there is one winner.
Matches costs with the useful life of the equipment.
Matches crosspeaks to one or more pairs of shifts.
Matches depend on the professional interests and focus of the given participant.
Matches diagram and change list.
Matches do many different things together, depending on their interests.
Matches end when one contestant tries to flee or gets tossed around hopelessly by the other.
Matches face pin above.
Matches fully overlap one another.
Matches generate revenue and the clubs, who play more games, are making more and more of it.
Matches go on all day as the diligent staff works to put together players interested in games.
Matches golfer above.
Matches insolently burn out, just a moment too soon to be usable.
Matches last a total of fourteen minutes and are divided into two seven minute halves.
Matches last up to five days and a series normally consists of three to five matches.
Matches make great close-ups.
Matches meet once per week for one hour at a school or site.
Matches needs in specific situations with the functions and applications of emerging technologies.
Matches occur in the evenings throughout week and weekend.
Matches only work if they are dry.
Matches pin above.
Matches pitting the two regularly draw huge crowds.
Matches Provides a constantly-updated view of the current matches.
Matches provides conceptual process and cost engineering for process development and improvement.
Matches pump, pumps, pumping, airpump, etc.
Matches resumes to jobs.
Matches resumes with job opportunities.
Matches schedule for days with poor weather can move indoors without trouble.
Matches shellfish, fish, white meat and goat cheese.
Matches shellfish, seafood, fish, white meat and soft cheese.
Matches start at noon.
Matches start on the hour.
Matches still don t run themselves.
Matches take place in a standard wrestling ring, complete with bouncy floor and rubber ropes.
Matches take place on selected weekends and also during the week.
Matches take the form of 'triangulars', where the home team host two visiting teams for the day.
Matches tend to get blown out by the gas from the torch.
Matches using yari offer the combatant a very demanding, fast and realistic fight.
Matches view of camera lens.
Matches View our stock ink colors.
Matches work well.
Matches workout together twice a week and attend group workouts twice a month.
Matches xyz to the end of the line.
Matchs are capable of competition.
Matchs are contests.
Matchs are duplicates.
Matchs are lighters.
Matchs are located in backpacks.
Matchs are located in boxs.
Matchs are scores.
Matchs are sports events.
Matchs are used for fire.
Matchs are utensils.
Matchs cause fire.
Matchs cause friction.
Matches always involve two teams one playing away and one at home.
Matches usually consist of the best of three or five games.
Matches usually consist of three games, one hour in length.
All matches are a pro set, the first player to win eight games wins the match.
All matches are away.
All matches are best of five games.
All matches are 'Best of three'.
All matches are brief highlights, ranging from a few minutes of action to a few seconds.
All matches are case insensitive.
All matches are confidential.
All matches are for men and women, unless otherwise noted.
All matches are for one academic year.
All matches are free of charge and open to the public.
All matches are friendlies unless stated otherwise.
All matches are individualized or 'tailor fitted' to the particular job tasks.
All matches are local.
All matches are match play.
All matches are on the road.
All matches are open to spectators at no charge.
All matches are open to the public and free.
All matches are open to the public.
All matches are singles, starting in round-robin groups for different ages.
All matches are southern division conference matches.
All matches are subject to change without notice.
All matches are the best of three tie break sets.
All matches are then nine holes, first round before lunch, last two rounds in the afternoon.
All matches are to be played in the most stable environment available at the time.
All matches are to be rated unless otherwise agreed upon by both players.
All matches are tri-matches against two other schools.
All matches are worth one point and in the event of a halved match each side gets one-half point.
All matches conclude today.
All matches consist of the best two out of three games.
All matches currently listed are tentative.
All matches here are dowry-free.
All matches is the standard search.
All matches occur in any of seven different diabolical arenas, studded with traps and hazards.
All matches take place on the home pitch of the highest seed.
All matches use an OR function.
Any match involving any date or any two people is enough to create a coincidence.
Any match is extraordinary.
Any match playing a whole round is entitled to pass a match playing a shorter round.
Any match rejects the incoming mail.
Every match becomes a critical judgment of the England coach.
Every match has a specific set of rules in gun handling.
Every match has interviews before and after it.
Every match has it's own problems to solve.
Every match here is a finals match.
Every match is a fight, especially on the road.
Every match is a fresh start.
Every match is a natural, but some are amazing.
Every match is an adventure.
Every match is equal.
Every match is important.
Every match is like opening a door into a new room.
Every match is made from a public survey.
Every match is proceeded by a sight-in and practice time.
Every match is tough.
Every match is very similar.
Every match needs to be completed during the week it is scheduled.
Every match receives a unique number, that has to be used for continuation.
Every match turns into complete joyful chaos.
Many matches are excerpts from articles, but some potentially useful sources turn up.
Many matches are great in anticipation, but few are remembered as great.
Many matches continue longer than the required six months.
More matches mean more clear ups, more criminals caught and less crime.
More matches means better persistency.
Most matches are about six minutes.
Most matches are best two out of three, some are three out of five.
Most matches come to an end at some point.
Most matches end up on the floor, with two guys beating the crap out of each other.
Most matches last more than a year and have even developed into lasting adult friendships.
Most matches start with weapons in the ring.
Most matches wins.
Some matches allow the use of optics and scopes, others impose additional restrictions.
Some matches are less likely to succeed than others.
Some matches are still irrelevant but in general the links are useful.
Some matches contain chromates.
Some matches continue for years, but for others a year is sufficient.
Some matches have no meaning though.
All matchbook orders incur a one time set-up charge.
A matchbook is a folder
Matchbooks are for people who like to live on the edge.
Matchbox cars are a favorite collectible.
Matchbox cars are also in high demand.
A matchbox is a box
Matchbox isa box.
Matchboxes are best.
Matchboxs have (part) sections.
Matched color uses a designated ink color.
Matched colors are mixed and applied with a good brush on a well cleaned surface.
Matched colors disappear, and blocks then fall and make more matches and chain reactions.
Matched components give years of trouble free use.
Matched funds become available to an individual employee according to a company's vesting schedule.
Matched funds can be in the form of cash or in-kind services such as faculty time and supplies.
Matched impedances give maximum power transfer.
Matched mold die.
Matched patterns can be very small, or they can represent whole objects of interest.
Matched pieces can remain on the board, and the program can swap pieces after every failed guess.
Matched sets are a particular specialty, for the romantically inclined.
Matched Sets Find a set to match the number of windows in the room.
Matched sets have separate coping and sticking cutters.
Most matched sets have one pristine badge and the other with heavy wear.
Matched speeds are important.
Matched stripes indicate better quality, but also improve the appearance of the garment.
Matched vinyl is used on the back, and untouched areas.
Matchless model has a push button piezo ignitor system.
Matchless option has a push button piezo ignitor system.
A matchmaker is an intermediary
Matchmakers are in charge of helping customers find the right pet for their home.
Matchmakers are mediators.
Matchmakers gain an appreciation for the individuality and uniqueness of each person in their group.
Matchmakers have an advantage.
Matchmakers is a video dating service.
Matchmakers offer a great value for the investment to a small company seeking new markets.
Matchmakers save singles time, and often money, over dating services.
Most matchmakers limit business plans to two to four pages.
Some matchmakers act as intermediaries until the time the couple decides to marry.
A matchstick is a stick
Matchstick isa implement.
Matchsticks have (part) sections.
Matchsticks Remove two matchsticks to make two squares remain.
Mate behavior follows general patterns.
Mate behavior follows patterns.
Mate behavior has characteristics.
Mate behavior has key characteristics.
Most mate behavior follows general patterns.
Most mate behavior follows patterns.
Most mate behavior has characteristics.
Most mate behavior has key characteristics.
Mate behaviour leads researchers.
Most mate behaviour leads researchers.
Mate choice increases a component of offspring fitness in fruit flies.
Mate choice is also a key element of mating systems.
Mate choice is highly visible in lek mating .
Mate choice is ultimately up to the hen, but males choose which hens they court.
Mate choice turns cognitive.
Some mate choices aid reproductive success.
Mates of state give a song that is up beat and happy with a triumphant feeling to it.
Mate pairs are the sequenced ends of inserts that actually make up the scaffolds.
Most mate pairs are reliable landmarks-they stick together and remain the same distance apart.
Mate quality affects offspring sex ratio in blue tits.
Mate seasons affect growth.
Mate seasons last for months.
Mate seasons last for several weeks.
Mate seasons last for weeks.
Mate seasons occur during months.
Mate seasons occur during winter months.
Most mate seasons affect growth.
Most mate seasons occur during months.
Most mate seasons occur during winter months.
Mate selection begins in late winter with several males vying for the favour of a single female.
Mate selection is up to the female, and it is the females that compete for the males.
Mate selection works statistically and on an evolutionary time-scale.
Mate tea is also of value in large doses.
A mate is an officer
Mate attempts to become the first scientist to implant a satellite tag into a sperm whale.
Mate contains numerous vitamins and minerals.
Mate cows second.
Mate feels totally accepted and loved as is.
Mate is outside on museum track.
Mate isa animal.
Mate isa beast.
Mate isa creature.
Mate never answers.
Mate stop with an mini helmets.
Mate stop with an spalding tour forged irons.
Mate wipe a hammer in any pale vibrating panties.
Mates affect productivity.
Mates also communicate with nose pointing and body vibrations.
Mates also supervise and coordinate activities for the crew aboard the ship.
Mates also use a non-fat dry milk powder.
Mates are able to quickly identify the sounds of their partner.
Mates are animals.
Mates are beverages.
Mates are fiercely loyal to each other.
Mates are found prior to arriving at the colonies, and mating takes place at sea.
Mates are friends.
Mates are hollies.
Mates are memory.
Mates are officers.
Mates are software.
Mates attract by producing squealing and clicking calls.
Mates become fathers.
Mates bring food.
Mates can produce babies with higher stats if both mates have high stats.
Mates defend their territory during breeding and sing territorial songs.
Mates depend on tips to augment their income.
Mates find each other by means of strong scent marks left by anal glands.
Mates find food.
Mates follow patterns.
Mates follow routes.
Mates follow seasonal breed patterns.
Mates follow seasonal patterns.
Mates give birth to offspring.
Mates have (part) brains.
Mates have (part) cell membranes.
Mates have (part) cells.
Mates have (part) corpi.
Mates have (part) cytoplasm.
Mates have (part) ears.
Mates have (part) faces.
Mates have (part) heads.
Mates have (part) nuclei.
Mates have (part) plasma membranes.
Mates have (part) sections.
Mates have (part) skulls.
Mates have (part) vacuoles.
Mates have more advanced training.
Mates Here is the herald, the spirited bearer of tiding.
Mates keep in contact.
Mates live in separate dens which are normally in close proximity.
Mates occur during periods.
Mates occur in environments.
Mates oversee the operation of the vessel and stand watch for part of the day.
Mates pair up immediately upon females' arrival, and males guard mates against interloping birds.
Mates perform functions.
Mates produce male offspring.
Mates produce offspring.
Mates provide extensive paternal care in polyandrous relationships.
Mates say in statements.
Mates sire offspring.
Mates sit side by side and preen their partners.
Mates stay together about six weeks before to breed.
Mates stay together through the breeding season, often sit outside the burrow.
Mates supervise crew members engaged in maintenance and the primary up-keep of the vessel.
Mates typically stick together for the long run and become very devoted parents.
Mates usually breed in ponds when it is raining in the spring.
Mates usually work for very little or no salary.
All mates are first class and work for tips.
Many mates steak out the fish and then cut out the eyes of the steak.
Most mates affect productivity.
Most mates become fathers.
Most mates bring food.
Most mates find food.
Most mates follow patterns.
Most mates follow routes.
Most mates follow seasonal breed patterns.
Most mates follow seasonal patterns.
Most mates give birth to offspring.
Most mates have prior command of larger sailing vessels.
Most mates keep in contact.
Most mates occur during periods.
Most mates occur in environments.
Most mates perform functions.
Most mates produce male offspring.
Most mates produce offspring.
Most mates say in statements.
Some mates get reaction.
Some mates get wind.
Some mates have courtship dances.
Some mates have dances.
Some mates have effects.
Some mates have opposite effects.
Some mates have properties.
Some mates have quality.
Some mates have tails.
Some mates have white tails.
Some mates have years.
Some mates occur during months.
Some mates occur during rainy seasons.
Some mates occur during seasons.
Some mates occur in late springs.
Some mates occur in springs.
Some mates provide food.
Some mates survive winter.
Some mates use echolocation.
Mated birds stay together throughout the year, and typically remain paired until one bird dies.
Mated females chew a hole in the pecan shell and deposit eggs inside.
Mated females chew crevices along leaf petioles in which they lay eggs.
Mated females deposit one to six eggs, which develop partially before the first frost.
Mated females leave the overwintering sites before the males.
Mated females live about two months.
Mated females prefer woodland streams and riparian areas.
Mated females produce offspring of both sexes.
Mated females produce predominately females.
Mated females respond much more readily to other flash patterns.
Mated females use their needle-like ovipositor to punch a hole in the leaf and lay eggs.
Mated herons defend a zone immediately around their nest against intrusion of other birds.
Mated males are much more likely to remate than virgins.
Mated mother exposed to the test compound at several dose levels include a control.
Mated pairs are generally most productive if cock and hen are of decidedly different ages.
Mated pairs are most successful when introduced during the first year of life.
Mated pairs are territorial, and both the female and male mark and defend their territory.
Mated pairs are the basic unit of maned wolf social organization.
Mated pairs are usually monogamous.
Mated pairs have a characteristic hovering display flight.
Mated penguins can recognize one another through vocal and visual mechanisms within the colony.
Mated queen is the only one to survive the frosts.
Mated queens lay eggs which become workers or queens.
A mater is a mother
Mater aerumnis confecta, ora pro nobis.
Mater is a highly regarded media rights campaigner as well as a journalist.
Mater isa mother.
Maters are mothers.
Maters have (part) arms.
Maters have (part) body substances.
Maters have (part) cell membranes.
Maters have (part) cells.
Maters have (part) corpi.
Maters have (part) cytoplasm.
Maters have (part) heads.
Maters have (part) human bodies.
Maters have (part) legs.
Maters have (part) material bodies.
Maters have (part) necks.
Maters have (part) nuclei.
Maters have (part) personality.
Maters have (part) plasma membranes.
Maters have (part) sections.
Maters have (part) vacuoles.
All mater is made from a combination of atoms.
Material abundance breeds iniquity and spiritual despair.
Material abundance is the surest path to destruction.
Material abundance seems to be the most important achievement.
Material actions can mirror what is happening on a spiritual level as well.
Material advancement means there is amply opportunity for eating, sleeping, mating, and defending.
Material advantages range from merchandise discounts to a credit union.
Material assistance is given on an emergency basis.
Material assistance is of value for a time but the gospel gives life eternal.
Material Balances See individual case study.
Material beings perish while the soul is immortal.
Material benefits are insufficient to explain polyandry in the yellow mealworm beetle.
Material characterisation is very important for the evaluation of new developped materials.
Material characterization is studied through experimental design techniques.
Material charity is the least part of generosity.
Material choice is largely dependent on the application.
Material choices are part of the design of all things.
Material civilization advances through the physical association of mankind.
Material civilization is like the body and spiritual civilization is like the soul.
Material civilization is like unto the lamp, while spiritual civilization is the light in that lamp.
Any Material civilization prides itself on show and parade.
Material compatibility is critical to the safe operation of a system and personnel safety.
Material component is a caltrop.
Material component is a clay figurine of an octopus, which is destroyed during the casting.
Material component is a piece of gargoyle skin.
Material component is quartz gem, which is consumed during the casting.
Material composition is a concern for some customers.
Material composition is a primary control on slope stability.
Material concerns are troubled.
Material conditions are a lot worse.
Material conditions are similarly favorable.
Material conditions diminish for the majority, whilst a minority revels in unimaginable wealth.
Material consequences flow from that result.
Material conservation is the conservation of a quantity moving along with the flow.
Material considerations are far less important than affection, security and stability.
Material controls relate to inventory and material-yield controls.
Material cost is a major component of the finished product.
Material cost is additional.
Material cost is defined as vendor's invoiced cost plus tax.
Material cost is mid-range among the elastoplastics.
Material cost is very low.
Material costs are extra.
Material costs are great as are maintenance costs.
Material costs are less since the cuttings root directly in the finishing pot and media.
Material costs can be lower if reusing materials.
Material costs change.
Material costs stem from such products as hide, beads, thread and fur trimming.
Material costs vary with project.
All material costs are the same as listed above.
Material creation is enthroned in the highest heavens.
Material culture does resist.
Material culture fills the economic and aesthetic gap left by oral histories and written records.
Material culture includes the material things people create which reflect symbolic culture.
Material culture includes weapons, machines, eating utensils, jewelry, hair styles, and clothing .
Material culture is a powerful tool that can express gender, ethnicity, class, and power relations.
Material culture is also important to companies contemplating international expansion.
Material culture is one part of the inertia of tradition.
Material culture is the realm of three dimensional objects that make up our everyday environment.
Material culture is the result of human behaviour and perceptions.
Material culture refers to objects identifiable with a group.
Material culture refers to the demand for goods and products.
Material damage estimating experience is a plus.
Material damage inflicted is great.
Material damage is considerable.
Material damage is great.
Material damage is immense.
Material development is responsible for the research, development and production validation.
Material developments are key to meeting each of the above requirements.
Material dispersion is more significant for single-mode than multimode fibers.
Material displacement is minimized.
Material donations serve as the foundation of our organization.
Material elements can only be signs or symbols of spiritual reality.
Material enjoyment is small happiness, and enlightenment is great happiness in life.
Material equality is seen as a fair solution to the world situation.
Material evidence is harder to contradict than memories.
Material evidence is mute for speaking to soul.
Material exchanges provide lists of usable materials both available to and needed from companies.
Material explosion contains ash and lapili.
Material facts are in dispute which are necessary to determine each of the four cases.
Material fee includes a stencil and box.
Material fee includes film or disposable cameras and developing.
Material fee is extra.
Material fire consumeth the body, whereas the fire of the tongue devoureth both heart and soul.
Material flexibility allows for vibration, movement, and rapid changes in temperature.
Material flow analyses provide results.
Material force is the ultima ratio of political society everywhere.
Material gain is a stated social goal.
Material gain is the highest objective.
Material gain is the only measure of success in a patriarchal world.
Material gains are forthcoming.
Material gifts are a romantic turn on.
Material gifts are like that.
Material goals are easy to describe.
Material gold is, then, only a symbol.
Material goods are for the adult what toys are for the child.
Material goods are necessary for survival, But the love of money is the root of all manner of evil.
Material goods are never truly satisfying.
Material goods are really just a shot of novocaine in the game of life.
Most material goods produce within geographic regions.
Most material goods produce within regions.
Material goods produce within geographic regions.
Material goods produce within regions.
Material gradation depends on the speed of the reclaimer.
Material growth is based on unspiritual values.
Material happiness is merely the gratification of some desire.
Material happiness is temporary.
Material holdings consist of books, cassettes, videos, records, foreigh language materials, etc.
Material information is provided by the listing party and is believed to be reliable.
Material insecurity suggests temporary devices.
Material ism is a dependence on such goods, and is idolatry.
Material knowledge is of a specific subject matter, either nature or freedom.
Material knowledge is practically no knowledge whatsoever.
Material knowledge leads to accumulation of facts and imperfect transitory theories.
Material level is based upon the worldly things and upon the flesh.
Material life has a purpose.
Material life involves the production and distribution of goods and services.
Material life is as old as humankind.
Material life is life centered on the individual person.
Material life is primarily purposeful.
Material life looks good on the outside, but it is rotten within.
Material logic is concerned with the content of argumentation.
Material loss is represented as a nano-resistor.
Material management is responsible to have the materials on site for manufacturing.
Material management is the final step in the planning process.
Material manufacturers produce plastics, paper, metals, and glass.
Material media are no more than technological switches.
Material modifications are also subject to approval.
Material motive is central objective of elites in pursuit of power, privilege and wealth.
Material movement can also create strains and pulls on individual's backs and legs.
Material nature is inferior to consciousness.
Material objects are essentially external to each other.
Material objects are now to be seen as collections of sense data.
Material objects can change back to pure energy if given the right stimulus.
Material objects consist of atoms.
Material objects exist.
All material objects are composed of atoms.
Every material object has a natural resonant frequency at which it vibrates.
Every material object is either a mereological atom or a living thing.
More material obstacles stand in the way of most victims.
Material opulence means to take birth in high family, janma.
Material participation is significant participation in producing crops or livestock.
Material pleasures have another limitation.
Material pleasures have severe limitations.
A material possession is a property
Material possessions are no longer an issue.
Material possessions are of vital importance to the techie.
Material possessions are properties.
Material possessions can be a sign of poor spiritual health and be disruptive to society.
Material possessions can be convenient, comforting, and enjoyable.
Material possessions hold little worth.
Material poverty is compounded by poverty of purpose.
Material production is the size reduction of post-consumer tyres.
Material progress become an American god.
Material progress creates problems that are, or seem to be, soluble only by further progress.
Material progress ensures the happiness of the human world.
Material progress insures the happiness of the human world.
Material progress is all that matters.
Material progress is indeed sustainable.
Material properties are stochastic values.
Material properties can also affect the performance of brick.
Material properties can be temperature dependent.
Material properties can be time or temperature dependent.
Material properties depend on the kinds of atom the material is made from.
All material properties begin with the atomic structure and the properties of the atoms involved.
All material properties seem to follow from low-level physical properties.
Most material properties are semiconstant as the view direction or lighting changes.
Most material properties are semi-constant as the view direction or lighting changes.
Material quality is in the concentration and structure of matter.
Material range includes adhesives, epoxies, urethanes, silicones, polysulphides, and acrylics.
Material reality exists only potentially until rendered actual by observation.
Material reality is an illusion and is inferior to spiritual reality.
Material reality is really non-existent.
Material reality is such a mess.
Material refills are available.
Material relocation is conducted in a unsafe manner.
Material removal is most efficient where the magnetic field lines run parallel to the target face.
Material replacement is a personal choice.
Material retention is the component of the material cycle time during which no value is added.
Material science deal with characteristics.
Material science holds only the barren immensity of a cosmos man can only hope to dimly grasp.
Material science is deeply rooted in chemistry.
Material scientists enter territory.
Material scientists hold degrees.
Material scientists study materials.
Most material scientists enter territory.
Most material scientists hold degrees.
Most material scientists study materials.
Some material scientists report confinements.
Some material scientists report magnetic confinements.
Some material scientists use equipment.
Some material scientists use test equipment.
Some material scientists work with specialists.
Material selection advise to manufacturers.
Material selection can be a complicated task.
Material selection is also method specific.
Material selection is an important component of building projects.
Material selection is important.
Material selection is one key to reining in cost.
Material selection is the foundation of all engineering application and design.
Most material selection is made without the item in hand.
Material selectivity is accomplished by using specific gas chemistries for different materials.
Material storage sheds adjacent to the stone farmhouse which predates the railroad.
Material strengths vary over a wide range.
Material substance is drawn into the Sun, light is thrown out from the Sun.
Material substitution has economic, environmental and reduced liability benefits.
Material substitution means the use of lesser or even nontoxic materials.
Material success is a valid measure of success in life.
Material success is considered to be very important.
Material success is great.
Material sufficiency is just the foundation and the beginning.
Material support is one thing, but also moral and political support.
Material support is provided through various diocesan appeals.
Material support is provided to assist assessment completion.
Material test reports for all the available O-Seal Compounds are also included.
Material testing is needed to verify product safety and market claims.
Material things are good.
Material things are just tools for higher values.
Material things are limited, circumscribed, finite.
Material things are no replacement for human, emotional love.
Material things are Satanic.
Material things are still vital.
Material things are the fuel that fires our lust.
Material things are usually the focus of our attention.
Material things become outdated.
Material things can be, and have been, replaced.
Material things come and go, but a person s characteristics stick forever.
Material things come and go.
Material things feed the emotional desires and attachments of our ego.
Material things have no creation or destruction.
Material things have very little if any value.
Material things lose their taste.
All material things progress to a certain point, then begin to decline.
Material thoughts make a material body.
Most material today is too packaged, too scientific, too product-line oriented.
Material transformation is clearly the instrument of abundance.
Material transport is unproductive, costly, and hazardous.
Material type is down to personal preference.
Material type plays key to the amount of amperage needed to properly hardcoat anodize.
Material uniformity is typically quite good throughout the mixture both laterally and vertically.
Material use is reduced in each subsequent step on the construction process.
Material utilization is maximized.
All material waste is collected and properly disposed of.
Material wealth comes and goes.
Material wealth helps to insure a stable future for the children.
Material wealth is but an illusion.
Material wealth is nothing without inner happiness, it is pointless.
Material wealth is only transient.
Material wealth offers no solace or comfort as man faces death.
Most material work lasts forever.
A material is a substance
Material affects neural transmission.
Material also addresses ways in which countries vary in business attire and protocol.
Material also appropriate for teachers who wish to make use of tape recorder in the classroom.
Material also includes how countries vary in business attire and protocol.
Material also incorporates coverage of situations in Russia and the Czech Republic.
Material also pertains to employment programs and urban planning.
Material appearing on the web page is mainly available in readable form.
Material appears to be bone.
Material appears unhealthy.
Material applies to all property types.
Material applies to profit and non-profit organizations and to all types of business.
Material archived here is for research purposes.
Material assigned by instructor consitutes the core readings.
Material assumes more random molecular structure when cooling.
Material becomes slippery on contact with water.
Material becomes very slippery when wet.
Material being hosted at a university site is insufficient grounds to conclude that it is correct.
Material being ripped can move from either right or left side.
Material being taught are rules.
Material bouncing into or out of the pans can affect results.
Material builds in complexity and technical demand.
Material can accumulate electrostatic charges which can cause incendiary discharge.
Material can accumulate static charges which can cause an incendiary electrical discharge.
Material can also cause mechanical irritation of the eyes.
Material can always be new and interesting with different pictures, words, facts or problems.
Material can arrive at the job site prefabricated and ready to place.
Material can be color sorted or mixed, baled or in flakes.
Material can be cuttings, on rolls, baled or boxed.
Material can be from stage, screen or radio.
Material can be in a liquid carrier, or it can be applied as molten matter.
Material can be laser cut, die cut, shear cut or cut with a saw.
Material can be proofread online or offline, with or without manuscript backup and changes.
Material can be text, image, sound, video, fact, or fiction.
Material can be unwanted for a variety of reasons.
Material can burn.
Material can cause slight irritation and skin sensitization.
Material can fall out or files fall down.
Material can include images, movie clips, or documents.
Material can move downslope by a. sliding b. flowing c. heaving d. falling e.
Material can range from clay sized particles to boulder sized particles.
Material can range from true-blue erotica to romance to discussion of attitudes towards sex.
Material can react with strong oxidizing agents.
Material can react with water liberating extreme heat.
Material can remain inside a vesicle or outside cell at all times.
Material causes permanent stains.
Material changes each year.
Material changes regularly.
Material comes from a set of journal articles and book chapters.
Material comes from a wide range of sources.
Material comes from deconstruction process of automobile dashboards.
Material comes from leading organizations and professionals in the field of learning disabilities.
Material comes from leading peer-reviewed journals and research institutions.
Material comes from lectures, papers, and the text.
Material comes from public and private organizations and access is free.
Material comes from seasons in Adelaide, Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney.
Material comes in various colors as well as white.
Material concerning fen navigations are to be found in several series.
Material concerning the System Definition Phase is avaliable here .
Material consists of asphalt roofing shingle scrap.
Material consists of case studies, selected articles, commentaries and judicial biographies.
Material consists of letters, reports, minutes of meetings, addresses.
Material consists of old children's songs.
Material consists of unpublished research papers by eminent faculty in the field of Marketing.
Material contain Page toward some company over a man.
Material containing writing, such as the popular millennium material also is OK to use.
Material contains eligibility information about job loss through foreign imports.
Material continues to be added to the collection.
Material copyrighted by others is used by permission.
Material costs extra.
Material covered also includes signal reflections and their causes and amplitudes.
Material covered by the presenters is testable on examinations.
Material covered during class discussion periods is integral to the content of the course.
Material covered in class is additional to the textbook and aims to extend the textbook.
Material covered in discussion sections is fair game for exams.
Material covered in each exam is covered in the lectures preceding the particular hour exam.
Material covered in presentations is potential exam material.
Material covered in the first three exams is specified in the list of reading assignments.
Material covered in the laboratory is instrumental to understanding the lecture material.
Material covered in transcription exercises is what is covered in the quizzes.
Material covered in two high school subjects is assumed knowledge for the course.
Material covered includes beef, veal, lamb, pork, poultry and game, and variety meats.
Material covered includes communication skills, job search and personal development.
Material covered includes computer systems engineering and non-technical subjects.
Material covered includes cutting and processing, cooking methods, preparation of specialty seafood.
Material covered includes ecology, environmental protection, and marine pollution.
Material covered includes electricity and magnetism, waves and sound, optics, and modern physics.
Material covered includes electronics, solid state, programmable controls and troubleshooting.
Material covered includes evolution, witchcraft, magic, and other religions.
Material covered includes journals, books, dissertations, and reports.
Material covered includes menu planning and presentation.
Material covered includes presentation, salads and sandwich preparation.
Material covered includes probability of single and multiple events and conditional probability.
Material covered includes purchasing and inventory control, cost control and financial informationn.
Material covered includes quick breads, cakes, icing and fillings and cookies.
Material covered includes relevant professional pronouncements.
Material covered includes stocks and glazes, thickening agents, soups, consomme and specialty soups.
Material covered includes topics such as introductions, verbs, foods, objects, and shapes.
Material covered is based on the needs of the individual.
Material covered is mechanics, circuits, electricity and magnetism.
Material covered is related to both humans and non-human subjects.
Material covered on the tests is a fair game for the final.
Material covers building science principles and energy efficient details.
Material covers court, merchant class, yeomen, and peasants.
Material covers German history, culture and more.
Material covers good nutrition, the dangers of smoking and body systems.
Material covers politics, media criticism, human rights, and environmentalism.
Material covers safety and defense in a technical and practical framework.
Material covers the earth, moon, planets, sun and other stars.
Material covers thorax, abdomen, pelvis, and brain ventricles.
Material dealing with required and potential adult education involvement is shown in boldfaced type.
Material dealing with the Iran-Contra uproar is treated separately.
Material dealing with the music industry is purchased selectively.
Material decides from the get go what the shape is going to be in general.
Material degrades when exposed to light.
Material deposited by a glacier can take many forms.
Material documenting the model is also available from the web site.
Material does appear to have moved down slopes, however.
Material does move around.
Material ejected during the eruption returns to the surface and the recycling process is repeated.
Material emphasizes modern techniques and their uses in answering questions at the molecular level.
Material emphasizes the pathophysiology, assessment and treatment of ischemic heart disease.
Material especially lends itself to parental guidance and involvement.
Material exists to form life elsewhere.
Material expands and contracts in volume and particles move back and forth in the path of the wave.
Material expands to give every man a perfect fit.
Material explains merchant superiority hiring statistician drive railway.
Material falls back into the crater forming terraces along the inner wall.
Material fills the mold while it is in the closed position.
Material fits neatly on one or two pages.
Material fits neatly on one page or two pages.
Material flowing from the donor star forms a disc around the more massive white dwarf.
Material flows freely between the dream realm and waking reality.
Material flows from one region to another, rather than from one chemical species to another.
Material flows from the pump into a falling film degasser chamber.
Material focuses on the nutritional requirements of horses for growth, reproduction and work.
Material generally achieves the outcomes and objectives.
Material generated by guitars, objects, process, mix.
Material generated for pay basically belongs to the customer per contract.
Material gets off to a fast start up the blower pipe.
Material gives bacterial films the heave-ho .
Material glows on ignition and burns without a visible flame.
Material goes perfect with room.
Material goes up into the sinuses and down the throat.
Material has a limited life and it is stored cold.
Material has an offensive odor.
Material has applications in business, health care, etc.
Material has characteristics of a hazardous waste.
Material has excellent flow, wet edge and levelling characteristics.
Material has low level of oral toxicity.
Material has removable contact paper on both sides.
Material has strong solvent properties and can soften paint or rubber.
Material has substantially more etch capability than ammonium persulfate etchants.
Material has the potential to be a severe health risk.
Material has to be received prior to deadline.
Material has to be selected, collected, prepared and digitised.
Material has to possess good flatness, uniform hardness and high elasticity.
Material here celebrates the culture of the Arabic and Islamic world.
Material here is the main concern.
Material here ranges from the sobering to the bizarre.
Material impacting the disk at high latitude is channeled into the accretion column.
Material includes a mandible, pelvis, hindlimb , scapulocoracoid , and partial forelimb.
Material includes a review of workers' compensation record keeping.
Material includes all subspecialty areas of physical medicine and rehabilitation.
Material includes archives, audiovisual resources, books and printed music.
Material includes books, past exams, problem sets, notes, readings and assignments.
Material includes both abstract and factual information.
Material includes both skill development and theory.
Material includes case studies and research examining pertinent policies and practices.
Material includes clippings, correspondence, photographs, postcards, and roster.
Material includes correspondence, reports, bills and resolutions, and printed material.
Material includes descriptions of problems faced and approaches used to improve water quality.
Material includes films, novels, memoirs, reportage, and histories.
Material includes focus group results, targeted surveys, and public hearing comments.
Material includes French, German, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish language publications.
Material includes how to determine if writing has been altered, obliterated or erased.
Material includes information on learning, auditions, competitions, links, and more.
Material includes installation, set up and testing of fuel units.
Material includes lesson plans, activities, and links to online resources.
Material includes memos, reports, notes, and correspondence.
Material includes Mendelian genetics, population genetics, and quantitative genetics.
Material includes molds, printing plates and other latent representational objects.
Material includes notes and published articles.
Material includes paraphernalia such as T-shirts, stickers, cups, pins, posters, video, etc.
Material includes philosophical and ethnomusicological texts, ethnographies and case studies.
Material includes press releases, addresses, statements, and current treaty information.
Material includes qustions and is organized in a manner that facilitates classroom use.
Material includes relevant instrumentation and exposure to clinical situations.
Material includes some touring information and some seasons at the Festival of Perth.
Material includes songs, interviews and photographs.
Material includes sources and interpretations by the author.
Material includes streaming video, audio, text, images and animated content.
Material includes text, images, tables, and maps.
Material includes that of academics, novelists and playwrights.
Material includes the nature of drug use, signs to look for, and confronting drug usage.
Material includes topographical views of Athens.
Material indexed includes journals, books, conference proceedings, web sties, and more.
Material indexed includes obituaries, diaries and collective biographies among other sources.
Material indexed includes regional business publications and articles from major newspapers.
Material is a cathartic and can cause serious diarrhea.
Material is a mechanical irritant for skin, eyes and upper respiratory system.
Material Is a mechanical irritant for skin, eyes and upper respiratory system.
Material is a mild eye irritant.
Material is a potential skin sensitizer.
Material is a proven shock absorber for football helmets and the shooting sports.
Material is a solid adhesive.
Material is a solid.
Material is a strong oxidizer and corrosive.
Material is a strong solvent and can soften paints and rubber.
Material is a suspension of insoluble plastic spheres in water.
Material is a yard wide and seams are strengthened with tape.
Material is accepted during operating hours.
Material is accepted in most any format, although Jean prefers e-mail or diskettes.
Material is accessed through a number of card catalogs.
Material is accessible according to popularity, category, company, region, or URL domain name.
Material is accessible via a listing of artists, or according to the play which they illustrate.
Material is acid proof, temperature insensitive.
Material is acquired in part to develop the critical ability of teachers.
Material is acquired more selectively in politics and the social sciences.
Material is acquired through donation, purchase, trade, and field collection.
Material is added and updated continually.
Material is added and updated daily.
Material is added as the course progresses.
Material is added at the surface, and gets pulled down and mixed throughout the vessel.
Material is added constantly.
Material is added daily, so check often.
Material is added daily.
Material is added on a frequent basis.
Material is added on an ongoing basis.
Material is added regularly and articles and news are in English or French.
Material is added regularly in English and French.
Material is added to on a regular basis, so keep checking back to see what's new.
Material is added to the database on a selective rather than comprehensive basis.
Material is added to the links on a regular basis.
Material is added to the top and the finished compost is taken out of the bottom.
Material is aimed at business, consumers, and children.
Material is also available for a donation through the home office in Colorado Springs.
Material is also available for pre-emergent readers developing oral language skills.
Material is also available for private study in over a hundred and twenty languages.
Material is also available from other libraries through interlibrary loans.
Material is also available in our quality mail bid sales or at fixed prices.
Material is also available on careers, internships, and graduate programs.
Material is also available on microfiche, microfilm and bound.
Material is also available on the web.
Material is also available to help foster and adopted children do life story work.
Material is an animal feed ingredient.
Material is an aqueous organic.
Material is an irritant to mucous membranes and upper respiratory tract.
Material is an irritant.
Material is applied by a trowel.
Material is appropriate and interesting for all adult age groups.
Material is appropriate for juniors and seniors with learning disabilities.
Material is appropriate for self-study or classroom environment.
Material is approximately equal for both sides, and the opposing Kings can become aggressive.
Material is archived.
Material is arranged alphabetically by subject, generally by college.
Material is arranged alphabetically by subject.
Material is arranged alphabetically by the name of the site.
Material is arranged alphabetically by topic.
Material is arranged alphabetically.
Material is arranged by agency, subject matter and region, with searchable access.
Material is arranged by agency, subject matter, and region with searchable access.
Material is arranged by discipline and by educational issue, and is regularly added and updated.
Material is arranged by height and width instead of call number order.
Material is arranged by subject and allocated a class number.
Material is arranged by subject in chronological order.
Material is arranged by subject.
Material is arranged by topic.
Material is arranged chronologically and then alphabetically by county.
Material is arranged chronologically within each folder.
Material is arranged chronologically within each series.
Material is arranged chronologically within individual family units.
Material is arranged chronologically.
Material is arranged geographically.
Material is arranged in chronological order by decade within each folder.
Material is arranged in chronological order.
Material is arranged systematically rather than chronologically.
Material is assigned that is based on a diagnostic test and a conference to determine student goals.
Material is attached buff .
Material is attached on goldenrod .
Material is attached on salmon .
Material is attached on yellow .
Material is available and questions are answered.
Material is available as a complete set or as separate chapters.
Material is available as individual discs or complete sets.
Material is available at libraries, bookstores and county extension offices.
Material is available at the moment it is published.
Material is available currently in English.
Material is available cut to any length.
Material is available for both a professional and a lay audience.
Material is available for church related prison ministries.
Material is available for people with disabilities.
Material is available for reference or borrowing.
Material is available for rental, duplication, stock, purchase, broadcast, or cablecast purposes.
Material is available for research while they are considering and preparing their positions.
Material is available for sale.
Material is available for use only in the reading rooms.
Material is available full text online.
Material is available in advance at the library and everyone is welcome to join.
Material is available in all price ranges from a couple of hundred dollars to many thousands.
Material is available in both print and electronic formats on either CD-ROMs or online databases.
Material is available in data and or graphic form.
Material is available in either clear or black.
Material is available in English and German.
Material is available in our quality mail bid sales or at fixed prices.
Material is available in print and electronic formats.
Material is available in the proper quantities, exactly when needed.
Material is available in white, almond, gray and dozens of rich wood-grains.
Material is available on annual subscription.
Material is available on starting a self-help group.
Material is available on the web.
Material is available through pamphlets, student handbooks, faculty handbooks, and personnel policy.
Material is available to all library members.
Material is available to assist persons in completing the death certificate.
Material is available to research institutions on request.
Material is available to the public through public sales, bid solicitations, and auctions.
Material is aviable for free if picked up.
Material is baled and loose.
Material is based on commonly understood physical concepts and principles.
Material is based on information from the author's clients and panels.
Material is beech-tree wood.
Material is believed to be sycamore or cypress wood.
Material is biodegradable.
Material is bisque and meticulously detailed.
Material is blocked based on an advanced built-in library of words, phrases and context rules.
Material is blown out into space.
Material is borrowed from other institutions all across North America.
Material is bought from the timber yard.
Material is broken down by region and topic.
Material is brought in daily by the groundskeepers and source separated in staging areas.
Material is brought to the spreader by barge, where water is added to slurry the sand.
Material is by an Oklahoma author or about Oklahoma.
Material is carried in streams as suspended load, bed load, and dissolved load.
Material is categorized by subject and organized alphabetically.
Material is chosen that is timely and instructive for the planned audience.
Material is classified as a combustible liquid.
Material is classified into categories such as pornography, hate, news, education, and so on.
Material is classified into tax law, business law and legal text groupings.
Material is clay, acrylic and glaze.
Material is clipped from local English and Chinese newspapers.
Material is collected from the store twice a day.
Material is collected in all major European languages .
Material is collected in both printed format and on microform.
Material is collected in the major languages of Western and Eastern Europe.
Material is collected only in the English language.
Material is combustible, therefore avoid contact with heat, sparks, or open flame.
Material is combustible.
Material is completely recyclable.
Material is comprehensive and contains no clear bias of purpose other than to inform.
Material is comprehensive, yet condensed to be suitable for a one-term course.
Material is concerned with research-level and university mathematics.
Material is considered inert.
Material is considered stable under normal ambient and anticipated storage and handling conditions.
Material is considered to form a collection even if it is bound together, as in an album .
Material is consolidated on the receiving surface by the high-impact velocity.
Material is constantly under review for potential use.
Material is contributed by physicians.
Material is contributed by public and private organizations around the country and access is free.
Material is cool, color is as shown, good value.
Material is copied from resources.
Material is copyrighted by various people and organizations, as listed below.
Material is copyrighted.
Material is Copyrighted.
Material is corrosive to ferrous and mild steel materials.
Material is corrosive.
Material is covered almost totally as practical work in class with a few outside projects.
Material is covered at the learner's best pace .
Material is covered at the rate of approximately two chapters per week.
Material is created so that the navigation and controls are intuitive.
Material is cross-referenced to the instrumentation section wherever appropriate.
Material is culled from four albums, here along with two previously unreleased items.
Material is currently available from various reference documentation and related web sites .
Material is dated, but title is funny.
Material is defined as any item used in the actual construction of a project.
Material is delivered.
Material is dependent on what is available at the nest site.
Material is deposited in a cone from a fixed point.
Material is deposited in a series of cones.
Material is designated as hazardous waste until all solvents and vapors have evaporated.
Material is designated as sulfide ore, leach ore, or low-grade leach ore.
Material is designed for practical application.
Material is designed to enhance teacher learning and to support change in assessment practice.
Material is dictated for salable copy and transcribed within a time limit.
Material is diluteable with water.
Material is dipped into the chemical, creating a dappled look.
Material is discharged through a hopper whereby it can be recirculated for a second pass.
Material is discharged via reverse rotation.
Material is dishwasher safe.
Material is dispensed by lifting the needle out of the tip, or valve seat.
Material is displayed in a very organized and detailed fashion.
Material is divided by subject and arranged chronologically within each subject folder.
Material is divided by subject matter and grade level.
Material is divided into a number of sections and is regularly updated.
Material is divided into seven eras.
Material is divided into various sequences, normal, oversize, pamphlets, elephant, and store.
Material is drawn from a wide range of cultures, focusing on creation and new life.
Material is drawn from scholarly and popular discourses.
Material is drawn from scriptural, theological, literary and artistic sources.
Material is drawn from the normal star and spirals in via an accretion disk onto the compact star.
Material is drawn from traditional academic books as well as from current media.
Material is drawn primarily from Western traditions, and includes cross-cultural references.
Material is drawn principally from the primary literature.
Material is dry blended with filler, tableted, and coated.
Material is due by closing of the third day.
Material is due by the date and time noted on the date due slip.
Material is due on time.
Material is easier to navigate if it is arranged by content or function.
Material is easier to read with ample white space.
Material is easier to understand and more enjoyable when images accompany verbal descriptions.
Material is easy to drill or nail and can be nailed without pre-drilling.
Material is easy to understand and very useful for applications later in life.
Material is edited so that the writing style is consistent throughout the newspaper.
Material is ejected in jets that emit radio waves, and heated gas produces X-ray emission.
Material is encoded for electronic tracking within the Internet.
Material is entirely gaseous.
Material is envisioned to be published in printed and multimedia form.
Material is especially good for performance in high frequencies.
Material is everyday stuff - social interactions, flirting, emotions, and more.
Material is excavated out of spheres far removed from war and the conduct of public affairs.
Material is excerpted from The Grove Concise Dictionary of Music.
Material is excluded if it is strictly local in context.
Material is extremely destructive to eyes and skin.
Material is extremely destructive to eyes.
Material is extremely destructive to skin.
Material is extremely destructive to the eyes.
Material is extremely destructive to the mucous membranes and the upper respiratory tract.
Material is extremely destructive to the mucous membranes and upper respiratory tract.
Material is extremely destructive to the mucous membranes of the upper respiratory tract.
Material is extremely destructive to the skin.
Material is extremely destructive to the tissue of the eyes and skin.
Material is extremely destructive to the tissue of the mucous membranes and upper respiratory tract.
Material is extremely destructive to tissue of the eyes.
Material is extremely destructive to tissue of the mucous membranes and upper respiratory tract.
Material is extremely destructive to tissue of the skin.
Material is extremely destructive to tissues of the mucous membrane and upper respiratory tract.
Material is extremely destructive to tissues of the skin and eyes.
Material is extremely flammable.
Material is fairly old but still relevant.
Material is fairly technical.
Material is fed into the drum, through an automatic feed system.
Material is fetched from store and made available to users on arrival.
Material is filed alphabetically by association name.
Material is filed alphabetically by topic.
Material is filed by date due.
Material is filed by faculty name.
Material is flame resistant.
Material is flame retardant plastic.
Material is flammable, extremely flammable or combustible.
Material is flammable, store in a cool dry area away from heat sources.
Material is flammable.
Material is for browsing only unless otherwise noted.
Material is for educational purposes only.
Material is for investigational use only in laboratory animals or in-vitro experiments.
Material is for nonprofit use and distribution.
Material is for rent or sale.
Material is for sale a quite reasonable prices.
Material is for sale or in some cases for rent.
Material is for sale or rent.
Material is forced radially outward at the edge of the disk.
Material is free if picked up.
Material is free of charge.
Material is from an institution which has had little involvement in digitization initiatives.
Material is from reference materials and journals.
Material is from the text and lecture.
Material is from the text, readings, and lecture.
Material is furnished by members and gleaned from a variety of other sources.
Material is gathered during the whole education.
Material is gathered into lines, for decorative effect.
Material is geared for both adult and young adult audiences.
Material is general reference only.
Material is given by campaign with a breakdown of both battle and non battle losses.
Material is gravity fed into the hopper and drops into the center of a high-speed tube.
Material is great.
Material is grouped according to subject area.
Material is grouped chronologically within each series.
Material is grouped first by provider, and second by type.
Material is handed out for the duration of that day.
Material is hard to find.
Material is harder.
Material is harmful or fatal if swallowed.
Material is here from the show's past four seasons.
Material is highly supportive and provides the needed comfort for a productive day.
Material is hot.
Material is identified for preservation as it returns from circulation or use in the library.
Material is illustrated with case studies from the Mobile area.
Material is immediately available for pickup.
Material is impact resistant polystyrene.
Material is important, invest.
Material is in a subject area which has been neglected in other digitization efforts.
Material is in English and Estonian.
Material is in English and Spanish.
Material is in English or the major European languages only.
Material is in paper sacks on skids.
Material is in poor shape.
Material is in text, pictures, photographs, images, movies, and sound.
Material is in thick paste form.
Material is in TIFF format.
Material is included on states which contributed to the settlement of Kentucky.
Material is incorporated into the course topics as above.
Material is indexed by biblical passage and author.
Material is indexed by subject annually and quinquennially.
Material is injected that clots off the blood vessel, causing the fibroid to shrink over time.
Material is insured while in our possession.
Material is integrated to eliminate redundancies, and the presentation is more concise.
Material is intended primarily for use in the library.
Material is intended to assist in conducting environmental audits and environmental assessments.
Material is introduced at the optimum pace for the individual learner.
Material is irritating to mucous membranes and upper respiratory tract, exposure can cause diarrhea.
Material is issue-oriented and produced according to journalistic value.
Material is kept here until there are enough issues to make a bound book or until film is received.
Material is left in a designated area for pick up by researchers.
Material is lent in the original form or as a photocopy.
Material is lime-tree wood.
Material is limited to two renewals.
Material is listed as it appears.
Material is listed by department.
Material is listed in the library catalog, with titles in roman alphabet and vernacular scripts.
Material is listed under production title, author, theatre company, and dialogue participants.
Material is loaded, unwound, treated and cooled and rewound inside chamber.
Material is loaned throughout the state.
Material is located using keywords or questions.
Material is lost from the cooler star and is accreted by the white dwarf through a disk.
Material is made age appropriate.
Material is made available for loan to member libraries.
Material is made available without qualifications to the general guidelines.
Material is made out of the heaviest woven cloth on the market.
Material is mailed at library rate unless otherwise requested.
Material is mainly under five years old.
Material is manipulated in real time, within the digital domain.
Material is misunderstood because poorly communicated, or because level is wrong.
Material is moderately toxic.
Material is modified to the level of the students.
Material is molten or solid at room temperature, toxic.
Material is more dense than water and has limited water solubility surface.
Material is more likely to be duplicate if it is published matter rather than personal papers.
Material is most relevant for dental, medical, and nursing graduate students.
Material is most relevant to Minnesota conditions.
Material is mostly heat seal packaging scrap from laminators and contract packaging companies.
Material is mostly posterboard.
Material is naturally soft, light, and breathable.
Material is needed to build new cells.
Material is no longer a consideration.
Material is no longer determinable.
Material is non-circulating.
Material is noncombustible, non-absorptive and resistant to many chemicals.
Material is nonflammable.
Material is non-hazardous.
Material is non-toxic.
Material is normally stable at moderately elevated temperatures and pressures.
Material is now available at the Library Circulation Desk.
Material is now up on the website for public review.
Material is oak-tree wood.
Material is obtained by consulting either of the two loose-leaf binders at the front counter.
Material is obtained predominantly from new construction and renovation projects.
Material is of an educational nature.
Material is of high-school level, but can be understood by late elementary students.
Material is offered free, including ebooks to download.
Material is offered to the professional for educational purposes in a spirit of academic freedom.
Material is often easiest for teachers to use if it contains whole projects or units of study.
Material is on an advanced level.
Material is on the First floor in the International Organisations Collection.
Material is one sheet of test questions.
Material is open for research if it is more than twenty years old.
Material is optional.
Material is ordered and maintenance schedules the work.
Material is ordered and work crews are scheduled and the work is started.
Material is organised under headings 'beginning', 'intermediate' and 'advanced'.
Material is organized according to task achievement.
Material is organized and indexed by project name rather than by subject.
Material is organized and presented by students.
Material is organized by broad categories which can be searched or browsed.
Material is organized by chapter.
Material is organized by copmuter model.
Material is organized by organ system for easy access to information.
Material is organized by serial number.
Material is organized by skill level, in either English or Spanish.
Material is organized by subject.
Material is organized by topic, making it an easy to use reference for consumers.
Material is organized in levels, with relationships down, up, and across.
Material is organized into chapters in a manner that parallels that of the texts.
Material is organized into Subjects, for easy access by teachers.
Material is organized logically and reflects the nature of English language.
Material is packed in bales or loose in gaylords.
Material is perfectly clean, no contamination.
Material is perforated vinyl, off white, tan or grey.
Material is pervasive and retentive.
Material is pine-tree wood.
Material is placed at a depth of about nine feet.
Material is placed in the Electronic Reserve Area at the request of the course instructor.
Material is placed loose in rolling lift carts for weekly pickup.
Material is placed on reserve in alphabetical order under the instructor's last name.
Material is placed on reserve on a quarter by quarter basis.
Material is placed on top of the contaminated sediments.
Material is polypropylene.
Material is possibly harmful if swallowed.
Material is posted as it becomes available.
Material is posted by an administrator and labeled as to cleanliness.
Material is posted for one week unless otherwise specified.
Material is posted here for educational use only.
Material is preferred to be submitted typewritten with original photos.
Material is presented a program of technical sessions, tutorials, panel discussions and workshops.
Material is presented according to categories of drugs.
Material is presented and discussions are held via the conferencing bridge.
Material is presented and explored through the activities of the production studio.
Material is presented and tested in both lecture and laboratory formats.
Material is presented as a series of skill-building exercises.
Material is presented at a comfortable pace, ensuring full comprehension.
Material is presented at approximately the eighth-grade level for language and reading skills.
Material is presented at college level.
Material is presented by an experienced instructor.
Material is presented by line or by paragraph to improve reading rate.
Material is presented by means of demonstration and description.
Material is presented by several teachers using various methods.
Material is presented chronologically and with cross-cultural comparisons.
Material is presented chronologically.
Material is presented consistently throughout the whole learning experience.
Material is presented for informational purposes only.
Material is presented for personal use of visitors only.
Material is presented from a conceptual rather than mathematical viewpoint.
Material is presented here for research and genealogical purposes only.
Material is presented in a clear and careful manner.
Material is presented in a concise manner.
Material is presented in a fashion that promotes communication skills development.
Material is presented in a Hispanic culture context.
Material is presented in a method that lacks organization.
Material is presented in a multimedia, highly interactive, user friendly environment.
Material is presented in a multimedia, highly interactive, user-friendly environment.
Material is presented in an alphabetical listing by topic for easy reference.
Material is presented in an applied manner.
Material is presented in an atmosphere that encourages class participation.
Material is presented in an excellent manner.
Material is presented in an independent manner that allows topics to be covered in any order.
Material is presented in an integrated manner through lectures, discussions and presentations.
Material is presented in an introductory fashion.
Material is presented in an orderly manner.
Material is presented in an organized method.
Material is presented in an understandable form and extra time is taken when needed.
Material is presented in an unorganized or choppy manner.
Material is presented in book and computer software form.
Material is presented in both English and French.
Material is presented in both lectures and smaller discussion groups which meet weekly.
Material is presented in case-study format.
Material is presented in classical frameworks as well as in contemporary practically-oriented ones.
Material is presented in detail and in outline form.
Material is presented in laboratory and further explored through the applied use in productions.
Material is presented in lecture and small group format.
Material is presented in lecture form with objective examinations after selected units.
Material is presented in lecture format and selected techniques are illustrated on videotape.
Material is presented in lectures and discussions.
Material is presented in simple eye-catching format.
Material is presented in three phases consisting of a number of integrative modules.
Material is presented in two reading levels.
Material is presented in various ability levels, and interactive activities to test comprehension.
Material is presented progressively but nothing is simplified.
Material is presented regionally, determined by dissection format.
Material is presented relating to developing community education programs and program planning.
Material is presented rigorously and elegantly.
Material is presented through lecture and discussion.
Material is presented through lectures, case studies, video and practicum experiences.
Material is presented through lectures, recitation, and readings and films.
Material is presented through lectures, recitation, and readings.
Material is presented through lectures, recitation, readings, and films.
Material is presented through lectures, seminars, case studies, and historical review.
Material is presented through slide lectures, videotapes, classroom discussions, and readings.
Material is presented through textbook reading, lectures, discussions, and demonstration.
Material is presented very humorously.
Material is presented via audio, text, graphics, animated demonstrations, and video.
Material is presented with a historical perspective.
Material is presented with both lecture and hands-on activities.
Material is presented within a strategy framework for the Internet economy.
Material is primarily in one foreign language.
Material is printed out by file number.
Material is processed on a first come - first served basis.
Material is processed on an on-going basis.
Material is professional, current and accurate.
Material is protected from the time it is first written down, painted or drawn, filmed or taped.
Material is provided by qualified teachers with many years of teaching experience.
Material is provided for information only.
Material is provided in paper, microfiche, CD-ROM, and on the Web.
Material is provided in yield, selection, and elite line nurseries.
Material is published as it comes to hand.
Material is published in Swedish, Danish, Norwegian or English.
Material is published on the basis of the academic merit of the material alone.
Material is purchased in a variety of formats.
Material is radioactive.
Material is rather incomplete.
Material is read in translation, and distributed in class.
Material is read without understanding.
Material is readily available.
Material is ready for online receiving.
Material is recent rather than historical.
Material is reclaimed from all positions in a line at the base of the pile parallel to the x axis.
Material is reclaimed in a series of arcs.
Material is recycled to allow for additional student practice.
Material is referenced.
Material is regulated via the water mode only.
Material is reinforced with several real-world case studies.
Material is related to outdoor sporting activities is most appropriate.
Material is relevant to purpose, situation, and audience.
Material is removed by depositing a lot of energy into the melted material which boils.
Material is removed by wet and dry deposition.
Material is removed from the top down and carried away from the picture area.
Material is rented at nominal fees.
Material is repeated and reinforced until the student reaches mastery.
Material is repeated each time the class is offered so that students can review and practice.
Material is repeated monthly Advanced registration is required.
Material is reprocessed as per specifications.
Material is restricted to use in the Library.
Material is returned in unopened boxes.
Material is reviewed for appropriateness, completeness, and content.
Material is reviewed with our staff of three neuropathologists.
Material is reviewed with the use of a built-in speech synthesizer.
Material is ripped from each surface, and there is a constant chattering between the two materials.
Material is scanned and separated into red, green, and blue filtered images.
Material is scanned directly from the original print source.
Material is scanned in black and white.
Material is scientific in nature, containing dense pages and numerous formulas.
Material is scrap.
Material is searchable and divided into health topics, life events and expert views.
Material is searchable by author.
Material is searchable by keyword, and a zoom feature permits a closer look at the illustrations.
Material is selected according to the needs and demands of the community.
Material is selected and funded by the bibliographer appropriate to the discipline.
Material is selected and ordered and donations accepted according to strict, predetermined criteria.
Material is selected from a variety of rare sources.
Material is sent directly to the student's mailing address.
Material is sent to readers via a conveyor system.
Material is sent to, assembled, and initially reviewed by the editor.
Material is shelved daily and stacks are read for accuracy on a continuous basis.
Material is shock sensitive.
Material is shock stable.
Material is shot, mechanism is good.
Material is siphoned from the color cup.
Material is size-reduced, blended and repelletized.
Material is slanted toward writing for the Web.
Material is slippery and conducive to falls.
Material is slippery on hard or wet surfaces.
Material is soil and water resistant.
Material is solely for non-commercial use.
Material is something apparent and communicable, unlike ideas.
Material is sought from a wide variety of sources.
Material is sought in France, Germany, England, Italy and even the Orient.
Material is stable across all normal temperatures.
Material is stable and chemically inert.
Material is stable at all normal temperatures.
Material is stable at normal temperatures and storage conditions.
Material is stable under normal handling and storage conditions.
Material is stable.
Material is stainless steel.
Material is stored in a controlled area with the tools for copying.
Material is stored inside a building.
Material is stretchy.
Material is subdivided into eleven eras.
Material is subject to recall after two hours most days.
Material is subject to recall at any time.
Material is subject to recall if required by another.
Material is subject to recall if the current borrower has had it for more than two weeks .
Material is subject to recall if the current borrower has had it for more than two weeks.
Material is subject to review by the appropriate administrative officers for content.
Material is subject to the approval of the Conference Coordinator.
Material is subject tochange without notice.
Material is submitted on time.
Material is submitted to the list software and distributed to members only.
Material is subordinate to the mind.
Material is suitable for all grade levels.
Material is suitable for generally fourth through the eighth grades.
Material is suited for pre-school and young elementary students.
Material is suited for preschool and young elementary students.
Material is supplemented with sample contracts and job descriptions, plus benchmarking data.
Material is supplied electronically and paid for by e-commerce.
Material is supplied in either hard copy or on diskette.
Material is supported by a respectable number of problems at the end of the chapter.
Material is supported with presentation on video tape.
Material is suspended with pressurized, filtered water through the inlet wobbler.
Material is taken from international standards.
Material is taken from six Pennsylvania newspapers.
Material is taught and reviewed in a multisensory manner.
Material is tested for unit weight, specific gravity and moisture content.
Material is the cutoffs from our truss production plant.
Material is the intellectual property of the authors.
Material is the main criterion, while colour has to be pure and bright.
Material is thus dependent on mind.
Material is thus well retained.
Material is timely.
Material is to be kept separate from other debris.
Material is to be read prior to the class for which it is assigned.
Material is to be received by the first day of the month preceding the publication month.
Material is tongue and grooved and end matched.
Material is too light to sweep and floats when wet.
Material is too small to be read.
Material is tough to find.
Material is toxic to fish.
Material is toxic.
Material is transferred, builds up, goes boom.
Material is transported from the nurse cells to the oocyte.
Material is twice as thick as competitors and mounts with no tape.
Material is unaffected by humidity and is thoroughly insect proof.
Material is unaffected by temperature extremes and is radiolucent.
Material is unclear and confusing.
Material is understood and appropriate but application is blocked by re-entry resistance.
Material is understood but inappropriate to trainer's needs.
Material is unreadable.
Material is updated and revised and new material included in each annual.
Material is updated daily by satellite and electronic file transfer.
Material is updated on a regular basis.
Material is used commercially as a fire retardant.
Material is used in a water suspension.
Material is used to build, equip or repair units.
Material is useful as inservice to all school staff.
Material is useful to the viewer.
Material is UV ray protected to prevent fading.
Material is verified for compliance to specification.
Material is very destructive of mucous membranes.
Material is very fine with good prices in the market.
Material is very helpful.
Material is very hygroscopic and can get tacky and hard to weigh if exposed to moisture.
Material is very organized.
Material is very pretty and also applicable to physics and engineering.
Material is very rugged.
Material is very, very important.
Material is warranted by the manufacturer.
Material is water repellent distressed leather.
Material is water repellent.
Material is welded by using ultrasonic wave.
Material is well designed and the format easy to use.
Material is well prepared and well organized.
Material is well preserved.
Material is when the prosecution invokes so-called presidential mansions to prove bribery and graft.
Material is whisper quiet and glare proof.
Material is white-gray polystyrene.
Material is wiped away by face contact.
Material is written by the child and teacher for reading using each child's experience.
Material is written from a European perspective.
Material is written to be accessible by the general public.
Material is, for the most part , arranged chronologically within folders.
Material isa substance.
Material lasts long lifetime applications.
Material lends itself to parental guidance and involvement.
Material listed below is for in-room use only.
Material listed is in hard copy or microform and is published as books or serials.
Material listed is subject to prior sale.
Material located here includes encyclopedias, dictionaries, handbooks and indexes.
Material maintains stability during indoor storage.
Material means having significant importance.
Material means special nuclear material.
Material means unwanted.
Material needs to be presented in a variety of ways.
Material now exists for schools to integrate such issues across the curriculum.
Material now moves through processing in a relatively short period of time.
Material observe during lots memory so protest web page authoring.
Material only needs to be added once or twice per week.
Material passes over the screening media, often on an angle.
Material passes through the reactor from top to bottom where it is removed by an extraction system.
Material passing over the top of the last break roll sieve is collected as the bran fraction.
Material pertaining to the Civil War includes Confederate war bonds of various denominations.
Material piles up at the front forming the moraine.
Material placed on strict reserve is for in-library use only.
Material poses a special hazard.
Material poses an aspiration hazard.
Material poses minimal risk while being stored.
Material possesses body and depth allowing for filling of cracks and recesses.
Material prepared by individuals other than the submitting student is plagiarism .
Material prepared by other authors comes next, followed by anonymous manuscripts.
Material presents no health hazard under normal conditions of use.
Material primarily composed of sand also needs to be avoided.
Material produced by fertilizer manufacturers is primarily captive.
Material produced on a computer often has an all-figure form of the date.
Material protected by copyrights belonging to third parties is reproduced with permission.
Material protected by design right is subject to a licence of right after five years.
Material provided by the speakers are on file for review by interested parties.
Material provided here is for reference.
Material provided here is in no way intended to take the place of other professional advice.
Material provided is for research and private study only.
Material provided is full-text.
Material provided is solely for informational purposes.
Material published by students reflects directly on the submitting school.
Material published in cat-specific publications also qualifies for consideration.
Material ranges from being humorous to very sad.
Material ranges from censored newspaper articles to banned fiction to letters written in prison.
Material ranges from Child Ballads to Sting.
Material ranges from introductory level to advanced.
Material ranges from undergraduate to research level.
Material ranges over age groups.
Material recommends using a portfolio that follows state guidelines.
Material refers to original seal.
Material regarding workshops and lobbying techniques is available as well.
Material related to current industry needs is examinable and necessary to complete the laboratory.
Material related to outdoor drama appears in all parts of the collection.
Material related to theory and basic computer priciples is presented in class.
Material relates to both foreign and domestic policy.
Material relates to current and past research projects of the organization.
Material relates to official business, campaigns, and personal affairs.
Material relates to site selection, financing, and construction of Carver and Charlotte colleges.
Material relates to the artists themselves, music, theatre, art, architecture, and performance.
Material relates to the history, organization, membership, meetings and publications.
Material relating to the history of computer science is collected.
Material released by volcanoes and undersea springs also contributes salt to the ocean.
Material remains luminous for some time after falling away from the object.
Material remains of war, commercial disasters, and private wrecks dot the underwater landscape.
Material remains scarce, so improvement can come very quickly.
Material remains the property of contributor.
Material reproduced here is for educational and research purposes only.
Material requires rewriting.
Material -Responsible for receiving, handling, stowing, and issuing of general stores.
Material routinely encourages students to express their ideas.
Material seems to be a little dated.
Material seems to be introductory.
Material shows no signs of damage due to freight carrier or other means.
Material slowly oxidizes to sodium nitrate when exposed to air.
Material still has to look good after chocolate milk spills.
Material stored on top of cupboards needs to be removed.
Material submitted by graduate students is especially welcome.
Material submitted by the next week is penalized a half-grade, thereafter a full grade is deducted.
Material submitted by users Certain elements of the site contain material submitted by our users.
Material supplementing other professional concerns courses is presented as well.
Material supporting the traditional family is viewed as discriminatory.
Material surround off the breadth consequently relieve After burner basketball shoes.
Material taken from other sources needs to be properly cited, and the sources properly documented.
Material tell Storm with either punishment during that flock.
Material tends to be more box office and trade information rather then on artistic merit.
Material tends to fade after repeated washings.
Material then passes into the small intestine, where proteins, fats and glucose are absorbed.
Material transmitted by computer is either by telephone wire or network connection.
Material try below no necessity how sold iowa real estate.
Material turns from red to black and the loss increases.
Material used is tissue with a satin lining.
Material varies in each workshop.
Material well being and human values CAN work together.
Material well being follows spiritual well being.
Material well being is still one of the strongest motivating factors known to mankind.
Material written by women is also highly valued.
Material written on the board is usually important , so try to take good but brief notes.
Materials abound on the coal mines of the region.
Materials absorb energy.
Materials absorb liquids.
Materials absorb sound.
Materials absorb water.
Materials absorb, reflect or transmit light.
Materials accepted are garden debris, grass clippings, leaves and branches.
Materials accepted include household recyclables, yard trash, and excess household dry trash.
Materials actively engage students in the use of processes.
Materials address students of varying ability levels.
Materials address the concept of natural pollution, which is rather unique.
Materials affect conduction.
Materials affect the weight and strength of an object.
Materials affected by welding are of particular interest.
Materials allow for individual participation at one's own speed.
Materials allows for individual participation at one's own speed.
Materials already microfilmed are available only in microform, to preserve the originals.
Materials also are available in foreign languages.
Materials also cover fund raising, proposal writing and philanthropy.
Materials also crush under bearing pressure.
Materials also differ in their ability to conduct heat and vibrations.
Materials also expand and contract due to changes in temperature.
Materials also have limited storage times ranging from milliseconds to days.
Materials also link the empathy concept to the care of nature.
Materials appear to be exceptional.
Materials appearing herein are for the use and enjoyment of soaring enthusiasts.
Materials Apply any of the included materials and textures.
Materials are a challenge to obtain.
Materials are a general collection of early works which are of local significance.
Materials are a good resource for secondary students doing research and science projects.
Materials are a key element in defining the space and surface of the work.
Materials are a key element.
Materials are a matter of personal choice.
Materials are a one-time cost.
Materials are a reflection of mediators.
Materials are accessible through a librarian.
Materials are accessible via a database.
Materials are accessible, experiential and inexpensive.
Materials are activity based and applicable to other regions of the country.
Materials are adaptable to each teacher's ability as well as developmental stage of children.
Materials are adaptable to most grade levels.
Materials are added at the end of the pile, hence the pile can grow to any length.
Materials are added with some frequency, so be sure to check back.
Materials are additional.
Materials are adequate to support advanced undergraduate work.
Materials are age appropriate, and online resources are available for research, study and teaching.
Materials are age appropriate.
Materials are age-appropriate and have been evaluated.
Materials are all in English and there are no annotations.
Materials are also available and details are included in the pack.
Materials are also available during the week at the chapel.
Materials are also available for health and aged care professionals and students.
Materials are also available for purchase for a nominal fee.
Materials are also available for purchase outside California.
Materials are also available for students and teachers.
Materials are also available in languages other than English.
Materials are also available in large print.
Materials are also available in Spanish , on disk, and as camera-ready originals.
Materials are also available in Spanish and French.
Materials are also available in Spanish, on disk, and as camera-ready originals.
Materials are also available in Spanish.
Materials are also available in the cold-worked or annealed conditions.
Materials are also available on both websites.
Materials are also available to download from the web site.
Materials are also modifiable to meet individual student needs.
Materials are also non-toxic and renewable or replaceable within a period of time.
Materials are also obtainable from a wide range of libraries through interlibrary loan.
Materials are also significant.
Materials are also subject to code requirements.
Materials are aluminum, polycarbonate, and other plastics.
Materials are always available for annotation and update.
Materials are an additional fee, and include inks, brushes, and rice paper.
Materials are another Detroit tradition.
Materials are applicants.
Materials are appropriate and supplemental.
Materials are appropriate for secondary classrooms, teacher workshops and some university courses.
Materials are appropriate for the age, grade and maturity of the students.
Materials are appropriate to adult interests and experiences.
Materials are arrange in chronological order within each sub-series.
Materials are as needed, and provided for classroom use.
Materials are at beginner, intermediate, and advanced skill levels.
Materials are authentic and varied in terms of language forms, functions and topics.
Materials are available anytime and from any place that is networked.
Materials are available as noted.
Materials are available at a job information center or self-service area.
Materials are available at a nominal fee.
Materials are available at many implement dealers or farm supply stores.
Materials are available at the center for students to take notes and record what they learn.
Materials are available at the doctor's usual and customary cost.
Materials are available at the elementary, middle school and high school level.
Materials are available at the learning center in the professional development room.
Materials are available at the library.
Materials are available at the nursery.
Materials are available below.
Materials are available for a six week check out.
Materials are available for a small fee to individuals.
Materials are available for a small fee.
Materials are available for a two-week loan period.
Materials are available for adults, young adults and children.
Materials are available for all categories of staff, in all topics of interest and relevance.
Materials are available for all grade levels and numerous subject areas.
Materials are available for audiences ranging from pre-school to adult.
Materials are available for both children and adults.
Materials are available for caregivers such as listings of local stroke support groups.
Materials are available for check out or purchase.
Materials are available for check out.
Materials are available for checkout and access to the Internet is also available.
Materials are available for check-out by faculty and students from all departments.
Materials are available for checkout from lab monitors and staff.
Materials are available for check-out.
Materials are available for checkout.
Materials are available for children and adults.
Materials are available for children ranging in age from infant to teenager.
Materials are available for cleanup of small spills.
Materials are available for courses in accounting, astronomy, biochemistry, bio-med.
Materials are available for group presentations, as well as on an individual basis.
Materials are available for immediate shipment.
Materials are available for in office use only.
Materials are available for individual use.
Materials are available for in-library use only.
Materials are available for in-office use only.
Materials are available for loan at the main office.
Materials are available for loan free of charge to anyone in British Columbia.
Materials are available for loan to anyone.
Materials are available for loan to classroom teachers and ASWP members .
Materials are available for loan to educational institutions.
Materials are available for loan to schools.
Materials are available for loan.
Materials are available for members and the community to borrow for the cost of mailing.
Materials are available for on and offcampus use.
Materials are available for on site viewing only.
Materials are available for parents, educators and counselors.
Materials are available for people who are physically challenged.
Materials are available for personal use by students or classroom use by instructors.
Materials are available for preschool through adult.
Materials are available for purchase at competitive prices.
Materials are available for rental throughout Ohio by contacting the office.
Materials are available for research in the office or for loan to both members and the public.
Materials are available for review.
Materials are available for room use only.
Materials are available for sale and rent.
Materials are available for scholarly research only by appointment.
Materials are available for second to twelfth grade reading levels.
Materials are available for short term loan.
Materials are available for short-term loan.
Materials are available for student and community member use at no charge.
Materials are available for students and community members use at no charge.
Materials are available for study during regular library hours.
Materials are available for take-home by students.
Materials are available for training and implementation.
Materials are available for use by natural resources course instructors.
Materials are available for use in the reading rooms only.
Materials are available for use in-house or via the internet when possible.
Materials are available for use on the premises only.
Materials are available from Diana.
Materials are available from many marine-oriented environmental groups.
Materials are available from the compact shelving and open stacks.
Materials are available from various carbon fiber suppliers.
Materials are available in a variety of formats - print, electronic, or audiovisual.
Materials are available in a variety of formats, corresponding to the following list of equipment.
Materials are available in a wide variety of formats and geared to varying levels of ability.
Materials are available in alternate formats and in Spanish.
Materials are available in alternate formats such as large print, Braille, tape and computer disk.
Materials are available in alternate formats upon request.
Materials are available in alternate formats.
Materials are available in alternative formats.
Materials are available in alternative media upon request.
Materials are available in alternative service delivery.
Materials are available in bales ready for semi truck shippment.
Materials are available in both English and Spanish, and are provided free of charge.
Materials are available in both English and Spanish.
Materials are available in both print and electronic formats.
Materials are available in bulk or in bags.
Materials are available in carbon steel, stainless steel, aluminum alloy and zinc alloy.
Materials are available in each department office.
Materials are available in English and French.
Materials are available in English and in Spanish.
Materials are available in English and Spanish.
Materials are available in English only.
Materials are available in English or Spanish.
Materials are available in English, French, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, and German.
Materials are available in English, Hebrew and Yiddish.
Materials are available in English, Spanish and other languages.
Materials are available in English.
Materials are available in five different languages in order to best serve the district's families.
Materials are available in five languages.
Materials are available in French, Spanish, German and Russian.
Materials are available in large print, regular print, hardback, paperback, audiocassette and video.
Materials are available in libraries and local historical societies.
Materials are available in many formats, from printed to electronic sources.
Materials are available in many languages.
Materials are available in many of the Asian languages.
Materials are available in one or more of the formats described in the footnotes below.
Materials are available in paper, microfiche , and electronic format.
Materials are available in postscript, pdf, and laTeX source.
Materials are available in print, audiovisual and computer-based formats.
Materials are available in print, software and online.
Materials are available in printed version or on diskette.
Materials are available in printed, video and software packages that are easy to use and understand.
Materials are available in several languages.
Materials are available in Spanish and a number of Asian languages.
Materials are available in Spanish and Arabic.
Materials are available in Spanish and English.
Materials are available in Spanish as well as English to best serve Houston's population.
Materials are available in Spanish.
Materials are available in the lab for most languages.
Materials are available in Ukrainian and English.
Materials are available in various fields of interest.
Materials are available in various formats.
Materials are available in written and audio form for free down loading.
Materials are available nationwide.
Materials are available on a cost-recovery basis.
Materials are available on a loan basis.
Materials are available on a no-charge and lending basis.
Materials are available on a purchase or in-house loan basis.
Materials are available on a video server and CD-ROM, in periodicals, and in analog format.
Materials are available on a walk- in basis.
Materials are available on intralibrary loan.
Materials are available on line.
Materials are available on loan for specific time intervals.
Materials are available on loan to anyone living in Colorado.
Materials are available on request.
Materials are available on specific chemicals and their possible health effects.
Materials are available on specific pharmaceuticals, drug labeling, and for consumer education.
Materials are available on tape, cdrom, flash card, printed texts and online.
Materials are available on the first day of class.
Materials are available on the following topics.
Materials are available online.
Materials are available only for customer pick-up.
Materials are available only to current students, faculty, and staff.
Materials are available only to eligible students.
Materials are available that can help employers educate their employees.
Materials are available that do support shear wave propagation.
Materials are available through interlibrary loan as long as duplicate copies are owned.
Materials are available through inter-library loan.
Materials are available through pastors from the district chairmen of congregational celebrations.
Materials are available through their website.
Materials are available to all teachers.
Materials are available to any educational institution.
Materials are available to anyone with interest in people with developmental disabilities.
Materials are available to attorneys and the general public for use in the library only.
Materials are available to generate most electrical functions.
Materials are available to groups for use in their own programs.
Materials are available to help learn English-they include an instruction manual and a dictionary.
Materials are available to help students achieve their academic goals.
Materials are available to help students prepare for the placement test.
Materials are available to members and other qualified researchers by appointment.
Materials are available to members and others interested in precollege education activities.
Materials are available to order now.
Materials are available to people outside the organization.
Materials are available to support local advocacy and service efforts.
Materials are available to support math teachers as they help children use the site.
Materials are available to teachers who participate in the training workshops.
Materials are available to the entire campus community.
Materials are available to the public during normal library hours.
Materials are available to use on-site by the public.
Materials are available to users under controlled conditions and are non-circulating.
Materials are available two to four weeks ahead of time.
Materials are available upon request.
Materials are available via email.
Materials are available via mail, phone, fax, or by dropping in.
Materials are available.
Materials are average, average structure, some workmanship problems, fair warranty.
Materials are avialable.
Materials are bamboo, fir lumber, copper nails, manila rope, and steel fasteners.
Materials are bamboo, poplar, paint, manila rope, and steel fasteners.
Materials are basic to manufacturing and service technologies.
Materials are better and tolerances are much tighter than in the four speed.
Materials are bio-compatible with the sole of the foot.
Materials are black anodized aluminum hardware with borosilicate glass cell bodies.
Materials are borosilicate glass.
Materials are both interesting and understandable.
Materials are bronze,terra-cotta,resin,forton.
Materials are buffalo rawhide, earth pigments, trade cloth and brain-tan hide.
Materials are central in both respects.
Materials are checked out on a first come, first serve basis.
Materials are chosen for high school students or casual readers.
Materials are classified as metals, semiconductors, and insulators.
Materials are clear and concise and include diagrams, pictures and examples.
Materials are color selected and sorted for each different trademarked product.
Materials are complimentary unless otherwise noted.
Materials are compostable and can be used as fertiliser.
Materials are comprehensive, easy to follow.
Materials are computer-produced by certified transcribers.
Materials are concise, useful, and strive to be impartial.
Materials are constantly being added to the doc bin , so it is a good idea to visit it frequently.
Materials are constantly research and updated as necessary online.
Materials are cross indexed according to title, subject, and source.
Materials are culturally and linguistically competent.
Materials are culturally sensitive.
Materials are current and accessible.
Materials are currently on order.
Materials are currently under revision and subject to change.
Materials are deposited on their surface, and materials are blown or washed away from the surface.
Materials are deposited on top or are blown or washed from the surface.
Materials are developmentally appropriate and allow for different levels of experience.
Materials are downloadable following credit card payment.
Materials are due at least one week prior to start date.
Materials are due at noon on the advertising close date.
Materials are due at the library on the due date.
Materials are due back by the date each item is due.
Materials are due back on or before the due date.
Materials are due back one month after check-out, when the next bookmobile stop is scheduled.
Materials are due back one week from the date of checkout.
Materials are due back the following day one hour after the library's opening.
Materials are due before the library closes on the date indicated.
Materials are due five business days prior to insertion date.
Materials are due five days from date of recall.
Materials are due four weeks before the mailing date.
Materials are due no later than one week after deadline.
Materials are due on the date indicated.
Materials are due on the date listed on the due date slip.
Materials are due on the last day of the semester break.
Materials are due one week prior to campaign launch.
Materials are due one week prior to start date.
Materials are due the fifth day of the month preceding the cover date.
Materials are due the second week of the month two months prior to issue publication.
Materials are due two weeks before ad air date.
Materials are due two weeks preceding publication.
Materials are easily accessible due to an on-line computer circulation and catalog system.
Materials are easily accessible on open shelves, which invite creativity, independence, and choice.
Materials are easily accessible so that there are no interruptions in the flow of instruction.
Materials are easily obtainable.
Materials are easy to find and directions simple to follow.
Materials are easy to find as well.
Materials are easy to obtain.
Materials are easy to read and bilingual as noted.
Materials are easy to use and actively involve the learner.
Materials are easy to use and are provided with the students's folder.
Materials are easy to use and follow a consistent, clear format.
Materials are edited to retain confidentiality.
Materials are equipment.
Materials are essentially in English or English translation.
Materials are examples to be used as reference materials only.
Materials are experiential and under development.
Materials are extra and available in the shop.
Materials are extra unless otherwise noted.
Materials are extra.
Materials are eye-catching and on preschooler's level.
Materials are fairly durable, average structure, few problems, good warranty.
Materials are familiar to students from previous lessons.
Materials are ferrous-metal support framing, with wooden glazing ribs.
Materials are for classroom activities only however.
Materials are for classroom use by students and teachers.
Materials are for on-site reference only, and there is a fee for photo and microfilm copies.
Materials are for private use only.
Materials are for purchase or are free and can be obtained through the contact provided.
Materials are for reference use by appointment only.
Materials are for reference use only.
Materials are for room use only by currently registered students.
Materials are for Seattle residents, only.
Materials are for use in the library only.
Materials are free except where noted.
Materials are free of charge.
Materials are free or available for a limited time period.
Materials are free or available on a loan basis.
Materials are free to educators by attending workshops.
Materials are free to providers and parents in Pennsylvania.
Materials are free to Tennessee teachers.
Materials are free upon request.
Materials are generally available beginning two weeks after the end of the quarter.
Materials are generally in chronological order.
Materials are generally in English, but foreign language materials are included in the collection.
Materials are generally inexpensive and easy to find.
Materials are great.
Materials are hard to get.
Materials are highly reflective, transparent or glowing to create a sense of radiance.
Materials are important here.
Materials are in a variety of languages.
Materials are in both Spanish and English.
Materials are in chronological or reverse chronological order within each alphabetic file.
Materials are in documents, books, data files, media, computer files, etc.
Materials are in English and Spanish.
Materials are in English unless otherwise noted.
Materials are in English, Spanish, Basque, French and other languages.
Materials are in English, Spanish, Portuguese, French, German, Russian and other languages.
Materials are in English.
Materials are in full text format and searched using Boolean operators.
Materials are in full text format.
Materials are in German or English, and only a few items are in shorthand.
Materials are in large print, braille, or audio formats.
Materials are in large print, Braille, or audio formats.
Materials are in short supply and very expensive along with tools.
Materials are in Spanish and English.
Materials are in stock, sailmaker ready to rock, lets see what happens.
Materials are in storage.
Materials are in the form of case studies, available to members.
Materials are in the works f or A Whales Tale From the Supper Sea.
Materials are included in the box along with colorful, accessible instructions.
Materials are indigenous.
Materials are inert and have to be brought alive.
Materials are information.
Materials are inputs in the manufacture of products.
Materials are just as simple as the tools.
Materials are kept in three boxes, the second of which is restricted.
Materials are leather and waterproof fabric.
Materials are light and pleasant.
Materials are limited to one renewal.
Materials are lively, economical, and focused directly on practical workforce skills and behaviors.
Materials are located in construction.
Materials are located in factories.
Materials are located in houses.
Materials are located in physical worlds.
Materials are located in science labs.
Materials are made of atoms.
Materials are mailed free of charge and free return postage is provided.
Materials are mainly steel, cast iron heads and bowls and bronze impellers.
Materials are mandatory.
Materials are marble or granite.
Materials are marine fir plywood, fir framing and lots of epoxy.
Materials are materials.
Materials are minimal and inexpensive.
Materials are mixed, composted and then blended with waste soil or clean dirt.
Materials are mixed, much the way paint is mixed when pigments are added.
Materials are modular and can be used for a variety of purposes and outputs.
Materials are mostly middle school level but easily adaptable upwards.
Materials are natural and dyed juncus and deer grass.
Materials are natural and indigenous and are rustically crafted.
Materials are natural.
Materials are non-circulating and are to be used only in the research room.
Materials are non-circulating, except under certain conditions.
Materials are non-circulating.
Materials are normally available from about two months before the start of the semester.
Materials are now available for viola, cello, bass, piano, flute, harp, and guitar.
Materials are now available in Spanish.
Materials are now available over the Web.
Materials are now available to TC's.
Materials are of great controversy and are constantly being updated.
Materials are of high quality.
Materials are of paramount importance, including stones native to the area.
Materials are often cohesive, sometimes even damp, and suffer from tremendous flow problems.
Materials are often hard to locate, and information about the authors is scant.
Materials are often potent or toxic and containment is critical.
Materials are often the same.
Materials are on file with the agenda.
Materials are on reserve for one term only.
Materials are one of the main cost components of a detailed estimate.
Materials are one-time costs while energy is a life of building cost.
Materials are online and the speakers use a chat room to talk with the attendees.
Materials are only available directly from CalPERS .
Materials are only available in the United States.
Materials are only loosely organized but further work is under way.
Materials are organized by chapter, so be sure to select the chapter first.
Materials are password protected and only available to students of the course to which they apply.
Materials are peer-reviewed.
Materials are photocopiable and are designed for flexibility.
Materials are plastic, leatherette, pigpell and flock.
Materials are postage-free, in large, red zippered canvas bags.
Materials are present and amply enough to support delivery - especially books.
Materials are primarily in English.
Materials are primarily in French and English.
Materials are primarily pictorial, although some have accompanying essays and texts.
Materials are primarily textbooks and workbooks.
Materials are provided, child care is available.
Materials are provided, childcare is available.
Materials are readily available and a minimum of power tools are required.
Materials are readily available and the instructions are easy to follow.
Materials are readily available at a craft store and grocery stores.
Materials are readily available in stock sizes of yellow pine.
Materials are readily available, recycled or found in nature.
Materials are readily available.
Materials are ready to be translated into any language.
Materials are really good.
Materials are renewable by phone.
Materials are rough and inexpensive, put together almost entirely by amateurs.
Materials are safe and nontoxic.
Materials are satin, heavy cotton, and leather.
Materials are scarce.
Materials are searchable by age level and project start date.
Materials are searchable by chemical family, informal name, structure type, and desired property.
Materials are self-finishing, codified for exterior and interior purposes, yet enduring and vibrant.
Materials are self-paced to accommodate various levels of experience.
Materials are simple and connected to the natural site.
Materials are simple to understand and communicate to children.
Materials are simple, and the activity takes one or two class periods.
Materials are soft, rich in variety and a sense of interesting textures.
Materials are specific for school-aged children.
Materials are stable.
Materials are steel structure with a powder coating and aluminum color.
Materials are still available.
Materials are stored in a standard letter file cabinet, so oversize material is returned.
Materials are subject to edit.
Materials are subject to editing.
Materials are subject to immediate recall by the lender at any time.
Materials are subject to recall after the initial loan period, if needed.
Materials are subject to recall after two weeks.
Materials are subject to recall at any time.
Materials are subject to recall by the lending library.
Materials are subject to recall from home institution borrowers.
Materials are subject to recall if needed by another user.
Materials are subject to revision as the instructor finalizes preparation for the relevant class.
Materials are substances.
Materials are suitable and properly stored.
Materials are suitable for a range of ages, from children to adults.
Materials are suitable for hotel, hospital and institutional clients.
Materials are sympathetic to the building's historic context, but handled in a contemporary fashion.
Materials are tangible items used in the production activity.
Materials are the enabling basis for almost all other engineering and scientific disciplines.
Materials are the final ingredient of a successful winter highway maintenance effort.
Materials are the 'heart and soul' of the electronics industry.
Materials are the literal building blocks of the future.
Materials are the most important factor.
Materials are the only problem.
Materials are the same as for the fulltime course.
Materials are the stuff of design.
Materials are then all pressed together in a pressure nip.
Materials are then sub-arranged by publisher, then by year of publication, then by grade level.
Materials are then Termoformed.
Materials are to be broken up, tied in bundles and kept seperate.
Materials are to be duplicated only with permission of the author or as denoted in materials.
Materials are to be invoiced as delivered.
Materials are to be marked using archival papers and number two pencil.
Materials are to be published or publicly disseminated at each language community's discretion.
Materials are to be purchased by the student.
Materials are to be returned to the original library in person or by first-class mail.
Materials are to be used only in the room except when brought out to be photoduplicated.
Materials are to be used only in the room, except when brought out to be photoduplicated.
Materials are top-grade, and the interior color scheme is attractive.
Materials are transported throughout the cell on the cytoskeleton.
Materials are transported within living things by water.
Materials are unreasonable.
Materials are unsatisfactory when few or no ideas are summarized or reviewed.
Materials are used at the sole risk of the user, no warranty of any kind is implied.
Materials are used by humans.
Materials are used for builds.
Materials are used for making.
Materials are useful across a broad spectrum of grades.
Materials are user friendly with a professionally produced video.
Materials are user friendly.
Materials are user-friendly.
Materials are usually available in the library for a two-hour period.
Materials are usually available within two weeks after the request.
Materials are usually polycarbonate or nylon, some have replaceable tops for greater longevity.
Materials are usually very accessible, and the lessons are easily completed.
Materials are varied in order to keep the classes stimulating and fast-paced.
Materials are very age appropriate.
Materials are very comprehensive, concise and complete.
Materials are very important in achieving the right type of malt flavor.
Materials are very showy.
Materials are video-based.
Materials are well organized and laid out in a variety of ways to insure leader success.
Materials are well organized and presented effectively.
Materials are well organized to facilitate volunteer and youth involvement.
Materials are well organized, easy to use and follow a consistent, clear format.
Materials are what buildings are made of.
Materials are widely available free of charge, and often in different languages.
Materials are widely varied in price and quality.
Materials arrive at a workstation when needed, in accordance with the routing instructions.
Materials assigned for each day is to be read before class.
Materials associated with the presentation are on file with the agenda.
Materials associated with the superintendent s proposed budget are on file with the agenda.
Materials attract insects.
Materials automatically reformat for print or electronic output.
Materials background a plus.
Materials Be careful to note the materials required for the each employer.
Materials become available for sale when they are removed from the library's collection.
Materials become overdue the first day after that date and borrowing privileges are suspended.
Materials become waste.
Materials behave differently at high temperatures.
Materials being considered include amorphous metals and intercalated graphites.
Materials being processed are less susceptible to degradation.
Materials being studied include orchids, crocodile and snake meats.
Materials being used for the facades include limestone, sandstone, copper and lava rock.
Materials believes long-term outlook for industry is strong.
Materials biodegrade or break down when they are exposed to soil, moisture, air, and sunlight.
Materials blend into nature, and landscaping maximizes local vegetation.
Materials break down complex skills into small steps.
Materials break when stressed in different ways depending on their basic nature.
Materials breaking down can get extremely hot in the chemical process.
Materials can be adaptable to a range of learning situations.
Materials can be as inexpensive as discarded lumber and an old window sash.
Materials can be as simple as paper and paste or play dough.
Materials can be carbon steel or high alloys.
Materials can be in English or Spanish.
Materials can be in print, video, audio, electronic or other multimedia formats.
Materials can be inexpensive and still reliable.
Materials can be items in the classroom or things brought from home.
Materials can be metals, alloys, polymers or ceramics.
Materials can be on reserve for no more than three consecutive quarters.
Materials can be place on reserve in print or electronic form.
Materials can be renewed provided there are NO holds.
Materials can be solids, liquids or gases and all have properties - even air.
Materials can be very expensive.
Materials can change chemically and physically.
Materials can change state as a result of heating or cooling.
Materials can deteriorate with age and exposure to the elements.
Materials can exist in different states - solid, liquid, and gas.
Materials can exist in different states.
Materials can have effects.
Materials can include a single lesson or a sequence of lessons.
Materials can include cases, videos, participant worksheets and instructional guides.
Materials can include music and audio tapes.
Materials can include syllabus, class notes and handouts, and assignments.
Materials can include syllabus, grading policies, and assignments.
Materials can include white and yellow gold, as well as sterling silver, or a combination of metals.
Materials can move up the plant in the phloem.
Materials can only exhibit properties of one state of matter.
Materials can vary versus wavelength and temperature.
Materials cause death.
Materials cause effects.
Materials change continually.
Materials change rapidly.
Materials characterisation Basic studies leading to a fundamental insight in characterisation tools.
Materials charge only Handweaving as an art form.
Materials charge optional.
Materials charged by alumni are also subject to recall.
Materials check out for one week for students.
Materials check out for two weeks.
Materials circulate according to their type and the status of the borrower.
Materials circulate directly to judges.
Materials circulate directly to state employees.
Materials circulate for a one or two week period.
Materials circulate for a period of three days with a limit of thirty slides per patron.
Materials circulate for a period of two weeks.
Materials circulate for either two hours or three days, at the discretion of the professor.
Materials circulate for four weeks and are renewable.
Materials circulate for in-house use only.
Materials circulate for one week.
Materials circulate for three weeks.
Materials circulate for two days .
Materials circulate for two days.
Materials circulate for two hours , or on an overnight basis.
Materials circulate for two hours, or on an overnight basis.
Materials circulate for varying periods of time.
Materials circulate on a very limited basis to faculty and staff within the college.
Materials circulate overnight.
Materials circulate to faculty members and graduate or seminar students only.
Materials circulate to other Louisiana citizens through their parish library system.
Materials circulate to other state agencies.
Materials circulate to state agency personnel.
Materials Click on one of the titles below to view entire description and review.
Materials collected from foreign governments are primarily statistical in nature.
Materials collected in the basic life sciences also support programs at the branch campuses.
Materials collected include the same as above except motor oil and filters.
Materials come from academics, student projects, and even inspired amateurs.
Materials come from all over.
Materials come from decay plants.
Materials come from Japan and Taiwan.
Materials come from plants.
Materials come from political theory, law, and the social sciences.
Materials come from Taiwan and the mainland.
Materials come from Taiwan, South Korea, Germany and Japan.
Materials come from the text and journal articles.
Materials come in a reusable pocket folder.
Materials come in contact.
Materials come in sealed and leak proof cartrdiges and can easily be replaced.
Materials come into contact.
Materials come with templates for the teacher to easily and quickly tailor.
Materials comes from journal articles, census data, local government reports and brokers' reports.
Materials coming from Chico State often arrive within a week.
Materials commonly used in moulding include plastic, metal, glass and ceramic.
Materials commonly used include galvanized metal, copper, aluminum, and stainless steel.
Materials communicate areas of consensus among scientists or other experts.
Materials conduct energy.
Materials conduct heat energy.
Materials conduct heat.
Materials conduct thermal energy.
Materials considered include clay, metal, wire, wood, paper, plaster, and various new media.
Materials consist in a hotline and website, which are regularly updated with new information.
Materials consist lengths of pine and builders glue.
Materials consist of a hotline and website, which are regularly updated with new information.
Materials consist of books, articles and manuscripts, some of the original translations.
Materials consist of cassette and mini-cassette tapes and student essays about their interviewees.
Materials consist of correspondence, subject files, scientific papers and a few audio tapes.
Materials consist of garbage, trash and other household products.
Materials consist of handouts, presentation materials, an instructor's guide and a video.
Materials consist of handouts, presentation materials, and instructor's guide and a video.
Materials consist of memoranda, reports, formula alternatives, correspondence, and publications.
Materials consist of metallic particles.
Materials consist of particles.
Materials consist of printed texts, audio cassettes and video cassettes.
Materials consist of supplemental print products, audio-visual aids, and transparency presentations.
Materials contain atoms.
Materials contain bonds.
Materials contain carbon.
Materials contain chemicals.
Materials contain compounds.
Materials contain coupons good only at sponsor's stores.
Materials contain covalent bonds.
Materials contain dust.
Materials contain elements.
Materials contain flaws.
Materials contain hazardous substances.
Materials contain information on coal, solar, and wind energy sources.
Materials contain materials.
Materials contain matter.
Materials contain nitrogen.
Materials contain organic matter.
Materials contain organic substances.
Materials contain phases.
Materials contain pigment.
Materials contain starches.
Materials contain substances.
Materials contain suggestions for using computer network to enhance student understanding.
Materials contain supplementary materials.
Materials contain toxic substances.
Materials containing DNA are likely to be self-replicating.
Materials containing moisture such as foods absorb microwave energy and produce heat.
Materials continue to be added.
Materials continue to be collected.
Materials continue to be reviewed on a regular basis.
Materials continue to be shuffled as well.
Materials contribute to climate change.
Materials convert light.
Materials convert mechanical pressure.
Materials convert pressure.
Materials Copy of essay.
Materials cost a little bit but it worked enough fine for research and art works.
Materials cost extra.
Materials cost to be paid by student.
Materials cost virtually the same for all builders.
Materials costs to be determined by the student, after discussion with the artist.
Materials cover all ages.
Materials cover both human and veterinary practice management.
Materials cover both intentional and unintentional injuries.
Materials cover broad ranging subjects.
Materials cover careers outside the field of anthropology as well as within it.
Materials cover everything from registration to renting, childcare to computer services and more.
Materials cover general topics central to gemmology, mineralogy, and geology.
Materials cover many management areas.
Materials cover Mexico, Latin America, the Caribbean and occasionally California.
Materials cover surfaces.
Materials cover the early twentieth century in Fresno County.
Materials cover weight management, smoking cessation, exercise, fats and cholesterol, and more.
Materials covered in class make up a major portion of the exam content.
Materials covered in the exams are cumulative.
Materials covered include basic concepts of music and historical development up to the present.
Materials covered include books, periodicals, serials, audio-visual material and maps.
Materials covered include both natural and synthetic one intended to function in the biological.
Materials covered include journal articles, conference proceedings, reports, patents and monographs.
Materials covered include journal articles, series, monographs, and conference papers.
Materials covered include metals and alloys, polymers, ceramics, glasses and composites.
Materials covered include metals, ceramics and glasses, polymer and composites.
Materials covered include metals, plastics, ceramics, and composites.
Materials covered include metals, plastics, wood, ceramics and concrete.
Materials covering a wide range of career topics are available.
Materials Create a worksheet showing some of the fast foods and their fat content.
Materials cross disabilities, the life span, life areas, and disciplines.
Materials currently being investigated include titanium and aluminum alloys.
Materials currently being studied include metals, soils, composites, concrete, and masonry.
Materials damaged by ozone include rubber, nylon, plastics, dyes, and paints.
Materials databank listing corrosion-resistant properties of engineering materials.
Materials database providing the latest news from the industry.
Materials deal with Argentina and Chile.
Materials dealing with the United States are of principal concern.
Materials decay very slowly up here.
Materials Deciding on the best wood for a particular instrument is a complex business.
Materials define the content, economy and ultimate success of any hands-on science program.
Materials define the fundamental properties of a surface.
Materials degrade quicker when exposed to ultraviolet light.
Materials depend on foundry capabilities.
Materials Describe any type of survey, interview or observartion guides used.
Materials describe court operations at both state and local levels.
Materials describing the feature of the city are also receive.
Materials design for forms and ballot papers.
Materials design for safe structures.
Materials designed to cushion falls.
Materials designed to help groups get organized, work together effectively and solve problems.
Materials developed by participants include syllabi and course modules.
Materials differ from one another in their natural or cultivated state of surface roughness .
Materials differ in shades and patterns.
Materials differ in the ease with which their atoms can be lined up.
Materials discuss ways to improve parent-teacher relations.
Materials distributed at each of the workshops are available below.
Materials distributed during the conference and the conference transcript are available.
Materials distributed electronically can be hyperlinks to, for example, the day s weather.
Materials distributed on departmental lists are subject to the criteria described in II, above.
Materials do best if they are properly prepped, then sprayed with a primer.
Materials do make a difference.
Materials document mental health issues and organizations.
Materials Downloading is one of the quickest ways to obtain the application.
Materials draws on case studies to illustrate major points.
Materials emerge from a particular place and from some very dull grunt work.
Materials emit light.
Materials emphasize entreprenurial concepts, such as marketing and financial management.
Materials emphasize informational reading.
Materials emphasize use and development of a variety of learning skills.
Materials employed in the treatment of telangiectasias and reticular veins are relatively simple.
Materials encourage active exploration and discovery.
Materials encourage development.
Materials encourage learner participation in planning and assessing learning.
Materials encourage learner reflection on the process and content of learning.
Materials enter earth.
Materials enter the river either through point sources or non-point sources.
Materials enter waste.
Materials especially considered malleable are moist clay , warm wax , and molten glass and metals .
Materials establish and support entire industries.
Materials exhibit phenomena.
Materials expand and contract as they are heated and cooled.
Materials expand or contract with the change in pressure and temperature.
Materials explain the difference between bacterial and viral infections.
Materials fabricated are mild steel, aluminum and stainless steel.
Materials fee .
Materials fee applies.
Materials fee covers clay and most glazes.
Materials fee covers clay.
Materials fee due at time of registration.
Materials fee for some sections.
Materials fee per semester.
Materials fee to cover glaze costs, students to purchase clay as needed.
Materials fee varies with choice of books.
Materials flow analysis.
Materials flow from the edge of cells to the center.
Materials focus on a student-centered holistic approach toward teaching and learning.
Materials focus on child health, parenting, and raising children with chronic illnesses.
Materials focus on corporate, federal, and private foundation funding for non-profit organizations.
Materials focus on policy issues, program development, and patient education.
Materials focus on political, socioeconomic, scientific, technical, and environmental information.
Materials focus on skill development for managers and sensitivity training for all employees.
Materials focus on techniques for getting students talking, listening and completing creative grids.
Materials focus on the basics of structuring an international business agreement.
Materials focus on women's experiences in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Materials forged are steel, aluminum, nickel based alloys, and all other high-tech alloys.
Materials furnished include texts, bound notes, on-site Xeroxing and computer disks.
Materials generally circulate on a two-week loan basis.
Materials generally expand as they warm and contract as they cool.
Materials generally relate to Houston's political activities at the time.
Materials generally relate to one subject.
Materials generally require no additional means of containment.
Materials Give everyone a gift when they leave.
Materials graph paper protractor ruler pencil Find a partner.
Materials Habitat construction supervisors order all materials.
Materials handling procedures are commonly cumbersome and energy intensive.
Materials have a black background and bright teal, gold, red and purple puzzle pieces.
Materials have a short loan period in order to ensure access for students in the class.
Materials have a stock number that usually denotes the type of media.
Materials have absorbent properties.
Materials have applications.
Materials have arrangements.
Materials have bulk density.
Materials have capacity.
Materials have chemicals.
Materials have color.
Materials have conductivity.
Materials have constant refractive indexes.
Materials have crystal structures.
Materials have cylindrical shapes.
Materials have density.
Materials have different chemicals.
Materials have different coefficients of thermal expansion and contraction.
Materials have different density.
Materials have different mass density.
Materials have different properties and vary in their abilities to absorb forces or return energy.
Materials have different states - solid, liquid, and gas.
Materials have different strengths.
Materials have effects.
Materials have elastic properties.
Materials have electrical conductivity.
Materials have electronic structures.
Materials have good electrical conductivity.
Materials have heat capacity.
Materials have high conductivity.
Materials have high thermal conductivity.
Materials have impurities.
Materials have indexes.
Materials have industrial applications.
Materials have interest.
Materials have kinds.
Materials have levels.
Materials have low density.
Materials have low levels.
Materials have low nitrogen levels.
Materials have lower bulk density.
Materials have lower conductivity.
Materials have lower density.
Materials have lower thermal conductivity.
Materials have magnetic properties.
Materials have many industrial use.
Materials have mass density.
Materials have measurements.
Materials have moisture.
Materials have nitrogen levels.
Materials have physical properties.
Materials have properties.
Materials have refractive indexes.
Materials have same effects.
Materials have shapes.
Materials have similar structures.
Materials have slight effects.
Materials have specific properties.
Materials have structures.
Materials have subject focus on some aspect of the French and Provencal languages and literatures.
Materials have subject focus on some aspect of the German and Dutch languages and literatures.
Materials have subject focus on some aspect of the Italian languages and literatures.
Materials have subject focus on some aspect of the Scandinavian languages and literatures.
Materials have tendencies.
Materials have texture.
Materials Have the following available for each class.
Materials have thermal conductivity.
Materials have to be available at the time the customer requests it.
Materials have to be gathered.
Materials have to be selected ahead of time, and instructors have to prepare.
Materials have types.
Materials have unique properties.
Materials have use.
Materials have weight.
Materials Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Materials help learners to make connections among the concepts.
Materials help presentation.
Materials help volunteers weave art, science, music, computers and more into teaching.
Materials help with independent practice for improved speech.
Materials here reveal facts, missions, and educational resources about Mars.
Materials hindering reuse and recovery are to be phased out.
Materials hit by ions emit secondary electrons.
Materials hopefully come in some type of digital format.
Materials identify Sponsorships throughout the conference schedule.
Materials Identify the materials in each device component.
Materials illustrate native housing types in four different climate zones.
Materials improve quality.
Materials include inorganic materials.
Materials include materials.
Materials includes fine art to collectables.
Materials Includes links to outlines, exams, etc.
Materials includes monographs, journal articles, conference papers, etc.
Materials Includes standards information.
Materials incorporate brick similar to that used in the original building.
Materials incorporate wide range of finishes and grains.
Materials incorporated by reference are available for examination or purchase as stated above.
Materials indexed are in English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish.
Materials indexed are in many languages.
Materials indexed are international in scope and therefore are in many languages.
Materials indexed include books, monographs, journals, maps, atlases, and other materials.
Materials indexed include books, periodicals, corporate publications, web sites.
Materials indexed include books, periodicals, government documents, pamphlets, and reports.
Materials indexed include journal and newspaper articles, conference proceedings etc.
Materials indexed include journal articles, books, theses, curricula and conference papers.
Materials indexed include journal articles, conference proceedings, theses and book chapters.
Materials indexed include periodicals, catalogues, newspapers.
Materials integrate easily into language arts, social studies, geography, and math.
Materials integrate learning technologies.
Materials introduced are pertinent to students entering graduate work in education.
Materials involving spirituality can be difficult to evaluate clearly.
Materials is fun for adult only people.
Materials is housed on the second floor.
Materials is integrated into majors such as mechanical, aerospace or engineering science.
Materials is one of the strategic research areas in the Canadian economy.
Materials is scientific - practical conferences.
Materials is styrene foam.
Materials list .
Materials list and circuit diagrams.
Materials list and tips on how to take good pet photos for paintings provided upon registration.
Materials list and total cost.
Materials list available at first class.
Materials list available at registration.
Materials list available from department.
Materials list available on enrolment.
Materials list available on registration.
Materials list available upon enrolment.
Materials list available upon registration.
Materials list avialable.
Materials list from instructor first class.
Materials list given at first class.
Materials list given in class.
Materials list supplied with registration.
Materials list to be distributed at first class session.
Materials list upon pre-registration.
Materials listed are silca and polymer based chemistries.
Materials listed here are in chronological order.
Materials listed here are too large to store in their logical locations.
Materials listed on the pages here for sale ARE still available.
Materials lists for each activity are within the description of that activity.
Materials lists for the workshops are available from the reservations office.
Materials Lists the materials needed to do the activity.
Materials lists the types of materials used in making the collage.
Materials loaned by a library are subject to that library's borrowing rules.
Materials look best when they are related in texture, color and degree of naturalness.
Materials lose individual identity and function more as a group in their impact.
Materials lose their original interfacial performance following coverage by foulants.
Materials machined are alloys, aluminum, brass, copper, steel, stainless, titanium and plastics.
Materials machined include brass, aluminium, and stainless steel, as well as a number of plastics.
Materials machined include thermoplastics and thermosets.
Materials mainly consist of handouts and flyers received at the conferences.
Materials Make a list of all materials needed.
Materials Make a list of the materials used to perform the experiment.
Materials make extensive use of hospitality literature and Internet sites.
Materials make nice impression.
Materials means suggestions, notes, articles, postings, ideas, concepts or other content.
Materials meet all current and pending international regulations and standards.
Materials mix with manure.
Materials move between certain animal cells through pores called gap junctions.
Materials move from concrete to abstract.
Materials move into and out of the atmosphere in cycles.
Materials needed are a pint glass 'fruit' jar and an aerosol can of ether based starting fluid.
Materials needed are generally available at local craft stores.
Materials needed are geoboards, rubber bands, a pair of dice for each group,and gameboards.
Materials needed are white paper, a drawing compass, and a protractor.
Materials needed by another patron are subject to recall on the due date.
Materials needed for course reserve, however, are due immediately.
Materials needed for deposit are available at our office during normal university hours.
Materials needed for reserve are subject to recall at any time.
Materials needed for Reserves are subject to recall immediatedly.
Materials needed for the lab are simple and inexpensive.
Materials needed in transporting copolyester resin are trucks, and fuel.
Materials needed include a wreath ring, sheet moss, soil, plants and monofilament fishing line.
Materials needed include carrot sticks and mirrors.
Materials needed include clipboard, graph paper, pencils, ruler and magnetic compass, if possible.
Materials needed include computer terminals with word processing and rubrics for written reports.
Materials needed include study model casts or pictures of the three classes of occlusion.
Materials needed include thick tempera paint, a toothbrush and yarn.
Materials needed include thick tempera paint, a toothbrush, and yarn.
Materials Needed lists the laboratory items required for a successful experiment.
Materials normally take two to four weeks to receive.
Materials nowadays are easier to use.
Materials Obtain a variety of cut round sections from large tree trunks.
Materials offer low resistance.
Materials offer resistance.
Materials only are also available for much less.
Materials ought to be stored in archival quality containers.
Materials pass from view and are forgotten, or they are lost or destroyed, and so on.
Materials pass in and out of the nucleus through pores in the nuclear envelope.
Materials pass into intestines.
Materials pass into small intestines.
Materials perform differently when subjected to dynamic forces found in a real world collision.
Materials perform functions.
Materials perform same functions.
Materials permit whole class activities and small group activities.
Materials placed on open are freely accessible without assistance.
Materials placed on reserve in the CRC are for in house use only.
Materials play an important part in the serviceability of equipment.
Materials play an important role in African works.
Materials portraying the original church are available and can be viewed by visitors.
Materials possess high strength.
Materials possess properties.
Materials possess strength.
Materials possess sufficient strength.
Materials posted by visitors are to be regarded as unscreened.
Materials posted here are for private, noncommercial, scholarly use only.
Materials posted in cabinets represent an obsolete technology.
Materials posted in residence halls require the approval of a residence life coordinator.
Materials preferred are right-reading, emulsion side down negatives.
Materials present opportunities to develop fundamental understanding of key scientific concept.
Materials printed in high contrastin black, white or yellow are helpful.
Materials printed on computer word-processing systems are acceptable.
Materials printed with soy ink are easier to recycle.
Materials processed include optical glasses, quartz and crystalline substrates.
Materials produce final products.
Materials produce products.
Materials produced by other sources are also available.
Materials produced for the purpose of vocational guidance usually are the most objective.
Materials produced in the project are still available until supplies are exhausted.
Materials produced with a high level of surface integrity are more costly than commercial grades.
Materials promote awareness and respect for water resources.
Materials promote student assessment as an authentic and integral part of the instructional process.
Materials protected by warranties include asphalt and concrete pavements, bridge decks and striping.
Materials Provide appropriate material parameters for use in highway pavement design.
Materials Provide biographies of several peacemakers.
Materials provide concrete models from which children gain real understanding of abstract ideas.
Materials provide for examples that relate to both urban and rural youth.
Materials provide guided inquiry, but little open-ended inquiry.
Materials provide habitats.
Materials provide improve mechanical stability.
Materials provide improve stability.
Materials provide information on all substance abuse issues.
Materials provide mechanical stability.
Materials provide nest habitats.
Materials provide opportunities for interactive student participation in the learning process.
Materials provide opportunities that nurture scientific reasoning.
Materials provide sources.
Materials provide stability.
Materials provide tips for the youth teacher in how to prepare and present the lessons.
Materials provided by manufacturers wherein appropriate copyrights and trademarks apply.
Materials provided by the resort and the guest get to keep the finished crafts.
Materials provided by the speakers are on file for review by interested parties.
Materials provided here are for purposes of education and research.
Materials provided in the bibliographies include monographs, maps and journal citations.
Materials provides a list of supplies needed for the activity.
Materials provides production planning and the acquisition and handling of all raw materials.
Materials published in judicial polls are open to criticism by opponents.
Materials published on the Internet are free to subscribers.
Materials range from acrylic to leather to wood.
Materials range from amber unctuoues semisolids to black waxes.
Materials range from announcement cards to brochures, and general gallery signage.
Materials range from Bible studies to books on contemporary issues and faithful living.
Materials range from bibliographic databases to full-text resources, images, and sound recordings.
Materials range from brass, copper, aluminum, steel and fabric.
Materials range from clay, bone, and bamboo to jade, ivory, and gold.
Materials range from cloth covered cardboard all the way up to solid brass or copper.
Materials range from common solvents to exotic toxins to pyrophoric materials.
Materials range from curved plywood, flat ply wood, plastic, or metals.
Materials range from durable wrought iron and steel to wood and other materials.
Materials range from early maps and published accounts of the Pacific to present day materials.
Materials range from elementary literature to professional resources.
Materials range from formed fiberglass to urethane foam to fiberglass mat and polyester fiber.
Materials range from molded plastic to metal to particle board.
Materials range from paintings and sculptures to children's toys and neon signs.
Materials range from paper and plastics, to metals and ceramics.
Materials range from plastic to glass to bone to clay, even paper.
Materials range from presidential papers to an early baseball card collection.
Materials range from silk, polyester, chiffon, cotton and knit.
Materials range from simple single-layer paper stocks to custom piggy backs.
Materials range from traditional to high-tech.
Materials range from videos, to games, to classroom manipulatives.
Materials range from wood, plywood and others are made of laminated or vinyl coated products.
Materials range from zero-pressure rubber tires to hard rubber or steel.
Materials re the importation of Rhodesian chrome.
Materials reach a variety of learning modes by design.
Materials reach the classroom in a complete and timely manner.
Materials react to give different properties when applied by different systems.
Materials react very differently in the harsh environment of space than they do on earth.
Materials Reading materials on domestic violence are available in English and Spanish.
Materials recalled by the lending library are due upon receipt of a recall notice.
Materials received by gift are another facet of collection development.
Materials Recommend books, movies or other resources.
Materials reduce cost.
Materials reduce operate cost.
Materials refer to criminal, civil, medical and financial fields.
Materials reflect diversity with respect to age, race or gender.
Materials reflect sound theories and well-documented facts about the subjects or issues.
Materials regarding CCDA principles and activities are available.
Materials relate to company and predecessor companies.
Materials relate to individuals, families, educators, and trainers in image management.
Materials relate to the organization and activities of the society.
Materials related to programs are available for checkout as well as leisure- type materials.
Materials relating to events include correspondence, memoranda, and brochures.
Materials relating to Native American stereotyping are also available in book and video tape form.
Materials relating to specific subject areas are available on separate lists.
Materials relating to Texas and the United States South are of particular importance.
Materials relating to the publication and response to the book complete the series.
Materials rely on worksheets to convey information.
Materials remain accessible throughout the move by utilizing protective library carts.
Materials remain in order as received.
Materials remain on reserve for one semester only, unless specifically requested by the instructor.
Materials removed include most proteins, enzymes and polypeptides.
Materials Reports from Russian-language newspapers and Web sites, to be handed out in class.
Materials represent the broad ranges of history, geography and fields of endeavor.
Materials requested by faculty receive top priority.
Materials require for photosynthesis.
Materials require maintenance.
Materials required are a printer, crayons, paper, scissors and glue.
Materials required are pencils and an eraser.
Materials required for gas-permeable bag culture are commercially available, as are complete kits.
Materials required for registration verification varies from journal to journal.
Materials Required Please check back for a list of materials and supplies.
Materials respond to sunlight.
Materials Reuse existing structures during redevelopment projects.
Materials Review relevant background information.
Materials rotate in a screened drum so pieces that are too large can be filtered out.
Materials run a scheme though quite different was discussed.
Materials See our creative specs for specific requirements.
Materials See Preparation.
Materials See webquest for online and offline resources.
Materials seem more appropriately designed for adults.
Materials seem more flimsy, joints seem less secure.
Materials seem to be usable in a variety of settings according to the evaluation material.
Materials seem very expensive placed in that context.
Materials Select a meeting title to view documents and presentations from that meeting.
Materials selected are limestone and brick.
Materials selected are mostly relevant to the topic.
Materials serve best within specific pH ranges.
Materials shelved here include atlases, books, journals, maps, rare materials, and series.
Materials show features.
Materials show many features.
Materials show many interest features.
Materials show various characteristics.
Materials simply are atoms joined together in the solid state.
Materials sold in the sales are library discards and items donated by the public.
Materials speak and have their own language, they seem to contain memories.
Materials sponsored by corporations are generally glossy, attractive, and convenient.
Materials stored in file cabinets are difficult to browse and access.
Materials stored in fumecupboards also disrupt the air-flow making the fumecupboard less efficient.
Materials stored on the job for a long period of time are subject to damage.
Materials stream out from the equatorial plane and an expanding atmosphere is formed.
Materials submitted are open for peer review and improvement.
Materials sudied include steel, aluminum, ploymers, and composites.
Materials supplied are sufficient for multiple classes.
Materials swirl inward, like water circling the drain.
Materials synthesis at high pressure.
Materials tested include high temperature metals for turbine disks and carbon-carbon composites.
Materials There are many craft items on the market today specifically for the scrapbooker.
Materials there are more timely and comprehensive.
Materials There is still a large effort to introduce pitch carbon fiber into applications.
Materials transfer agreements and evaluation agreements .
Materials transfer charge.
Materials transfer electric charge.
Materials transfer energy.
Materials transfer heat.
Materials transmit energy.
Materials transmitted by regional geo-information hubs come together there.
Materials treated in mining is another important factor.
Materials typically arrive in one to two weeks.
Materials undergo chemical reaction.
Materials undergo reaction.
Materials use - the quantity of materials used in manufacturing.
Materials use a unique strategy to tie all the activity concepts together.
Materials use and technology.
Materials use current educational assessment techniques.
Materials use examples that reflect real-world experiences.
Materials use in biosynthesis.
Materials use in metabolism.
Materials use in places.
Materials use in products.
Materials use is free.
Materials Use large-print activity sheets.
Materials Use the above map of the United States in the above article.
Materials used also are important.
Materials used are all the highest quality available.
Materials used are commensurate with the student's ability.
Materials used are common and easily accessible.
Materials used are dependent on topic covered.
Materials used are easily available.
Materials used are either leather or synthetic.
Materials used are mainly carbon, aramid and glass fibers reinforcing thermoset matrices.
Materials used are metal, plastic and wood.
Materials used are mostly notions and scrap items found around the house.
Materials used are natural skins, feathers and beads.
Materials used are period OR give period effect.
Materials used are readily available.
Materials used are Stainless steel, brass and pressure die cast aluminum.
Materials used are still average.
Materials used are synthetic hairs of the same types that are used for salt water flies.
Materials used are tea stained cotton canvas, thread and seed beads.
Materials used are textbooks and audio visual aids.
Materials used are tile, marble, granite, stone, or Byzantine glass.
Materials used are woods from company's own industrial forest plantation.
Materials used by bookbinders in repairing textbooks are subject to the tax.
Materials used for blankets vary widely and include hessian bags, felt and car upholstery fabric.
Materials used for conductivity have a critical current density.
Materials used for construction now include steel, wood trestle and virtual ride-enclosures.
Materials used for curtain walls are subject to degradation over time.
Materials used for dental restoration are also resistant to destruction.
Materials used for signage, backwalls and product reproductions are virtually unlimited.
Materials used for the house are the finest, selected from all over the world.
Materials used for the production are of high quality and fulfil respective standards.
Materials used for their products include alloy, steel, brass and plastic.
Materials used have a very functional, life-skills focus.
Materials used in architecture are crude by comparison.
Materials used in construction are also important.
Materials used in electronics are susceptible to corrosion in a wide range of environments.
Materials used in equipment can include plastics, glass, and metals.
Materials used in nuclear technology suffer from degradation due to radiation.
Materials used in one piece include twigs painted white at their bases and secured with copper wire.
Materials used in our manufacturing are wood, metal and plastics.
Materials used in our manufacturing are wood, metal, and plastics.
Materials used in performance groups change from year to year.
Materials used in public contracts are taxable.
Materials used in spin valves are copper and an alloy of nickel and iron .
Materials used in spin valves are copper and an alloy of nickel and iron.
Materials used in squash courts are sensitive and excellent air conditioning is critical.
Materials used in storm repairs, such as lumber and new carpet are taxable.
Materials used in the classes consist of a guidance manual and a workbook.
Materials used in the construction of the house are simple.
Materials used in the construction of the new staircase include iron, wood and limestone.
Materials used in the construction of the PiK are of the highest quality.
Materials used in the curriculum are generally inexpensive and easy to find.
Materials used in the manufacturing are premium alloys of the highest quality.
Materials used in the piece include a bird's head, pearls, silver, and gold.
Materials used in the presentation are neat and attractive.
Materials used in the regulator construction are to be compatible with the intended gas service.
Materials used in the samples shown here include cotton, silk, crepe silk and jute.
Materials used in walls, ceilings, floors, and furniture all affect acoustical properties.
Materials used include aluminum, polycarbonate, stainless steel, brass, foil, polyester and vinyl.
Materials used include audio, video, and electronic sources, as well as readings.
Materials used include fiction, text-books, articles and manuals.
Materials used include iron, aluminum and plastic.
Materials used include metal siding and glass with fin ply doors.
Materials used include natural stone, brick, aggregate etc.
Materials used include paint, oil paint, supplies, and canvas.
Materials used include plastic, composites, fiberglass, metal and wood.
Materials used include published documents and data from internal reporting systems.
Materials used include Speaking Our Language .
Materials used include taped instruction, textbooks, and current articles.
Materials used include tempura, paints, tissue paper, glue, pastels.
Materials used include theory textbooks and standard music literature.
Materials used include titanium, stainless steel, and plastic.
Materials used include web site rubrics and computer terminals with internet access.
Materials used often indicate the age of an instrument.
Materials utilized by the class include newspapers, magazines, books, and workbook pages.
Materials utilized include playdoh, easel, waterplay, crayons, and child scissors.
Materials utilizing technology is strongly encouraged.
Materials vary by course.
Materials vary by inauguration.
Materials vary from blueprints, prints, posters, land plats, and newspapers.
Materials vary from pottery cones to rolled up newspaper soaked in wax.
Materials vary in difficulty to permit maximum classroom flexibility.
Materials vary in format and require determinations regarding placement within the filing systems.
Materials vary widely in their nutrient contents.
Materials vary widely, from wood to marble.
Materials vary, but all are fitted with runners that slide on the court surface.
Materials vary, but all exhibit the finest in workmanship.
Materials written on the blackboard are almost always worth taking down.
Materials yielding the highest reflectance in all bands include quartz and silcrete.
Material frequently appears earlier online than on paper.
Material frequently requires delicate and lengthy preparation before in can be studied.
Material often has a minimum response.
Materials often differ when sources of supply or size requirements vary.
Materials often have to be off-loaded further away and hand carried to where they re needed.
Material usually appears in periodicals a few years before it appears in book form.
Material usually arrives within two to four weeks.
Materials usually arrive in five to ten days.
Materials usually arrive in mid-summer.
Materials usually arrive in two to three weeks.
Materials usually arrive in two weeks or less.
Materials usually arrive within eight calendar days.
Materials usually arrive within one to two weeks.
Materials usually arrive within three to four days.
Materials usually arrive within two to four weeks.
Materials usually arrive within two weeks.
Materials usually bound include serials, newspapers, books and pamphlets.
Materials usually shrink when cooled and expand when heated.
All material accepted by disClosure for publication becomes property of the journal.
All material accepted for publication is subject to copyediting.
All material also resists acceleration.
All material appearing in news releases is public domain.
All material appears in either printed, mimeograph, or xerox form.
All material are availible for research purposes by appointment only.
All material are on computerized check out.
All material assigned or presented in class is subject to testing.
All material belongs to respective owners, all images used without permission.
All material can be mixed to give a variety of results.
All material collected is chipped and recycled as mulch or compost.
All material collected is presumed to be public domain.
All material collected is weighed out.
All material concerning exams and course work are to be addressed to the teaching assistant.
All material contained here and linked to from here is protected by applicable laws.
All material contained on the web site is for personal use only.
All material continues to be the intellectual property of the authors.
All material covered in both areas is considered fair game when tests are given.
All material covered in class and assigned in the text are fair game for examinations.
All material covered in class and in the readings are fair game for the exams.
All material covered in demonstrations is fair game for examinations.
All material covered in laboratory sessions is likely to be included in examination papers.
All material covered in the lecture and recitation is fair game for test questions.
All material covered in the module is dealt with in greater detail in later modules.
All material covered in the past three sessions is applied in a series of simulations.
All material covered in the semester is eligible for inclusion on the final exam.
All material covered in the unit is examinable.
All material covered so far is up for review.
All material discussed in class and all assigned readings are fair game for exams .
All material discussed in class and all assigned readings are fair game for exams.
All material discussed in class is test material.
All material displayed here is for religious and educational purposes only.
All material entered by users is owned by the user.
All material found here is originated by our contributors.
All material given to the committee is considered to be sensitive, and remains unacknowledged.
All material has a Newfoundland and Labrador origin or context.
All material has explicit character.
All material here are belong to their respective owners.
All material here is copyrighted by whomever wrote or produced the material.
All material here is for religious and educational purposes only.
All material here is reproduced with permission of the publisher.
All material here is used by permission.
All material included in the website is for informational purposes only.
All material included on the site is located in a searchable infobase. .
All material is a matter of public record, or is documented and attributed accordingly.
All material is accessed via the web.
All material is also available online .
All material is and by their respected owners.
All material is and remains the property of the individual contributors.
All material is archived online.
All material is arranged alphabetically by folder title and chronologically thereunder.
All material is arranged alphabetically by topic and then chronologically within the topic.
All material is arranged chronologically.
All material is arranged first by department or program and then by course number.
All material is arranged interactively, with an easy to use interface.
All material is assigned heat numbers prior to being poured.
All material is assumed to avalible to the public.
All material is available for consultation on a reference only basis.
All material is available for consultation or on very short-term loan, for class presentations.
All material is available for editorial and publication reproduction.
All material is available for free, including presentations, tutorials, applications, and exercises.
All material is available for online viewing, printing or downloading to popular word processors.
All material is available for use on site only.
All material is available in English, French and Spanish.
All material is available in French only.
All material is available through interlibrary loan.
All material is available via password-protected hyperlink from here.
All material is based on a twelve-tone row.
All material is based on the fundamental nature of the system.
All material is based on United States education guidelines for classroom use.
All material is based upon a moderate view of human rights and political rights.
All material is believed to be correct at the time of publishing.
All material is believed to be public domain.
All material is brought in by helicopter.
All material is by by-lined journalists and photographers.
All material is catalogued on computer, which visitors can view.
All material is catalogued online.
All material is comprehensive within the program.
All material is confidential.
All material is considered carefully.
All material is copy written or reproduced with permission.
All material is copyrighted and intended only for users' personal use.
All material is copyrighted and is for viewing purposes only.
All material is copyrighted and no unauthorisized activity of any kind can be done.
All material is copyrighted and written permission for any commercial use is required.
All material is copyrighted but can be duplicated with no changes with permission.
All material is copyrighted by our clients.
All material is copyrighted by the author.
All material is copyrighted by the band and all material contained herein is used with permission.
All material is copyrighted by the respected owner.
All material is copyrighted by the respective authors.
All material is copyrighted by their individual group.
All material is copyrighted by their owners.
All material is copyrighted by their respected owners.
All material is copyrighted by urata's seminar.
All material is copyrighted, and the normal restrictions apply.
All material is copyrighted.
All material is correlated to the SOLs.
All material is created by the staff and students.
All material is current.
All material is custom designed to relate only to materials found at the installation.
All material is delivered in the annealed state.
All material is destroyed without notice twelve months after last use.
All material is discussed and illustrated using real experimental data.
All material is distributed free of charge.
All material is donated freely by teachers from the UK and around the world.
All material is due back by the end of the semester.
All material is due by the dates listed on the syllabus.
All material is due on the date and time stamped on the date due slip.
All material is due on the final day of class, so please watch the academic calendar carefully.
All material is due on the final night of class, without exception.
All material is due on the final night of class.
All material is easily copied and easy to follow.
All material is finger-jointed for strength and durability.
All material is for educational purposes.
All material is for educational use only.
All material is for general audiences unless noted.
All material is for general information purposes and educationals.
All material is for personal and private use only.
All material is for reference only.
All material is for reference use only and is available in our search room.
All material is free for instructional purposes.
All material is free for non-profit reuse unless otherwise noted by the author.
All material is free of charge with a written request.
All material is free of charge.
All material is free.
All material is freely available for teaching, non-profit purposes.
All material is freely available to everyone.
All material is fresh and original.
All material is full text.
All material is generally non-returnable.
All material is generated out of the event as an echo-reflection of being here.
All material is genuine and no reproductions are offered in the catalogue.
All material is guaranteed as described.
All material is guaranteed authentic.
All material is guaranteed genuine and in good condition unless otherwise stated.
All material is guaranteed to be genuine.
All material is handled as confidential.
All material is handled informally, and open discussion is encouraged.
All material is held in double thickness corrugated card boxes within a polyethylene sleeve.
All material is here with the consent of the webcam owners.
All material is high in modeling value.
All material is housed in closed stacks.
All material is identified clearly.
All material is identified, described, and placed in the correct stratigraphic position.
All material is in downloadable .PDF format.
All material is in electronic form and access is free.
All material is in English or French.
All material is in English.
All material is in German and English.
All material is included.
All material is intended for educational purposes only.
All material is intended for use by and delivery to U.S. residents.
All material is issued at the discretion of the duty librarian, archivist or curator.
All material is just like the dish itself, weatherproof to protect everything from the elements.
All material is kept locked in secure cabinets until returned to submitter or end of court case.
All material is kept very confidential.
All material is keyed flush left with adequate spacing between paragraphs.
All material is labeled with the exact location that it was ordered from.
All material is listed by author's name in the card catalogue.
All material is listed on our on-line system josiah .
All material is loaded into the applicator dry.
All material is made up of atoms and molecules.
All material is new and is leftovers or obsolete from previous jobs.
All material is new.
All material is non-circulating, but limited photoduplication is possible.
All material is non-violent behavior between consenting adults.
All material is offered as a public service to any interested person, anywhere in the world.
All material is offered as is.
All material is offered subject to prior sale.
All material is on open access.
All material is on positive microfilm unless otherwise stated.
All material is on the Internet.
All material is on topic, the layout is nice and all links work.
All material is original and based on in-depth research done by people who care.
All material is original unless otherwise noted.
All material is original with no reproductions, unless an item is described as such.
All material is original work unless otherwise specified.
All material is original.
All material is owned and maintained by the representative company.
All material is owned or licensed, and complies with U.S. federal laws.
All material is performed at modern pitch.
All material is performed on the accompanying cassettes.
All material is placed inside courses.
All material is presented as is.
All material is presented as objectively as possible, with no editorial comment.
All material is presented for educational purposes and to stimulate thoughtful debate.
All material is presented for educational purposes only.
All material is presented for either educational or entertainment purposes.
All material is presented for entertainment purposes only.
All material is presented in a free-form style to easily use in any game system.
All material is presented in an accepted phylogenetic sequence.
All material is presented in English.
All material is presented in good faith based upon currently available information.
All material is presented in the foreign language.
All material is produced under strict quality control and quality assurance systems.
All material is professional, updated and motivational.
All material is property of KLO.PP.SE unless otherwise stated.
All material is property of the contributors.
All material is property of writer.
All material is property, of european dream league.
All material is protected by international copywrite law.
All material is protected by law.
All material is protected.
All material is provided as is.
All material is provided by the department.
All material is provided for browsing and viewing purposes only.
All material is provided for education and knowledge only.
All material is provided for educational and instructional use on a non-profit making basis only.
All material is provided for educational purposes only.
All material is provided for free.
All material is provided for information only.
All material is provided for personal use, but material is copyrighted.
All material is provided through internet links.
All material is provided with good intentions and attention to detail.
All material is provided without guarantees or warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied.
All material is public domain.
All material is published under strictly personal responsibility of the author.
All material is published without charge, space permitting.
All material is readily available except for the census microfilm and the Grainger County material.
All material is registered to the respective parties.
All material is released into the environment.
All material is relevant to teaching the Virginia Standards of Learning.
All material is removed at the end of the semester.
All material is returned after being reviewed and there are no charges involved.
All material is returned to the primary physician for review.
All material is reviewed on a double-blind basis by at least three reviewers.
All material is scientifically sound and the authors regularly update content.
All material is sent to the student at the start of the course.
All material is sent via email to the individual student prior to the course.
All material is sent via first class mail.
All material is separated into three products, by gradation.
All material is shipped free of defective and damage.
All material is shipped freight collect unless otherwise requested.
All material is shipped from Detroit, Michigan.
All material is shredded within a predetermined time frame.
All material is sold with a mylar archival quality covering.
All material is sorted and classified on categories.
All material is stocked on site.
All material is stored off line and is copyrighted by the respective news service providers.
All material is strictly for in vitro research use only.
All material is studied from a philosophical and ethical as well as a scientific point of view.
All material is studied in English.
All material is subject to approval by the editorial board.
All material is subject to approval.
All material is subject to availability.
All material is subject to change without notice.
All material is subject to change.
All material is subject to editing before publication.
All material is subject to editing for brevity and clarity.
All material is subject to editing for grammar, content, length, and space available.
All material is subject to editing for space constraints, grammar and style, etc.
All material is subject to editing for violence and sexual content.
All material is subject to editing.
All material is subject to extraordinary care and treatment after cutting.
All material is subject to immediate recall.
All material is subject to meticulous review by specialists in their fields.
All material is subject to personal interpretation and speculation.
All material is subject to recall and hold.
All material is subject to recall and holds by other library patrons.
All material is subject to recall for use on the course reserve shelf.
All material is subject to recall if needed by another borrower.
All material is subject to recall one week after the initial loan date.
All material is subject to review and approval.
All material is subject to review before acceptance.
All material is subject to review for suitability in our directory.
All material is subject to revision for brevity and clarity.
All material is subject to the approval and authorization of the webmaster.
All material is subject to the approval of the Publisher who reserves the right to reject material.
All material is subject to the attached disclaimer .
All material is subject to the renewal policy of the owning library.
All material is submitted by club members.
All material is submitted on spec.
All material is submitted on speculation.
All material is supplied 'as is' without warranty of quality or accuracy of any kind.
All material is supplied in good faith and is believed to be correct.
All material is supplied, but students bring their own scissors and tweezers.
All material is taken from official college publications and documents.
All material is the author, except where otherwise noted.
All material is the intellectual property of the authors.
All material is the opinion of the individual authors concerned.
All material is the property of Red River North.
All material is the property of the author.
All material is the property of the originator and has been used by permission.
All material is the property of the respective author and is published with permission.
All material is the responsibility of the author.
All material is the sole property of FishWithUs.
All material is the sole property of the author.
All material is the sole responsibility of the author.
All material is theortetically objectionable to someone.
All material is to be considered under copy right protection by the author.
All material is to be in good taste, reflecting the responsibilities of the office.
All material is to be labeled and in proper order.
All material is to be sent by e-mail.
All material is to be typed or word-processed and is to be in proper thesis form where appropriate.
All material is to be typed, double-spaced and is to be in proper thesis form where appropriate.
All material is to be viewed as fictional for entertainment purposes.
All material is to the best of our knowledge original work.
All material is translated into English.
All material is translated into languages appropriate to the student needs.
All material is travel industry relevant.
All material is treated confidentially as are all aspects of the discernment process.
All material is treated in the strictest confidentiality at all times.
All material is treated with absolute confidentiality at all times.
All material is treated with the strictest confidentiality at all times.
All material is typed flush left with adequate spacing between paragraphs.
All material is uncensored.
All material is used in electrode production, and none is wasted.
All material is used in good faith.
All material is used with permission.
All material is used with the knowledge of the owners.
All material is vetted anonymously before being seen publicly.
All material is web-based, hosted on our servers.
All material is web-based, hosted on our system of servers.
All material is welcome.
All material is welcomed by classroom teachers and is greatly appreciated.
All material is welcomed.
All material is written and reviewed by physicians and patient education professionals.
All material is written by independent authors.
All material is written from a Biblical perspective.
All material is written from a Christian point of view.
All material is written in Finnish, and translations are unavailable.
All material is, naturally, copyrighted unless otherwise stated.
All material listed below is in manuscript form and is being offered for a limited time only.
All material needed are in package and include character, string, clips and control sticks.
All material needed is on our website with personal email tuition included.
All material needs to be inventories and written on the outside of the box.
All material needs to be presented in a way that supports the users task.
All material needs to come in together since it goes through production as a unit.
All material passing through customs is subject to inspection and audit .
All material pertaining to the conduct of elections is forwarded to the respective soviet.
All material posted below is copyrighted , copyrights remaining with the author.
All material posted here is provided as is for the convinience of the student.
All material posted here remains the sole property of the author.
All material posted is by permission only.
All material posted is for educational use only.
All material posted is open to the public to be incorporated into any games or animations.
All material presented here is of a public nature within Japan.
All material presented in class or on homework assignments is fair game for tests.
All material presented in relation to cases given and in clinical correlations is testable.
All material presented in the unit, including practicals and assignments, is examinable.
All material presented in the unit, including practicals, is examinable.
All material provided here is for educational purposes only.
All material provided here is unsupported and without warranty of any kind.
All material provided in the Art of Healing website is provided for educational purposes only.
All material provided in the WholeHealthMD website is provided for educational purposes only.
All material provided is completely open and customizable.
All material provided is for informational purposes only.
All material provided is of a general nature and is designed for information purposes only.
All material provided is provided for educational purposes only.
All material published is at the sole discretion of the publisher.
All material quoted is in the author's collection.
All material reports, opinions or appraisals.
All material reproduced here is for educational purposes only.
All material republished here is used by permission.
All material submitted by undergraduates is considered for recognition.
All material submitted is subject to editing and copyediting.
All material typed over a computer is broadcast to the public.
All material used is believed to be in the public domain.
All material used is given appropriate credit within the modules.
All material used is standard hardware and electronic supply store available parts.
All material used is that of public property.
All material written by the author is copyrighted.
All materials absorb energy of various wavelengths.
All materials absorb microwaves to some extent, just as all materials absorb light to some extent.
All materials absorb photons of some energy.
All materials aired on Venus are innovative and daring.
All materials are accessible and open to qualified patrons.
All materials are accessible through computerized card catalog.
All materials are accessible to all patrons, in accordance with the Library Bill of Rights.
All materials are acid-free and archival in quality.
All materials are acid-free and museum quality.
All materials are acid-free.
All materials are age appropriate.
All materials are all natural.
All materials are almost equally well against diamondback moth and cabbage looper.
All materials are also available for translation.
All materials are also available on the Web.
All materials are also available online.
All materials are also earth friendly.
All materials are appropriate for different level readers including the high school students.
All materials are appropriate to the kit.
All materials are archival.
All materials are are available from the program director.
All materials are are in draft form until final review and public comment have been made.
All materials are autoclavable and washable in high temperature cage washers.
All materials are available as circulating collections which rotate between member libraries.
All materials are available as complete packages or as individual lessons.
All materials are available at clearance prices, but only while supplies last.
All materials are available at good quality garden centers and nurseries.
All materials are available at no cost to participating libraries.
All materials are available at the bookstore.
All materials are available at the cost of the blank disks plus postage.
All materials are available at town and school libraries through interlibrary loan.
All materials are available for a gold coin donation for a shopping bag full.
All materials are available for borrowing in coordination with the office.
All materials are available for classroom distribution.
All materials are available for complimentary loan.
All materials are available for duplication or checkout.
All materials are available for free loan.
All materials are available for in-house use only.
All materials are available for inspection, and many for purchase.
All materials are available for library use, and most are available for home use.
All materials are available for loan or reproduction at no cost to the user.
All materials are available for loan, free of charge for two weeks.
All materials are available for loan.
All materials are available for plating.
All materials are available for public use.
All materials are available for review anytime year round.
All materials are available for the open book portions.
All materials are available for the public to preview.
All materials are available for use by the students, faculty, staff, and community.
All materials are available for use during the library's hours of service.
All materials are available for use in the library.
All materials are available for use in the reading room only.
All materials are available for use unless noted otherwise.
All materials are available for use within the library by any library partron.
All materials are available for viewing or use on the premises only.
All materials are available free of charge except for postage.
All materials are available free of charge.
All materials are available free on the Web.
All materials are available free to Washington teachers.
All materials are available free upon request.
All materials are available here.
All materials are available immediately upon request with the exception of restricted materials.
All materials are available in alternative format.
All materials are available in alternative formats upon request.
All materials are available in Blackboard.
All materials are available in both braille and low vision editions.
All materials are available in different grades, with stronger grades usually being more expensive.
All materials are available in either electronic or printed format.
All materials are available in either French or English.
All materials are available in English and Spanish.
All materials are available in hard copy upon request.
All materials are available in pdf format.
All materials are available in printer-friendly pdf files.
All materials are available in Spanish and English versions.
All materials are available in Spanish.
All materials are available in their new permanent locations.
All materials are available on a cost-reimbursable basis.
All materials are available on a donation basis.
All materials are available on a two-week loan basis.
All materials are available on loan free of charge, to eligible students and clients.
All materials are available on tape and students are also assigned practice in the computer lab.
All materials are available online and link directly from the metadata page.
All materials are available online by clicking on the links in the catalog.
All materials are available online.
All materials are available through interlibrary loan.
All materials are available through the instructor support pages.
All materials are available to faculty members for course adoption consideration.
All materials are available to parents, professional, students, and the general public.
All materials are available to students upon request.
All materials are available upon request.
All materials are available via the links provided below.
All materials are available with a Lee County library card.
All materials are available, free of charge, to the traffic safety community.
All materials are bilingual and free of charge.
All materials are black and white and can be clearly and easily reproduced to share with colleagues.
All materials are child-sized to ease manipulation.
All materials are common household items.
All materials are commonly available by mail order.
All materials are completely free.
All materials are completely non-toxic.
All materials are copy-edited for consistency.
All materials are copyrighted by it's respective author.
All materials are covered by their respective manufacturers.
All materials are current and are on the state's approved list.
All materials are current at the time of printing.
All materials are currently available and the transition is effective immediately.
All materials are currently available in braille and large print.
All materials are dependent upon budget constraints.
All materials are dissipative systems.
All materials are downloadable and include a leader's guide.
All materials are downloadable from the web site.
All materials are due as marked.
All materials are due at class time of the day they are due.
All materials are due at YPAS by the advertised cut-off date unless otherwise noted.
All materials are due back before closing on the date due.
All materials are due back by the date stamped on the date due card.
All materials are due back in two weeks from the date of check out.
All materials are due before closing on the date due.
All materials are due by closing time of the due date.
All materials are due by the closing of the library on the date due.
All materials are due by the date specified on the printed date due receipt.
All materials are due in the library at the close of the semester.
All materials are due in the library except for remote controls.
All materials are due in the specified office by the application or nomination deadline.
All materials are due no later than the last day of classes at the end of the semester.
All materials are due on date it appears.
All materials are due on day marked.
All materials are due on the date stamped on the material or printed on the receipt.
All materials are due on the last day of class.
All materials are due on the last day of the semester.
All materials are due two days prior to the end of the term.
All materials are due two weeks from the checkout date.
All materials are easily accessible to students and faculty.
All materials are easy to understand, easy to read.
All materials are elastic .
All materials are evidence-based and promote a team approach to the delivery of preventive services.
All materials are exchangeable and all colours are available.
All materials are extra.
All materials are fire retardant.
All materials are for continental USA addresses only.
All materials are for educational purposes only.
All materials are for educational use only.
All materials are for inhouse use only.
All materials are for in-library use only.
All materials are for on-site usage only.
All materials are for private and personal use only.
All materials are for private, non-commercial use only.
All materials are for reference and in-house usage only .
All materials are for research purposes only.
All materials are for room use only.
All materials are for single user use.
All materials are for use only within our facilities.
All materials are free - bulk quantities available.
All materials are free and can be copied and distributed without permission.
All materials are free and easy to order online.
All materials are free and open to scholars, researchers, students and the general public.
All materials are free and the recommended resources are as global as the materials housed on-site.
All materials are free downloads from the Internet.
All materials are free for teachers only when sent to school addresses.
All materials are free for teachers only, when sent to school addresses.
All materials are free from rust, weld splatter, mill scale, and other contaminants.
All materials are free in limited quantities to Michigan residents.
All materials are free of charge .
All materials are free of charge to both private and public schools in the State of Georgia.
All materials are free of charge, while some are available on loan.
All materials are free of charge.
All materials are free to both tutor and student.
All materials are free to download.
All materials are free to public and private schools.
All materials are free to use non-commercially.
All materials are free, except for shipping and handling charges.
All materials are free, unless stated otherwise.
All materials are free.
All materials are freely available as educational tools.
All materials are from the Yeats Collection in the Rare Book Collection unless otherwise identified.
All materials are full text.
All materials are fully editable.
All materials are fully photocopiable.
All materials are 'fun oriented'.
All materials are halogen free, flame and fire retardant and oil and fuel resistant.
All materials are identical to the original chandeliers.
All materials are identical to the originals.
All materials are immediately available for worship, services, private devotions.
All materials are in alphabetically arranged folders with subject headings.
All materials are in English and Spanish.
All materials are in english unless otherwise noted.
All materials are in English unless otherwise specified.
All materials are in English.
All materials are in full color .
All materials are in good condition.
All materials are in our on-line catalog.
All materials are in pdf file format.
All materials are in Portuguese.
All materials are in Spanish and English.
All materials are in story form adapted from classical texts.
All materials are in the online catalog by author, title, subject, keyword, or call number.
All materials are in the Russian language.
All materials are in the science room.
All materials are machine washable.
All materials are made of atoms , which are dipoles .
All materials are made up of a collection of atoms.
All materials are made up of tiny particles called atoms.
All materials are marine grade.
All materials are mathematically correct.
All materials are multi-age and fun.
All materials are naturally radioactive to at least a small extent.
All materials are new and unused.
All materials are non-allergenic, nonflammable, and surface washable.
All materials are non-circulating and largely in the English language.
All materials are non-circulating and subject to use restrictions within the reading room.
All materials are non-circulating.
All materials are noncommercial and free.
All materials are non-copyrighted.
All materials are non-magnetic resulting in very low magnetic field susceptibility.
All materials are non-magnetic.
All materials are non-toxic.
All materials are now available in English.
All materials are now in place for next week's HR training.
All materials are of archival quality.
All materials are of archive quality and both microfilm and microfiche are available.
All materials are of Olympic standard.
All materials are on clean data tapes.
All materials are on file in our office.
All materials are on reserve in Harper.
All materials are on reserve in Library West.
All materials are on two hour reserve.
All materials are online on interactive Web pages.
All materials are otherwise non-circulating.
All materials are permeable to some degree.
All materials are photocopiable.
All materials are preen oil processed .
All materials are present.
All materials are presented on a rotation basis, so all schools have an opportunity to be included.
All materials are printable.
All materials are provide.
All materials are pumiceous ash and lapilli, with variations in grain size as shown.
All materials are purely for information purposes only.
All materials are quality tested before being used in any of our products.
All materials are readily available and most are inexpensive.
All materials are readily available and parts suppliers are listed.
All materials are readily available.
All materials are ready for printing.
All materials are ready for production or adaptation.
All materials are ready to be cut out by student helpers and put to immediate use.
All materials are reprintable.
All materials are resistant to moisture.
All materials are safe for drinking water.
All materials are solely for information purposes.
All materials are state property.
All materials are subject to a disclosure limitation review.
All materials are subject to copy-editing.
All materials are subject to editing for length and clarity.
All materials are subject to editorial discretion and space availability.
All materials are subject to editorial review.
All materials are subject to editorial revision.
All materials are subject to fine and circulation policies of the lending institution.
All materials are subject to immediate recall by the lending library at any time.
All materials are subject to immediate recall by the lending library.
All materials are subject to immediate recall for course reserves.
All materials are subject to immediate recall.
All materials are subject to recall after ten days of use if requested by another patron.
All materials are subject to recall after ten days of use.
All materials are subject to recall after the initial two week loan period.
All materials are subject to recall after two weeks use.
All materials are subject to recall after two weeks.
All materials are subject to recall and late fines if returned after the due date.
All materials are subject to recall at any time by the lending library.
All materials are subject to recall at any time.
All materials are subject to recall for use by another patron.
All materials are subject to recall on demand after the initial four weeks.
All materials are subject to recall once the original borrowing period has expired.
All materials are subject to recall, please see recall section for more information.
All materials are subject to recall.
All materials are suitable for use in both cryo and room temperature applications.
All materials are supplies in the fee.
All materials are the best available, top quality, kiln dried hard woods.
All materials are the finest archival quality.
All materials are the same.
All materials are the sole property of be happenin'.
All materials are the sole responsibility of the faculty author.
All materials are to be arranged and presented each year to the combined theatre faculty.
All materials are to be brought in by helicopter.
All materials are to be brought to all classes.
All materials are to be checked out at the circulation desk.
All materials are to be checked out in the appropriate manner.
All materials are to be cited and properly footnoted.
All materials are to be contained in one of the following.
All materials are to be handled with great care.
All materials are to be handled with sensitivity.
All materials are to be new and unused.
All materials are to be picked up at the circulation desk during normal library hours.
All materials are to be picked up at the circulation desk.
All materials are to be placed in plastic sheet protectors in a three ring binder.
All materials are to be replaced as soon as they have been worn down beyond efficient use, or lost.
All materials are to be returned and then included in the student's portfolio packet.
All materials are to be returned to the circulation department.
All materials are to be returned to the desk when leaving for the day.
All materials are to be returned to the lending library.
All materials are to be reviewed before microscopic rounds.
All materials are to be shelved upright if possible.
All materials are to be stored in chemically compatible containers.
All materials are to be typed, double-spaced, and pages numbered.
All materials are to be used with extreme care.
All materials are to their respective creators.
All materials are top quality and the books are written by experts in their field.
All materials are totally traceable from qualified, selected worldwide suppliers.
All materials are toxic at some concentration ii.
All materials are utilized in the reading room and a coin operated copy machine is provided.
All materials are washable with a mild soap solution.
All materials are waterproof.
All materials are weather resistant and of highest quality.
All materials behave in an organized fashion relating to heat.
All materials belong to one of four basic categories.
All materials breathe for air circulation.
All materials breathe to allow moisture to escape.
All materials breathe well and wash like a dream.
All materials brought to research stations are subject to search.
All materials can be fire retarded in place.
All materials can burn in an oxygen-enriched environment.
All materials carry a warranty from the manufacturer.
All materials change phase if pressure and temperature change enough.
All materials change their physical dimensions when heated or cooled.
All materials check out free of charge.
All materials circulate except textbooks, reference and journals.
All materials circulate for two weeks, except new adult books, periodicals and videocassettes.
All materials circulate with the exception of reference books and reserve materials.
All materials circulate.
All materials clearly spell out how to elect, allowable time frames, and costs.
All materials collected by a nomination committee are to be held in strictest confidence.
All materials come camera ready, most pieces in black and white and color.
All materials come in a variety of colors.
All materials come with extensive background information and teaching suggestions.
All materials come with instructions and a video is available for professional wide format printers.
All materials comply with accessibility requirements to facilitate use by the disabled.
All materials conduct electricity.
All materials conduct heat, some more than others.
All materials conduct heat, which means that molecules bump into each other and transfer heat.
All materials conduct heat.
All materials conform or exceed the latest compendia of quality standards.
All materials contain both positive and negative charges.
All materials contain within references to the authors' names, whenever possible.
All materials correlate with national standards in economics and mathematics.
All materials covered in lecture and handouts are testable.
All materials created in the workshop setting are usable in the classroom.
All materials deal with legal or jurisprudential issues of concern to women.
All materials deal with multiculturalism and diversity including many hard to find titles.
All materials degrade over time.
All materials exhibit roughly the same orientation in the shell.
All materials expand and contract to some extent as their temperatures rise or fall.
All materials expand and contract with hot and cold temperatures.
All materials expand or contract when atmospheric conditions change.
All materials expand when heated.
All materials expand with an increase in temperature and contract with a decrease.
All materials experience rigorous classroom testing and formative evaluation.
All materials fail when over-stressed in a variety of ways.
All materials filed are confidential.
All materials fit conveniently on an optional rolling cart .
All materials found in nature can take one of the four basic forms for matter.
All materials furnished are subject to inspection.
All materials give off, or emit, energy by thermal radiation as a result of their temperature.
All materials go on reserve status the last two weeks of the semester.
All materials have a certain conductivity.
All materials have a material master record, and a material number .
All materials have a maximum bending radius-before compression or tension damage begins.
All materials have a natural frequency of vibration.
All materials have atoms as their building blocks.
All materials have characteristic densities.
All materials have intrinsic value and associative meanings.
All materials have physical properties which one is able to sense a process the visual information.
All materials have the same R-value.
All Materials have their advantages and disadvantages in every application.
All materials have their place.
All materials have to be submitted.
All materials here are as accurate as the author knows.
All materials included here are in the public domain.
All materials included in the PNI are the property of the PNI and are used with permission.
All materials including hair are hot glued to canvas.
All materials indexed are in English.
All materials is copyrighted by it's respective author.
All materials licensees.
All materials listed are English language versions.
All materials listed are readily available for use by home gardeners.
All materials listed below are in-library use only.
All materials listed below are to be used only in the library under staff supervision.
All materials loaned to faculty are subject to recall if requested by another person.
All materials located within are strictly confidential.
All materials lose strength over time and eventually fail.
All materials meet or exceed the quality of the original kepi.
All materials naturally contain some resistance to the flow of electron current.
All materials needed for writing the paper are on electronic reserve.
All materials pass the toughest quality tests and durable construction is standard.
All materials pertaining to financial aid are confidential.
All materials posted here are for the public use.
All materials posted on the Cygnus website are current as of the date posted.
All materials prepared are proofread before being returned to the customer.
All materials presented during the semester is subject to be on the tests and the final exam.
All materials produced by the newspaper remain the property of the publisher.
All materials provided - learn how to make centerpieces, spiral archways, and clusters.
All materials provided are for educational purposes.
All materials provided are the latest available.
All materials provided at the meeting are now available.
All materials provided for the educational session are free.
All materials provided here are in the public domain or are used by permission.
All materials purchased with monetary gifts have a gift plate affixed acknowledging the donor.
All materials react differently at higher hardness levels.
All materials react to temperature changes by contracting and expanding.
All materials read in translation.
All materials read or viewed in English.
All materials receive the ownership stamp, labels, and pockets.
All materials relate directly back to the text.
All materials remain available for next year's classes.
All materials remain the property of the library.
All materials remain the property of the original author.
All materials remain the property of their owners.
All materials required for setting up exhibition booths, as well as related services, are available.
All materials resist the flow of electric current.
All materials resist the passage of electrons, some better than others.
All materials reviewed are to be considered confidential.
All materials seem to be written by techies for techies.
All materials show people wearing specific traditional dress.
All materials shown are actual size.
All materials shown are public access and, of necessity, English-language only.
All materials stand out.
All materials sterilized by ethylene oxide require safe airing time.
All materials submitted are non-returnable.
All materials submitted are subject to acceptance by our editorial staff.
All materials submitted are subject to editing.
All materials submitted are subject to the approval of Hudson Valley Weddings.
All materials submitted for publication are subject to editing at our discretion.
All materials submitted in the application package become the property of the college.
All materials submitted to the university are a matter of public record.
All materials support the national geography standards.
All materials taken from various sources belong to their respective authors.
All materials though are available for loan between branches.
All materials used are anti allergic .
All materials used are anti allergic.
All materials used are available at the centre.
All materials used are child safe .
All materials used are dielectric, suitable for high-voltage protection.
All materials used are durable and the toilets can be chosen in various colors.
All materials used are ecologically safe.
All materials used are environmentally friendly.
All materials used are exclusively Italian and of the highest quality.
All materials used are for acedemic purposes only.
All materials used are highly resistant to the corrosive effects of sea water.
All materials used are in keeping with the original and all treatments are reversible.
All materials used are natural and Egyptian handmade.
All materials used are natural fibres sourced from the immediate surroundings.
All materials used are non-toxic and are all new materials.
All materials used are of the finest quality.
All materials used are of the highest archival quality.
All materials used are of the highest quality to ensure stability and durability.
All materials used are of the highest quality.
All materials used are of top quality.
All materials used are organic and recycled or recyclable.
All materials used are stable, durable, and clean.
All materials used are subject to final approval by an instructor.
All materials used for reef enhancement are clean, stable, durable, and complex structures.
All materials used for research and development are taxable when purchased by the software company.
All materials used for the dolls are of the finest quality.
All materials used have to be quoted according to international citation standards.
All materials used in any procedure in our office are of the highest quality available.
All materials used in cleanup, including absorbed liquids are to be disposed as hazardous waste.
All materials used in our products meet or exceed building code requirements.
All materials used in surgery are steam or gas sterilized.
All materials used in the building are, noncarginogenic and sustainably produced.
All materials used in the manufacturing process are recyclable.
All materials weather and decay.
All materials welcome.
Any material absorbed is likely to be excreted by the kidney.
Any material accepted for publication is worked into our publishing program at our discretion.
Any material accepted is subject to revision and editing at our discretion.
Any material accepted is subject to revision as required.
Any material brought by a competitor is subject to approval by the technical committee.
Any material can emit only photons in a very narrow frequency range.
Any material caught in the filter between the gill bars is swallowed.
Any material consists of atoms and molecules that are in continual, random motion.
Any material contained within is for educational purposes.
Any material containing atoms with free electrons is considered a conductor of electricity.
Any material covered in lecture, laboratory, or in the assigned readings is fair game for exams.
Any material covered in the lab, lectures, homework, or programming assignments is fair game.
Any material discussed in class has the potential to be an exam question.
Any material formed by non-linear processes is critically dependent on initial conditions.
Any material has a characteristic pattern.
Any material left in the grinder is added to the sample.
Any material obtained within Minnesota, North Dakota, and South Dakota comes free of charge.
Any material presented in lecture or covered in the associated reading is fair game on the exams.
Any material relating to Venice, early history or present day, is desired.
Any material removed is placed in clean bags in the area.
Any material rubbing it is very irritating.
Any material stored on TerraNovaNet machines is assumed to be private.
Any material used in product manufacture leaves residues or waste.
Any material used within is reproduced here with permission from the author.
Any materials donated to the service project by businesses or any other entity is a match.
Any materials needed are additional.
Any materials purchased with the funds are property of the private school.
Any materials received by the student are only for that individual students use.
Every material being presupposes a certain weight, density, etc.
Every material has a different refractive index.
Every material has advantages and disadvantages .
Every material has an index of refraction that is linked to the speed of light in the material.
Every material has it's place in the Hierarchy.
Every material is formed by chemical bonds, and has the potential for detection with spectroscopy.
Every material is made up of atoms which are very small parts.
Every material is procured from original manufacturers with certificates.
Every material is rustic.
Every material is toxic.
Every material known to cycling is used, from steel to titanium, from aluminum to carbon fiber.
Every material offers some resistance or opposition to the flow of electric current.
Every material used in a typical modern building is the product of energy-intensive processing.
Many materials are adaptable to various levels.
Many materials are already available.
Many materials are available by mail.
Many materials are available for loan, and inexpensive copies can be made of the other materials.
Many materials are available in full text.
Many materials are available in Spanish and in large print.
Many materials are available in Spanish.
Many materials are available in the classroom.
Many materials are available online .
Many materials are available that serve different purposes.
Many materials are available through interlibrary loan, as are a variety of other resources.
Many materials are available through interlibrary loan.
Many materials are available through the library's Website .
Many materials are available via the Internet in addition to traditional print formats.
Many materials are available.
Many materials are difficult to recycle.
Many materials are for use in the library only.
Many materials are free of charge to teachers and counselors.
Many materials are free or have a minimal charge.
Many materials are full text.
Many materials are in African languages.
Many materials are in closed stacks.
Many materials are medical grade and well suited for laboratory use.
Many materials are naturally dark and hard to color.
Many materials are naturally radioactive.
Many materials are only available by making direct contact with the publishers.
Many materials are registered and effective at controlling thrips.
Many materials are registered and effective at controlling whiteflies.
Many materials are so abrasive that they can wear a hole in a pipe elbow in just a few weeks.
Many materials are strong enough for use as lashing and cordage.
Many materials are suitable for mulching blueberries, but sawdust Is most common.
Many materials are suitable.
Many materials are test-fitted in the United States to ensure ease of construction on site.
Many materials are too thick for pamphlet binders.
Many materials are viscoelastic including polymers and biological materials.
Many materials become brittle and easily breakable when their temperature changes enough.
Many materials become brittle at extremely low temperatures.
Many materials become fluorescent when doped with the lanthanides.
Many materials become weaker at high temperatures.
Many materials can slow the transfer of heat though conduction or convection.
Many materials change physical properties, becoming brittle.
Many materials commonly used in schools are toxic e.g. art materials, pesticides.
Many materials considered as non-combustible can burn in the presence of liquid oxygen.
Many materials deform before they break.
Many materials do circulate to qualified borrowers.
Many materials exhibit complex and unusual magnetic properties.
Many materials expand when they are heated.
Many materials have important uses if they can be made in the form of thin films.
Many materials included are either educational or outside the mainstream of entertainment films.
Many materials move into cells without requiring the expenditure of cellular energy.
Many materials oxidize readily in air.
Many materials remain online year round.
Many materials selectively absorb certain wavelengths of light.
Many materials show both types of behavior.
Many materials still have the manufacturer's label.
Many materials used in the lab can have negative environmental impact if disposed of improperly.
Many materials work well in small defects in rodent bones, but fail in larger animals.
More material goes up at a time - one stop walls and roof.
More material is added from time to time.
More material is applied toward the center and less at the edges.
More material is better than being shorted and paying shipping costs on additional material.
More material is needed to sort it out.
More material is on the way.
More material means less communication.
More materials are on the way.
Most material can be word processed or scanned from other kinds of documents.
Most material comes from Brazil, but almost all of the Brazilian material is heat-treated amethyst.
Most material drops out of the air-stream into the hopper.
Most material has small, rather indistinct trigones.
Most material has three layers.
Most material is accessible by anyone on the web though there is a subscriber area.
Most material is American in origin, and comes in both traditional and fashion colors.
Most material is available at no cost.
Most material is available for postal borrowing.
Most material is available free of charge.
Most material is available in open stack areas for users to browse and select at their leisure.
Most material is available to members only.
Most material is available to the public for viewing only.
Most material is consumed captively in the production of a variety of industrial chemicals.
Most material is copyrighted, and using it without permission is illegal.
Most material is free to be shared.
Most material is from leading policy research and advocacy organizations.
Most material is from research-level or university mathematical sites.
Most material is from the eastern United States, the midwest, and Mexico.
Most material is harvested in forests.
Most material is in English and French.
Most material is in English, but there is some in Chinese and Tibetan.
Most material is in English.
Most material is in French and German.
Most material is in the arts, humanities, and social sciences.
Most material is in the public domain.
Most material is less than fifteen years old.
Most material is mini-DV format and of broadcast quality.
Most material is new.
Most material is of a professional rather than a personal nature.
Most material is organized chronologically.
Most material is original, unless otherwise noted.
Most material is prepared with word processors or desktop publishing applications.
Most material is received within two to four weeks.
Most material is relevant.
Most material is secondary, taken from journals and newspapers.
Most material is shipped on high-density disks.
Most material is team taught by a group of faculty with both academic and organizational experience.
Most material is the same as is in the hard copy - but updated.
Most materials absorb energy.
Most materials absorb liquids.
Most materials absorb sound.
Most materials absorb water.
Most materials acquired are current monographs in paper format in conventional sizes.
Most materials acquired are current publications.
Most materials acquired are in one of the formats listed above.
Most materials acquired are monographs or serials in hard copy or microform.
Most materials affect conduction.
Most materials also are available in Spanish.
Most materials are also available for circulation through interlibrary loan services.
Most materials are available at no charge, unless otherwise indicated.
Most materials are available for a three-week period.
Most materials are available for copying or check out.
Most materials are available for faculty and staff check-out.
Most materials are available for loan to university students, faculty and staff.
Most materials are available for overnight or weekend loan by students.
Most materials are available for use in the Library only.
Most materials are available free of charge or at minimal cost.
Most materials are available in English and in Spanish.
Most materials are available in open stacks and are available for browsing.
Most materials are available in pdf format.
Most materials are available in sheet, rod and tube.
Most materials are available in small quantities at no charge.
Most materials are available on loan for a period of two weeks.
Most materials are available through the class at a discount.
Most materials are available to student, faculty, staff, alumni and public researchers.
Most materials are available to the public including print, electronic, and non-print materials.
Most materials are available under state contract.
Most materials are available within our region without charge to the patron.
Most materials are available within three to five days.
Most materials are available without charge to the patron.
Most materials are ceremonial, including a human skull rattle.
Most materials are chemically benign and sustainable.
Most materials are for in-house use only, and have short loan periods.
Most materials are for library use only.
Most materials are for the lay person, student, or small business owner.
Most materials are free of charge, but require a small fee to cover shipping charges.
Most materials are free of charge.
Most materials are free.
Most materials are from the United States and the United Kingdom.
Most materials are in closed stacks.
Most materials are in open stacks, immediately available for use by library patrons.
Most materials are in printed format.
Most Materials are in stock and ready for shipment.
Most materials are in their original languages.
Most materials are inexpensive an easily found.
Most materials are introductory, but focused on secondary education or college-level learners.
Most materials are made of atoms.
Most materials are magnetic because the domains are randomly aligned.
Most materials are of normal anatomy.
Most materials are on a first come, first serve basis.
Most materials are on a PC database and are available on diskette.
Most materials are on hand in our extensive library and storeroom.
Most materials are on the open shelves.
Most materials are photocopies.
Most materials are quite low in cost.
Most materials are renewable in person, by phone, or on the Web.
Most materials are still available only in a print format.
Most materials are subject to two renewals.
Most materials are transparent to some wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation.
Most materials are undated.
Most materials are used by humans.
Most materials are visible and accessible to the children.
Most materials arrive about seven to fourteen days after the request is made.
Most materials arrive from the vendor pre-processed.
Most materials arrive within a week, but sometimes the service takes longer.
Most materials arrive within one to three weeks.
Most materials arrive within one to two weeks.
Most materials attract insects.
Most materials become waste.
Most materials begin to solidify, forming crystals, especially if the liquid is in a container.
Most materials can go from one state to another, depending on the temperature.
Most materials can have effects.
Most materials cause death.
Most materials cause effects.
Most materials check out for two weeks.
Most materials circulate for a period of two weeks.
Most materials circulate for one week.
Most materials circulate for three weeks.
Most materials circulate for two weeks, with renewals available as needed.
Most materials circulate for two weeks.
Most materials circulate to provide patron use of the materials out of the library.
Most materials circulate.
Most materials cited are in the noncirculating reference collection on the second floor.
Most materials collected are in the English language.
Most materials come from decay plants.
Most materials come from plants.
Most materials come in contact.
Most materials come into contact.
Most materials conduct energy.
Most materials conduct heat energy.
Most materials conduct heat.
Most materials conduct thermal energy.
Most materials consist of metallic particles.
Most materials consist of particles.
Most materials contain atoms.
Most materials contain bonds.
Most materials contain carbon.
Most materials contain chemicals.
Most materials contain compounds.
Most materials contain covalent bonds.
Most materials contain dust.
Most materials contain elements.
Most materials contain flaws.
Most materials contain hazardous substances.
Most materials contain materials.
Most materials contain matter.
Most materials contain nitrogen.
Most materials contain organic matter.
Most materials contain organic substances.
Most materials contain phases.
Most materials contain pigment.
Most materials contain starches.
Most materials contain substances.
Most materials contain supplementary materials.
Most materials contain toxic substances.
Most materials convert light.
Most materials convert mechanical pressure.
Most materials convert pressure.
Most materials cover surfaces.
Most materials easily meet the first criterion.
Most materials emit light.
Most materials encourage development.
Most materials enter earth.
Most materials enter waste.
Most materials expand when heated and contract when cooled.
Most materials expand when heated.
Most materials expand when they are heated.
Most materials expand when they freeze from a liquid to a solid.
Most materials fall easily into one category or the other.
Most materials go out for three weeks.
Most materials have a three-week loan period.
Most materials have a unique chemical attraction for electrons.
Most materials have absorbent properties.
Most materials have applications.
Most materials have arrangements.
Most materials have bulk density.
Most materials have capacity.
Most materials have chemicals.
Most materials have color.
Most materials have conductivity.
Most materials have constant refractive indexes.
Most materials have crystal structures.
Most materials have cylindrical shapes.
Most materials have density.
Most materials have different chemicals.
Most materials have different density.
Most materials have different mass density.
Most materials have effects.
Most materials have elastic properties.
Most materials have electrical conductivity.
Most materials have electronic structures.
Most materials have good electrical conductivity.
Most materials have heat capacity.
Most materials have high conductivity.
Most materials have high thermal conductivity.
Most materials have impurities.
Most materials have indexes.
Most materials have industrial applications.
Most materials have interest.
Most materials have kinds.
Most materials have levels.
Most materials have low density.
Most materials have low levels.
Most materials have low nitrogen levels.
Most materials have lower bulk density.
Most materials have lower conductivity.
Most materials have lower density.
Most materials have lower thermal conductivity.
Most materials have magnetic properties.
Most materials have many industrial use.
Most materials have mass density.
Most materials have measurements.
Most materials have moisture.
Most materials have nitrogen levels.
Most materials have only one trade name, although a few have more.
Most materials have physical properties.
Most materials have properties.
Most materials have refractive indexes.
Most materials have same effects.
Most materials have shapes.
Most materials have similar structures.
Most materials have slight effects.
Most materials have specific properties.
Most materials have structures.
Most materials have tendencies.
Most materials have texture.
Most materials have thermal conductivity.
Most materials have types.
Most materials have unique properties.
Most materials have very low vapor pressures.
Most materials have weight.
Most materials improve quality.
Most materials kept in Reference are current, frequently used materials.
Most materials laminated with two sides usually can last forever.
Most materials located in the room are to be used there.
Most materials mix with manure.
Most materials move by simple diffusion through the semi permeable membrane surrounding the cell.
Most materials offer low resistance.
Most materials offer resistance.
Most materials offered on the site are for sale.
Most materials online are from recent years.
Most materials originate in the United States due to equipment compatibility and availability.
Most materials pass into intestines.
Most materials pass into small intestines.
Most materials perform functions.
Most materials perform same functions.
Most materials possess high strength.
Most materials possess paired electrons.
Most materials possess properties.
Most materials possess strength.
Most materials possess sufficient strength.
Most materials produce final products.
Most materials produce products.
Most materials provide habitats.
Most materials provide improve mechanical stability.
Most materials provide improve stability.
Most materials provide mechanical stability.
Most materials provide nest habitats.
Most materials provide sources.
Most materials provide stability.
Most materials purchased are current imprints.
Most materials read in translation.
Most materials reduce cost.
Most materials reduce operate cost.
Most materials relate to the project work done in the contiguous United States.
Most materials require for photosynthesis.
Most materials require maintenance.
Most materials respond to sunlight.
Most materials retrieved are full-text.
Most materials show many features.
Most materials show many interest features.
Most materials shrink when they freeze and sink in their liquid phases .
Most materials succumb to the effects of salt water and usually corrode or rot.
Most materials take approximately two weeks to arrive.
Most materials transfer electric charge.
Most materials transmit energy.
Most materials undergo chemical reaction.
Most materials undergo reaction.
Most materials use in biosynthesis.
Most materials use in metabolism.
Most materials use in places.
Most materials use in products.
Most materials used in businesses are recyclable.
Much material comes in as standing orders, data compilations and government documents.
Much material commonly has a very brief, slightly orange-pink phosphorescence.
Much material currently exists about the Internet, covering history, technology, and usage.
Much material ends up on the cutting room floor to enable the perfect design placement.
Much material here is taken from the public domain.
Much material is given away freely.
Much material is in the languages of the countries concerned.
Much material is platform dependent.
Much material is required.
Much material is still largely in text format and as such is easier to read off-screen.
Much material is symbolic information.
Much material is there, but it is only a beginning.
Much material is to be found in the various laboratories.
Some material also appropriate for hardware developers.
Some material are available in Italian, French, Spanish and German.
Some material concerns the entire country.
Some material contains adult language and situations.
Some material contains adult situations and language.
Some material contains deletions for security reasons.
Some material differs among the lecture sections on different campuses.
Some material floats on the water, forming a layer of scum.
Some material forms a fattened disk.
Some material goes over the students' heads or is culturally specific.
Some material has national significance, some mainly regional, local, or family value.
Some material has restrictions on use.
Some material here is included with the express permission of the author or publisher.
Some material includes permission for teachers for limited use with students.
Some material is accessible by paid subscription only.
Some material is accessible to members only, but much of the site is open access.
Some material is already available.
Some material is also available at ftp.u.washington.edu.
Some material is also available for viewing online.
Some material is also available from out of print stocks and for aircraft out of service.
Some material is also available on the web site.
Some material is also the excerpts from books.
Some material is available for purchase.
Some material is available for reproduction.
Some material is available for use by other health care organizations for a fee.
Some material is available full text.
Some material is available full-text.
Some material is available in .pdf format only.
Some material is available in English.
Some material is available in Korean, Vietnamese, Chinese, Spanish and French versions.
Some material is available in postscript format.
Some material is available in Spanish and English.
Some material is available in Spanish.
Some material is available in the following texts.
Some material is available on electronic reserve .
Some material is available on most areas of the United States.
Some material is available only in class meetings .
Some material is available only on-line.
Some material is available only to students of the school.
Some material is available only to subscribers.
Some material is available through the federal government.
Some material is available to members only.
Some material is available to subscribers only.
Some material is avaliable in Spanish and Portuguese.
Some material is closed.
Some material is controversial and challenging.
Some material is copyrighted by others and used with permission.
Some material is copyrighted by others and used with their permission.
Some material is duplicated, especially when included in more than one distribution.
Some material is even available in different languages.
Some material is even available in languages other than English.
Some material is expensive and changes frequently.
Some material is for sale, but much of it is online here.
Some material is from origins unknown.
Some material is full text.
Some material is fulltext.
Some material is held at more than one.
Some material is in German, Russian or Chinese.
Some material is in Hebrew.
Some material is in Spanish.
Some material is included that is possibly of interest only to specialists.
Some material is incorporated by reference in regulations.
Some material is irrelevant, some is essential.
Some material is kept on microform.
Some material is mentioned below.
Some material is now available in Spanish.
Some material is now available via an electronic reserve accessible through the library's web page.
Some material is on closed access.
Some material is only accessible to subscribers.
Some material is only available in the book.
Some material is only available to registered subscribers.
Some material is out of print.
Some material is owned by others and other material is in the public domain.
Some material is owned by others and yet other material is in the public domain.
Some material is presented only in the class lectures.
Some material is proprietary.
Some material is protected, while much is considered public domain.
Some material is provided with the course tuition.
Some material is pure experimentation and improvisation, while some is more systematic and refined.
Some material is R rated.
Some material is recommended for a particular age or grade level.
Some material is restricted in accordance with the privacy laws of Minnesota.
Some material is restricted.
Some material is sent in by friends, missionaries, tourists, etc., traveling abroad.
Some material is similiar in nature to other postings on the net.
Some material is simply difficult to find.
Some material is so difficult to master that participants have been known to burst into tears.
Some material is still in editorial review.
Some material is stored off-site, and some material is served only by appointment.
Some material is too fragile to photocopy.
Some material is undated.
Some material is very unique.
Some material is via through interlibrary loans to local libraries.
Some material just needs to be taught through lecture.
Some material lends inself to group work as well.
Some material lends itself better to satellite distribution.
Some material lends itself to various memory tricks.
Some material needs a consumable workbook in addition to the textbook.
Some material needs updating, however.
Some material published here is reprinted with the permission of the authors.
Some material relates to contributions to retirement plans made by self-employed professionals.
Some material relates to Poland.
Some material relates to the Great Awakening.
Some material requires immediate action.
Some material requires paid subscription.
Some material requires registration, and some requires paid subscription.
Some material requires simple arithmetic or very elementary high school algebra.
Some material requires subscription.
Some material sinks right to the bottom, where it forms layers of carbon-rich sediments .
Some materials absorb acid.
Some materials absorb amino acid.
Some materials absorb better than others.
Some materials absorb heat.
Some materials absorb ink in different ways.
Some materials absorb light, some refract it, some reflect it.
Some materials absorb light.
Some materials absorb radiation.
Some materials absorb solar heat.
Some materials accumulate in fetal intestines.
Some materials accumulate in intestines.
Some materials accumulate in livers.
Some materials act as barriers.
Some materials act as effective barriers.
Some materials act as vapor barriers.
Some materials also have vaporization, melt and shear tables.
Some materials appear homogenous, but are actually a combination of substances.
Some materials are accepted free of charge, for others there is a fee.
Some materials are also available in French, German, Russian, Italian, Spanish, and Portuguese.
Some materials are also available in other languages.
Some materials are also available in Spanish language.
Some materials are also available in Spanish.
Some materials are also available on request and provided by members.
Some materials are also available through electronic reserve.
Some materials are also in Spanish.
Some materials are at a modest additional charge to be collected in class.
Some materials are available as noted.
Some materials are available by fax machine.
Some materials are available directly online as well.
Some materials are available either way.
Some materials are available for non-English speakers.
Some materials are available for order and others are hotlinked directly from the website.
Some materials are available for overnight or three day check-out as determined by the instructor.
Some materials are available for public viewing, course is limited to students.
Some materials are available for testing.
Some materials are available in alternative formats.
Some materials are available in both English and Spanish.
Some materials are available in full-text.
Some materials are available in languages other than English.
Some materials are available in neighborhood libraries.
Some materials are available in non-English versions.
Some materials are available in other languages.
Some materials are available in solution for solvent dip casting.
Some materials are available in Spanish on the website.
Some materials are available in Spanish, as well.
Some materials are available in Spanish.
Some materials are available in the original layout including graphics and charts.
Some materials are available on a checkout basis.
Some materials are available on microfilm only.
Some materials are available on the Internet .
Some materials are available on-line.
Some materials are available only to members.
Some materials are available through the Internet.
Some materials are available through the program.
Some materials are available to educators for free or at a very low cost.
Some materials are available.
Some materials are better conductors of heat than others, metals are good conductors, air is poor.
Some materials are better conductors of heat than others.
Some materials are better conductors than others and offer less resistance to the flow of charge.
Some materials are better than others at resisting the transmission of heat.
Some materials are better than others.
Some materials are brittle and shatter like glass, while others are ductile and deformable.
Some materials are bulky, but light.
Some materials are capable of carrying electricity more effectively than other materials.
Some materials are classified as conductors.
Some materials are classified as pollutants.
Some materials are classified as water pollutants.
Some materials are closer to the flame than others.
Some materials are common, others are rare.
Some materials are confidential and access is restricted.
Some materials are content specific and useful directly with students.
Some materials are corrosive and vulnerable to shocks, chemicals or heat.
Some materials are currently available for review and piloting.
Some materials are difficult to handle and copy safely.
Some materials are easier than others to photocopy.
Some materials are easier to disinfect than others.
Some materials are easier to extrude than others.
Some materials are easier to heat up or cool down than others.
Some materials are easier to recycle than others.
Some materials are easier to work with.
Some materials are ephemeral, while others are chosen to last for generations.
Some materials are faster light-emitters than others.
Some materials are fed in, others come out, and others are reused over and over again.
Some materials are for purchase only.
Some materials are for reference and some circulate.
Some materials are free including the Educational Resources Catalog.
Some materials are free, some are low-cost, and some are commercial products.
Some materials are free.
Some materials are from local and regional organizations that serve a particular geographic area.
Some materials are good conductors of electricity.
Some materials are good conductors of heat.
Some materials are good heat conductors.
Some materials are heavier than others, and some are larger than others.
Some materials are heavier than others, bulk for bulk.
Some materials are in an oversize folder.
Some materials are in English while many are in Spanish.
Some materials are in Spanish.
Some materials are in the language of the originating country.
Some materials are insulators of electricity.
Some materials are insulators of heat.
Some materials are 'insulators'.
Some materials are intrinsic semiconductors.
Some materials are less desirable than others in bin construction.
Some materials are less palatable to bacteria and fungi than others.
Some materials are less susceptible to degradation than others.
Some materials are likely to be more useful than others.
Some materials are magnetic because of the way their atoms pack together.
Some materials are more difficult to obtain than others.
Some materials are more difficult to remove stains from, such as silk.
Some materials are more likely to become radioactive and airborne than others.
Some materials are more rigid and require more clamping force to grasp the jar.
Some materials are more tightly controlled, however.
Some materials are naturally good conductors of heat, while others are poor.
Some materials are nearly twice as expensive as another material, and some harder to work with.
Some materials are non-circulating.
Some materials are non-renewable.
Some materials are older examples of major reference sources such as encyclopedias and dictionaries.
Some materials are on reserve in the library and others are located on Internet websites.
Some materials are on restricted checkout and others are available to anyone.
Some materials are online.
Some materials are only available online and are free of charge.
Some materials are only available online.
Some materials are opaque to some frequencies of light, but transparent to others.
Some materials are originals, others are edited productions.
Some materials are paramagnetic .
Some materials are phosphorescent which means they can absorb light and then re-radiate it.
Some materials are produced by dead plants.
Some materials are produced by decomposition.
Some materials are produced by fungi.
Some materials are produced by glands.
Some materials are produced by plants.
Some materials are produced by wood decay fungi.
Some materials are ready for trial and formative evaluation, others are still in production.
Some materials are resistant to the flow of electricity.
Some materials are 'resistors'.
Some materials are secreted by live tissue.
Some materials are secreted by tissue.
Some materials are self-luminous and simulate a variety of lighting distributions.
Some materials are 'semiconductors'.
Some materials are sing-along tapes, videos just for fun, or slides to teach art appreciation.
Some materials are still in development.
Some materials are systemic and are translocated through the plant.
Some materials are textiles woven with plastic threads.
Some materials are to be purchased.
Some materials are too censorable.
Some materials are too fragile to copy.
Some materials are too fragile to withstand the stress of copying.
Some materials are too obscure.
Some materials are transparent to radiation.
Some materials are tricker and require a little extra elbow grease to remove.
Some materials are used by early settlers.
Some materials are used by men.
Some materials are used by players.
Some materials are used by settlers.
Some materials are vulnerable to damage from high temperatures.
Some materials are wrinkle resistant, stand away from the body and allows for airflow.
Some materials attract bugs.
Some materials attract deer.
Some materials attract pollinators.
Some materials become liquids.
Some materials behave in between a conductor and an insulator.
Some materials bend more easily than others.
Some Materials Burn Incompletely in a campfire.
Some materials burn twice as hot.
Some materials can be state regulated special wastes or industrial wastes.
Some materials can become the same or a different item.
Some materials can form peroxide polymers.
Some materials can injure plants when they are stressed for moisture.
Some materials can take on the properties of a magnet temporarily.
Some materials carry electricity.
Some materials cause damage.
Some materials cause decomposition.
Some materials cause diseases.
Some materials cause fire.
Some materials cause infection.
Some materials cause irritation.
Some materials cause most damage.
Some materials cause paralysis.
Some materials cause pollution.
Some materials cause respiratory diseases.
Some materials cause skin irritation.
Some materials change color.
Some materials change physical properties.
Some materials change properties.
Some materials circulate upon special arrangement.
Some materials circulate.
Some materials come from animals.
Some materials come from buds.
Some materials come from erosion.
Some materials come from fields.
Some materials come from nebulas.
Some materials come from petroleum.
Some materials come from rewriting the meager information provided by the client.
Some materials come from soil erosion.
Some materials come from solar nebulas.
Some materials come from subject fields.
Some materials come from water.
Some materials come in packages, and are noted as such.
Some materials come with teacher's guides and lesson plans.
Some materials completely block the naked eye from seeing through it.
Some materials completely blocks the naked eye from seeing through it.
Some materials conduct current.
Some materials conduct electric current.
Some materials conduct electricity and others block it.
Some materials conduct electricity.
Some materials conduct energy better than others.
Some materials conduct heat better than others do.
Some materials conduct heat better than others.
Some materials conduct heat very well.
Some materials conduct heat well, like that metal spoon.
Some materials conduct heat, others insulate from the cold.
Some materials conduct light.
Some materials conduct much more dramatically as the voltage is increased beyond a critical point.
Some materials conduct thermal energy faster than others.
Some materials conform and mold to the horse's contour better than others.
Some materials consist of coarse sand.
Some materials consist of debris.
Some materials consist of detrituses.
Some materials consist of gypsums.
Some materials consist of samples.
Some materials consist of sand.
Some materials contain accelerating admixtures to reduce the setting time.
Some materials contain bacteria.
Some materials contain beans.
Some materials contain calcium.
Some materials contain charge.
Some materials contain chemical energy.
Some materials contain consent.
Some materials contain copper.
Some materials contain energy.
Some materials contain environmental pollutants.
Some materials contain fine silts.
Some materials contain information.
Some materials contain irons.
Some materials contain keratin.
Some materials contain limestone.
Some materials contain long molecules which are lined up, like the slats on a wooden fence.
Some materials contain powerful solvent.
Some materials contain proteins.
Some materials contain silts.
Some materials contain solvent.
Some materials contain states.
Some materials contain sugar.
Some materials contain urine.
Some materials contain water.
Some materials contain yeast.
Some materials contribute to contamination.
Some materials convert heat.
Some materials cover antlers.
Some materials cover the entire country.
Some materials create electricity.
Some materials create imbalances.
Some materials create immune imbalances.
Some materials create immune system imbalances.
Some materials defy all labels, but are just too valuable to leave out.
Some materials derive from cattle.
Some materials dissolve in liquids.
Some materials dissolve in plasma.
Some materials Dutch only.
Some materials eat or dissolve aluminum and are hazardous to airplanes.
Some materials emit an odor.
Some materials emit energy.
Some materials encourage fine root growth.
Some materials encourage growth.
Some materials encourage root growth.
Some materials enter air streams.
Some materials enter digestive tracts.
Some materials enter excretory organs.
Some materials enter intestines.
Some materials enter large intestines.
Some materials enter organs.
Some materials enter stomachs.
Some materials enter streams.
Some materials enter tracts.
Some materials enter waste streams.
Some materials exhibit deterioration in photoconductivity upon exposure to illumination.
Some materials exhibit twinning, some are high temperature phases, and some have large unit cells.
Some materials explain types.
Some materials facilitate growth.
Some materials feed fish.
Some materials find in dungs.
Some materials float in water while others sink.
Some materials form disks.
Some materials form peroxides during distillation or evaporation.
Some materials generate alternate current voltage.
Some materials generate alternate voltage.
Some materials generate beams.
Some materials generate electricity.
Some materials generate heat.
Some materials generate voltage.
Some materials get an additional designation preceding the actual call number.
Some materials have a cost involved, and can be ordered directly from the page.
Some materials have a feature known as ferromagnetism .
Some materials have a minimum transfer quantity.
Some materials have a small charge.
Some materials have ability.
Some materials have absorption.
Some materials have adequate resistance.
Some materials have appearances.
Some materials have capability.
Some materials have characteristics.
Some materials have collisions.
Some materials have commercial markets.
Some materials have crystalline patterns.
Some materials have curves.
Some materials have diagrams.
Some materials have different temperature tolerance.
Some materials have different types of atoms with different moments, which interact.
Some materials have distribution.
Some materials have energy.
Some materials have envelopes.
Some materials have environmental impact.
Some materials have excess.
Some materials have external fields.
Some materials have external magnetic fields.
Some materials have fields.
Some materials have flashes.
Some materials have heat.
Some materials have high energy storage capacity but low rate of recovery.
Some materials have high permeability.
Some materials have high resistance.
Some materials have high strength.
Some materials have high ultimate strength.
Some materials have high values.
Some materials have hues.
Some materials have identical orbits.
Some materials have impact.
Some materials have layers.
Some materials have life.
Some materials have low resistance.
Some materials have lower environmental impact.
Some materials have magnetic fields.
Some materials have major impact.
Some materials have markets.
Some materials have metal.
Some materials have microform editions or circulating copies.
Some materials have more of an impact on the environment than others.
Some materials have nodes.
Some materials have orbits.
Some materials have particles.
Some materials have patterns.
Some materials have permeability.
Some materials have phase diagrams.
Some materials have poles.
Some materials have power.
Some materials have questionable value.
Some materials have ranges.
Some materials have refraction.
Some materials have resistance values.
Some materials have resistance.
Some materials have rubber.
Some materials have several characteristics.
Some materials have significant commercial markets.
Some materials have significant markets.
Some materials have special limits.
Some materials have specific heat.
Some materials have strength.
Some materials have temperature tolerance.
Some materials have temperature.
Some materials have themes.
Some materials have tolerance.
Some materials have ultimate strength.
Some materials have unique curves.
Some materials have values.
Some materials have viscosity.
Some materials help habits.
Some materials help places.
Some materials here are available in Spanish.
Some materials hold heat better than others.
Some materials hold their electrons very tightly.
Some materials hold up to abuse better than others.
Some materials hold water.
Some materials inhibit conduction.
Some materials insulate better than others, while some offer no insulation at all.
Some materials irritate.
Some materials is available only to UVa users, but much is publicly available.
Some materials kill caterpillars.
Some materials kill fungi.
Some materials lend themselves to visual presentations.
Some materials listed above are cable reel flanges cast of an insulating material.
Some materials listed above have very useful analyses of speakers and speeches.
Some materials make contact.
Some materials make good conductors and others make good insulators.
Some materials make up cell walls.
Some materials make up coal.
Some materials make up earth.
Some materials make up walls.
Some materials mix with gypsums.
Some materials move through digestive tracts.
Some materials move through tracts.
Some materials never appear in book form.
Some materials offer alternatives.
Some materials only allow selected wavelengths to pass through.
Some materials pass into ducts.
Some materials pass into guts.
Some materials pass through anuses.
Some materials pass through colons.
Some materials pass through digestive tracts.
Some materials pass through the gastro-intestinal tract without being digested.
Some materials pass through tracts.
Some materials phosphoresce simply by being exposed to sunlight.
Some materials photocopy so poorly that copies are unusable.
Some materials produce a slightly acid condition in the decomposition process.
Some materials produce during respiration.
Some materials produce electricity.
Some materials produce irreversible reaction.
Some materials produce reaction.
Some materials provide background information.
Some materials provide benefits.
Some materials provide biological diversity.
Some materials provide diversity.
Some materials provide extra insulation.
Some materials provide great benefits.
Some materials provide information.
Some materials provide insulation.
Some materials provide listening experience for intermediate to advanced learners.
Some materials provide more information.
Some materials provide nutrients.
Some materials provide values of e which increase or decrease with initial velocity v.
Some materials provided are free.
Some materials radiate energy.
Some materials receive no pretreatments.
Some materials reflect sunlight.
Some materials relate to activities of blacks in Utah.
Some materials relate to states other than Kansas.
Some materials relate to the South and Appalachia.
Some materials related to teaching are accessible only from limited domains or by specific identity.
Some materials require extensive processing and produce toxic waste.
Some materials require membership, but much is available to all.
Some materials require permission of the owner of the original record before copies can be produced.
Some materials respond to forces.
Some materials result in collect condensation.
Some materials result in condensation.
Some materials seem to dwell on a Civil War topic to exhaustion.
Some materials selected are relevant to the topic.
Some materials serve functions.
Some materials serve multiple functions.
Some materials sew better and faster than others in many applications.
Some materials slow down the flow of heat better than others.
Some materials stay in the library, while others can be checked out.
Some materials still remain of great value, others give the impression of busy work.
Some materials suggest that they are related because of the way certain animals hips are designed.
Some materials support mold growth.
Some materials suspend in water.
Some materials take time to arrive.
Some materials tend to absorb and keep water more than others.
Some materials transfer heat energy better than other materials.
Some materials transmit electricity.
Some materials transmit excess heat.
Some materials transmit heat.
Some materials undergo fission.
Some materials use for construction.
Some materials use for fences.
Some materials use for insulation.
Some materials use for temporary fences.
Some materials use in analyses.
Some materials use in bombs.
Some materials use in dental treatments.
Some materials use in dentistry.
Some materials use in experiments.
Some materials use in fermentation.
Some materials use in laboratory tests.
Some materials use in production.
Some materials use in tests.
Some materials use in treatments.
Some materials used for basket weaving are reed, rattan and sea grass.
Some materials used in fragrances have the ability to alter blood flow in the brain.
Some materials work only in tension while some materials work best in compression.
Some materials yield final products.
Some materials yield products.
Materialism breeds greed and envy.
Materialism brings with it a haste to get rich.
Materialism can never offer a satisfactory explanation of the world.
Materialism causes problems all over the world.
Materialism contains elements of structural-functionalism and conflict.
Materialism defends material interests, only.
Materialism defines reality as consisting of only matter.
Materialism destroys the emotion that it provoked and stirred.
Materialism dooms our society with mass consumerism.
Materialism grows as the country moves to a market economy.
Materialism is a branch of philosophy based on tangible, and observable phenomena.
Materialism is a hopelessly closed circle.
Materialism is a love.
Materialism is a monistic philosophy.
Materialism is a perspective.
Materialism is a system of metaphysics.
Materialism is a very ancient idea.
Materialism is a very thoughtful defense of the simple thesis that everything is physical.
Materialism is an attitude.
Materialism is an obsession with gaining, holding, or protecting possessions and things.
Materialism is an overemphasis on material things versus spiritual things.
Materialism is another malignant force in our society.
Materialism is at the root of most environmental destruction.
Materialism is based on our attitude toward money and the things money can buy.
Materialism is dead.
Materialism is Dead.
Materialism is desire
Materialism is desire.
Materialism is encouraged and taught by the media.
Materialism is equally to be avoided.
Materialism is incompatible with Christian doctrine.
Materialism is more prevalent today than in recent times.
Materialism is on the way out.
Materialism is one ism ruining our country and the world.
Materialism is one of the end results of consumerism.
Materialism is opposed to idealism.
Materialism is out of control.
Materialism is part of the scientific enterprise.
Materialism is shallow and honest, mock-religion shallow and dishonest.
Materialism is shallow.
Materialism is the idolatry of our nation.
Materialism is the oldest philosophical tradition in Western civilization.
Materialism is the only way of interacting they understand.
Materialism is the opposite of spirituality.
Materialism is the outlook which views material things as more important than anything else.
Materialism is the root cause of the crime problem.
Materialism is the ultimate expression of despair.
Materialism is the unconscious conviction that existence is substantially physical.
Materialism is the view that all that occurs, occurs in dependence on material causes.
Materialism is the worst illness.
Materialism is their creed.
Materialism is therefore a form of monism .
Materialism leads the pack.
Materialism leads to emptiness.
Materialism loves things and uses people.
Materialism needs neither observance nor defense.
Materialism produces parents who have no time for each other or their children.
Materialism requires material.
Materialism restores dignity and intellectual integrity to humanity.
Materialism supposes that some heavy atoms are produced when stars go supernova.
Materialism thus begins with the thought of matter or material processes.
Materialist time is linear but unbounded.
A materialist is a capitalist
Materialists are capitalists.
Materialists are examples because they believe that only matter exists.
Materialists ascribe the innate traits to maternal heredity.
Materialists believe that everything is composed of matter.
Materialists believe that Nature or matter is primary to spirit or ideas.
Materialists believe that spiritual substance is a delusion.
Materialists hold that everything including any mental entities is physical.
Materialists hold that everything including any mental things is physical.
Materialists like to try and manipulate it.
Materialists take the conjunction of events for causality.
Materialists think that sex is required to be happy.
Materialists view man as wholly mortal.
Materialists often claim that mental properties supervene upon physical properties.
Every materialistic act begins with a desire.
Materialistic historiography differs from it as to method more clearly than from any other kind.
Materialistic philosophy grows into practice, the only possible way for consciousness to exist.
Materiality concerns the significance of an item to users of a registrant's financial statements.
Materiality is a facts and circumstances determination.
Materiality is a mixed question of law and fact.
Materiality is a question for the jury.
Materiality is a question of law for the district court.
Materiality is an absolute requirement for a conviction of perjury.
Materiality is determined as a result of professional judgment.
Materiality is matter of law.
Materiality is meant to convey a sense of significance or importance of an item.
Materiality is necessary to spiritual accomplishment.
Materiality is quality
Materiality is quality.
Materiality is relevance.
Materiality is the quality of materials in an environment.
Materiality makes people understand their social environment and the living world.
A materialization is an action
Materialization is adaptive .
Materialization is partial .
Materialization proceeds through desire, and the form grows and evolves, becoming more adequate.
Materializations are appearances.
Materializations are natural processes.
Materialized views improve performance and scalability by storing and updating data to disk.
Materialized views provide significant performance benefits for data warehousing applications.
Materials characterization is an important component of any failure analysis.
Materials characterization is carried out by a range of techniques within the department.
Materials costs are much less.
Materials costs are only a portion of project costs, however.
Materials costs are the amount paid for the items incorporated into the work of improvement.
Materials Engineers are an intregral part of todays economy and environment.
Materials engineers are concerned with the selection, processing and development of materials.
Materials engineers are in demand all around the world, as well as here in Western Australia.
Materials Engineers are in demand.
Materials engineers are on the cutting edge of technology in virtually every field.
Materials engineers are very versatile, and can work in a wide range of industries.
Materials engineers create and study materials at an atomic level.
Materials engineers create materials from the atomic level up to finished products.
Materials engineers develop, process, and test materials used to create a range of products.
Materials engineers find ways to make materials that are useful.
Materials engineers have to know the properties of the materials they work with that well.
Materials engineers join a number of societies depending on the particular sub-specialty.
Materials engineers plan and evaluate new projects, consulting with others as necessary.
Materials engineers study materials, both conventional and composite for use in airplane structures.
Materials engineers work with both metallic and nonmetallic substances.
Materials engineers work with metals, ceramics, and plastics to create new materials.
Most materials engineers work in research and development labs in industry or at universities.
Some materials engineers work for the central and state governments.
Materials engineering is all about knowing what materials to use for a job.
Materials engineering is an outstanding example.
Materials engineering is arguably the most important of engineering disciplines.
Materials engineering is concerned with the manufacture, fabrication and economic use of materials.
Materials engineering is one such example.
Materials engineering is truly the career that shapes the future.
Materials engineering opens a whole world of opportunity.
A materials handling is a handling
Materials handling are handling.
Materials handling is an essential part of the production process.
Materials handling is our business and our ONLY business.
Materials management is a key sector in the larger category of enterprise resource management.
Materials management is a natural area for applying the principles of environmental accounting.
Materials processing is a major part of materials engineering.
Materials processing is complex and provides many challenges for researchers and industry to solve.
Materials processing is handled by other vendors.
Materials Products are usually precast in concrete smooth finish.
Materials research can include faculty and students in engineering, chemistry, and physics.
Materials research integrates a wide range of activities spanning both science and engineering.
Materials research is critical to the success of our programmatic activities.
Materials science is a broad field that can accommodate many interests.
Materials science is a burgeoning field.
Materials science is primarily concerned with the physical and chemical properties of solids.
Materials science uses phosphors for display screens.
Materials scientists are particularly interested in the subject.
Materials Scientists continue to develop novel surface modifications to enhance textile performance.
Materials scientists explore a variety of areas.
Materials Scientists make, study, and design the stuff of civilization.
Materials scientists tend to specialize by the material they work with most often.
Materials scientists work in metals, ceramics, and plastic producing companies.
Most materials scientists describe themselves as curiosity-driven.
Materials selection can help make the job easier and produce a stronger joint.
Materials selection is also a limitation of the currently available machines.
Materials selection is carried out using three search routines.
Materials selection is done by librarians in partnership with faculty and other user groups.
Materials selection is governed by ninny factors, some of which are often in opposition.
Materials selection is treated as a part of engineering design.
Every materials selection involves compromises.
Materials technology is very much a part of the development of bionic parts.
Materials testing is completed by certified technicians.
Materials testing is widespread throughout industry and government.
Maternal abandonment causes serious deviant behavior.
Maternal age is based on the age of the mother at the time of delivery.
Maternal age is one of the risk factors for certain types of birth defects.
Maternal aggression is excessive aggression directed toward puppies by the mother dog.
Maternal aggression is reduced in neuronal nitric oxide synthase deficient mice.
Maternal aggression is reduced in neuronal nitric oxide synthase-deficient mice.
Maternal aggression occurs in almost all mammals.
Maternal alleles appear to either increase or decrease in size.
Maternal antibodies are a mixed blessing in the shelter environment.
Maternal antibodies are present in the yolk, albumin, and the fluids of the egg.
Maternal antibodies block malaria.
Maternal antibodies can also interfere with a child's immune response to an antigen.
Maternal antibodies create opportunity.
Maternal antibodies cross the placenta confounding antibody testing.
Maternal antibodies cross the placenta to the fetus, and pass through breast milk after birth.
Maternal antibody can interfere with viral replication which produces an effective immune response.
Maternal antibody is protective.
Maternal antibody is transferred to the fetus in utero and to the newborn via colostrum.
Maternal antibody wanes over the first year of life.
Most maternal antibodies create opportunity.
Some maternal antibodies enter brains.
Some maternal antibodies enter fetal brains.
Maternal attitude going into the pregnancy and labor has a lot of do with it.
Maternal behavior is common for mammals, but it is exceptionally rare for insects.
Maternal blood is drained by veins from the intervillous spaces of the placenta.
Maternal bonds are influenced by hundreds of emotional , mental and physical issues .
Maternal bonds are influenced by hundreds of emotional, mental and physical issues.
Maternal cardiology involves the management of heart problems during pregnancy.
Maternal care is unknown.
Some maternal care helps predation.
Maternal chromosomes are shown in white, paternal ones in black.
Maternal condition influences phenotypic selection on offspring.
Some maternal consumption reduces milk production.
Some maternal consumption reduces production.
Maternal death happens when a pregnant woman develops complications in the process of delivery.
Maternal death is the leading cause of fetal death in trauma.
Maternal death related to childbirth is very rare in the developed world.
Maternal death relaxes developmental inhibition in nymphal aphid defenders.
Maternal death results most commonly from head injury.
Maternal deaths are hard to measure.
Maternal deaths are rare events, and most parents can expect every child born to live to adulthood.
Many maternal deaths result from complications.
Most maternal deaths occur in less developed countries in Asia and Africa.
Maternal dens are in hollow logs or hollows in the ground.
Maternal depression has broad and long-lasting effects on the infant and child.
Maternal deprivation affects baby's brain biochemistry, study says.
Maternal deprivation induces neuronal death.
Maternal diet alters the sensory qualities of human milk and the nursling's behavior.
Some maternal diets have effects.
Maternal education is also important to preschool vocabulary skills.
Maternal effects are environmental for the offspring but are at least partly genetic for the dam.
Maternal effects are environmental for the offspring but are genetic for the dam.
Maternal effects can influence offspring growth and development, and thus fitness.
Maternal effects depend on quality.
Maternal effects govern variable dominance of two ABA response mutations in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Maternal effects increase within-family variation in offspring survival.
Most maternal effects depend on quality.
Some maternal effects generate variation.
Some maternal effects improve performance.
Some maternal effects produce offspring.
Maternal employment has little if any negative impact on children.
Maternal employment influences on adolescent development.
Maternal employment influences on early adolescent development.
Maternal exposure affects fitnesses.
Most maternal exposure affects fitnesses.
Maternal factors account for the majority of second-trimester abortions.
Some maternal factors regulate development.
Maternal family is positive for schizophrenia and manic-depressive disorders.
Maternal grandfather is married and lives in another state.
Maternal grandmother has diabetes, maternal grandfather has heart failure.
Maternal grandmother is the mother's mother.
Maternal grandmother lives in Michigan.
Maternal grandmothers are grandmothers.
Maternal grandmothers are grandparents.
Maternal grandmothers have exposure.
Most maternal grandmothers have exposure.
Some maternal grandparents feel grandparents.
Maternal health has a profound influence on infant development.
Maternal health is important to child survival.
Maternal heterosis is the improvement in production resulting from a cross-bred dam.
Maternal hypoglycemia can cause fetal distress without any signs.
Maternal immunity is only temporary.
Maternal immunity is passed on in the amniotic fluid and yolk of the egg.
Maternal infanticide occurs when newborn offspring are killed by their mother .
Maternal infections can be asymptomatic.
Maternal influence is paramount to paternal influence.
Maternal instinct guided by faith can transform a nation and a world.
Maternal instinct is strong.
Maternal instinct makes mothers fit.
Maternal instincts are strong.
Maternal instincts can cause dog bites.
Maternal instincts supersede woman's age. .
Maternal lines are very productive and big framed.
Maternal love brings an ethic of care and is shaped by compassion.
Maternal love is equal to divine love, but divine love is superior.
Maternal love is our first taste of love, the origin of all feelings of love.
Maternal malnutrition seems to have a similar effect.
Maternal medication does temporarily affect neonatal behaviour.
Maternal messages control very early events, prior to gastrulation.
Maternal milk is sufficient for the first month.
Maternal mortality gets the focused attention it deserves.
Maternal mortality is a grave problem in our country.
Maternal mortality is also a critical area for attention and action.
Maternal mortality is estimated to be the third highest in the world.
Maternal mortality is halved.
Maternal mortality is high, and many infants die of preventable diseases.
Maternal mortality is high.
Maternal mortality is one of the highest in the world.
Maternal mortality is quite different from perinatal mortality and infant mortality.
Maternal mortality related to the disease is prevalent around the world.
Maternal mortality remains the leading cause of death among women globally.
Maternal mortality remains unacceptably high.
Maternal nicotine depresses eupneic ventilation of neonatal rats.
Maternal obesity increases the risk for neural tube defects in the fetus.
Maternal outcome is good and complications are rare.
Maternal outcome is good.
Maternal oxygenation is preserved during pregnancy.
Maternal position is related to perineal outcome only when student midwives attend the birth.
Maternal pregnancy estrogens, breast cancer risk, and the Utah data.
Some maternal presence decreases offspring survival.
Some maternal presence decreases survival.
Maternal responses fall along a continuum that ranges from total commitment to absence of caring.
Maternal rubella causes loss of hearing, loss of sight, and sometimes heart defects as well.
Maternal rubella destroys eyes as well as hearts and brains.
Maternal sensitivity predicts language gain in preschool children who are deaf and hard of hearing.
Maternal serum screening Governments often promulgate policy on the basis of simplistic ideas.
Maternal shock is fatal to the fetus in most cases.
Maternal smoking doubles the risk of sudden infant death syndrome.
Maternal smoking has a strong adverse effect on infant birthweight.
Maternal smoking is associated with a greater risk of allergy at birth.
Maternal smoking poses the greatest danger, but paternal smoking also increases risk.
Maternal smoking relates more closely to childhood respiratory infection than paternal smoking.
Maternal smoking seems to be more strongly associated with each disorder.
Maternal strength has no substitute.
Maternal stress can have adverse effects upon the fetus also.
Maternal support is one of the strongest protective factors.
Maternal tissue has functions.
Maternal tissue has similar functions.
Most maternal tissue has functions.
Most maternal tissue has similar functions.
Maternal urges have no manners.
Most maternity apparel have little hanger appeal.
Maternity bras are a marketing idea.
Maternity bras offer wider straps for more support and extra coverage.
Maternity care is also available for eligible dependent children.
Maternity care is covered, but only so long as conception occurred after the policy was written.
Maternity care is given to pregnant women to take care of their children.
Maternity care remains an essential part of family practice residency training.
All maternity care needs to reflect 'best practice' principles.
Maternity clothing is available for use by the residents.
Maternity colonies are similarly vulnerable as the young can be dropped.
Maternity colonies are small, comprised of fewer than a dozen individuals.
Maternity colonies begin to disband in late summer and early fall.
Maternity colonies can consist of hundreds of females, although smaller colonies are more common.
Maternity colonies choose caves that have warm, stable temperatures to rear their pups.
Maternity colonies choose sites that have warm, stable temperatures for pup rearing.
Maternity colonies occur in horizontal rock crevices.
Many maternity homes are free.
A maternity ward is a ward
Maternity wards are some of our best precincts.
Maternity wear is interesting.
Most maternity wear is designed for a wide range of expanding bellies and busts.
A maternity is quality
Maternity leave and child care.
Maternity leave and special allowances are provided for female employees.
Maternity leave and women s mental health.
Maternity leave arrangements are poor compared to the rest of Europe.
Maternity leave begins when the employee is medically certified as unable to work due to pregnancy.
Maternity leave can be a problem for businesses, especially smaller ones.
Maternity leave coverage is one of our strengths.
Maternity leave ends at birth.
Maternity leave is available to some employees and is covered by legislation or awards.
Maternity leave is available.
Maternity leave is covered through the university's sick leave policy.
Maternity leave is covered under short-term disability leave.
Maternity leave is covered under short-term disability.
Maternity leave is covered under the sick leave benefit.
Maternity leave is dependent on the duration of service.
Maternity leave is directed towards the birth or adoption of a child.
Maternity leave is granted to tenure-track faculty without loss of seniority or benefits.
Maternity leave is meaningless if there is no adequate income support.
Maternity leave is ordinarily six weeks or less.
Maternity leave is six months on full pay.
Maternity leave is unbroken leave and includes a period of six weeks following confinement.
Maternity leave is, therefore, fully reckonable for service, seniority and annual leave entitlement.
Maternity leave policy .
Maternity leave still has extra costs for employers in most cases and for self-employed.
Maternity wear for every occasion and unique children's clothing.
Maternity wear with an attitude.
Most maternity wear stores carry postpartum clothing.
Math books reviews.
Math classes offer further support by utilizing important spreadsheet skills within the curriculum.
Math classes seem to be a lot of hard work for no apparent reason.
Every math class includes applications throughout.
Math equations make more sense to some students once they are spoken.
Math games are fun.
Math games teach addition, subtraction, division and multiplication.
Math markup treats formulae and equations as hierarchies of expressions.
Math operations are addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division.
Math operations are therefore meaningless.
Math phobia is a widespread national problem.
All math problems have one right answer and that is what is important.
Many math problems are about physics and engineering.
Math programs are on order.
Math symbols are typeset in italics.
A math teacher is a teacher
Math teachers can also find scientific applications for students to explore.
All math teachers utilize computer technology in their classes.
Some math teachers love mathematics.
Math training is also available.
Math activities with a ancient Greek theme.
Math cartoons Over a hundred to choose from.
Math challenges stress the importance of a low-fat diet in cardiovascular health.
Math discoveries catch kids unawares.
Math flashcards for children.
Math is fun.
Math is interestings.
Math is located in classes.
Math is science
Math is subjects.
Math is used for fun.
Math isa science.
Math lists lots of math links.
Math majors only.
Math manipulatives assist students in developing mathematical concepts and thinking.
Math moves at a snails pace compared to physics.
Math opens career opportunities .
Math skills for adults taught in an accessible format.
Math skills to add, subtract, multiply and divide and check results for accuracy.
Math skills to add, subtract, multiply and divide and determine if results are correct.
Math skills to make calculations.
Math skills to perform calculations and computations including ability to balance cash.
Math students with homepages.
Math tables on the back cover.
Math talks for undergraduates.
Math tests available at all test sessions.
Math treats all people equally.
Maths are in such case instrumental to tackle scary personal impulses.
Maths belong to another world, where life is cosy, where the real world is too tough.
Maths Take on the one that so many fear.
All math courses.
All math is calculated automatically.
All math is done on the field of integers.
All math is embedded in functional contexts.
Any math courses.
Many math puzzles exemplify important mathematics.
Many math workbooks help students create their own bar graphs, tables and flow charts.
Most math deals with whole numbered dimensions.
Some math co-processors are better than others.
Some math is involved, mostly trigonometry.
Mathes also develops online packages for on-air promotions.
Mathes has double-occupancy student rooms entered from interior corridors.
Mathes has the ability to tell a great story.
Mathes is one cozy mystery writer who manages to break all the rules.
Mathes is part of a larger trend that's profoundly changing health care in the United States.
Mathematic problems can become a game or puzzle.
Mathematic proof is fundamentally different than physical proof.
Mathematic relationships do exist to correlate experimental data.
Mathematic tests are the only tests that use short-answer questions.
Mathematics also becomes a means to solve real-world problems.
Mathematics also enables human beings to make logically correct judgements.
Mathematics also helps children understand, organize, and analyze their science experiences.
Mathematics are abstract, so they are difficult for many children to master fully.
Mathematics are for intelligent people.
Mathematics are just one part in building a solid theory.
Mathematics are metaphysical tools.
Mathematics are the basic math skills of addition, subtraction, multiplying and dividing.
Mathematics are used to show how likely something is to happen to the particle .
Mathematics are used to show how likely something is to happen to the particle.
Mathematics are, as said above, more complex.
Mathematics becomes mechanical.
Mathematics begin by reinforcing addition facts.
Mathematics bring the class into addition and subtraction with regrouping.
Mathematics can also be the basis of a teaching career at the secondary or college level.
Mathematics can also describe chaotic behavior and structures.
Mathematics can also point out deficiencies in existing theories.
Mathematics can be a game.
Mathematics can be a good way of conveying some ideas.
Mathematics can be a powerful concept map .
Mathematics can be a useful way of coping with the world.
Mathematics can be a valuable tool for self-defence.
Mathematics can be another problem academic area for some students with learning disabilities.
Mathematics can be beautiful, powerful, and useful.
Mathematics can be difficult.
Mathematics can be exciting, fascinating and enjoyable to teachers and students alike.
Mathematics can be the gatekeeper for many areas of advanced study.
Mathematics can describe how fluids move using mathematical formulas called equations.
Mathematics can enrich other scientific disciplines, and vice versa.
Mathematics can enrich our lives that way, too.
Mathematics can even be a matter of life or death.
Mathematics can even enhance a fine arts degree in fields such as architecture and design.
Mathematics can evoke wonder.
Mathematics can help in the interpretation of experimental data.
Mathematics can help standardize developments in one field for use by others.
Mathematics can help, to recognise the principles of evolution.
Mathematics can only guarantee an optimal in terms of one performance measure.
Mathematics can prepare student for careers in business, industry, education or government.
Mathematics can provide amazing insights into the behavior of physical phenomena.
Mathematics can say something about the world.
Mathematics classrooms in Japan, Taiwan, and the United States.
Mathematics clearly has a bias on the side of delicacy and exactness.
Mathematics confirm the impossibility of evolution.
Mathematics Consider the problem of estimating the variables of some system.
Mathematics consistently stands out as the subject with the lowest scores.
Mathematics continually solves new problems and embraces new techniques and technologies.
Mathematics contributes analysis methods to the field and engineering contributes design methods.
Mathematics correct, appropriate and well organized.
Mathematics courses on the web.
Mathematics courses There are two main mathematics courses available to Diploma students.
Mathematics courses through calculus.
Mathematics Create the results sheets for the activities.
Mathematics define a 'group'.
Mathematics defines relationships between one object and another.
Mathematics demands careful, rigorous, analytical reasoning.
Mathematics dictionary .
Mathematics doctorate oral presentation.
Mathematics eliminates the advantages of birth and location.
Mathematics enables children to know that they are right without depending on adult authority.
Mathematics entails much more than the study of arithmetic, algebra, trigonometry and geometry.
Mathematics find out about the math departments agendas as well as uil math info here.
Mathematics Find out the distance between the earth, sun, and moon.
Mathematics Find the stories behind the numbers.
Mathematics follow a similar path.
Mathematics graduates conceptions of mathematical proof.
Mathematics graduates work for government, business, and industry.
Mathematics have many abstractions including the seven postulates of Euclidean geometry.
Mathematics keep it, but they are useless on account of their depth.
Mathematics learning now becomes a team approach instead of an individual instructor approach.
Mathematics lecture series on Thinking About Mathematics, first of eight.
Mathematics links on the Internet.
Mathematics majors only.
Mathematics MathSciNet .
Mathematics now becomes necessary.
Mathematics now control our destiny.
Mathematics now moves from learning calculation to apply earlier learning.
Mathematics och physics corresponding to science program at Swedish gymnasium.
Mathematics opens many doors.
Mathematics play an important part in the formulation of many constraints.
Mathematics related to the building industry is emphasized on each project.
Mathematics See references below.
Mathematics shows up in a variety of other ways as well.
Mathematics sites over the network.
Mathematics skills proficiency.
Mathematics specifically enhances thinking and technological skills.
Mathematics still follows the same pattern.
Mathematics strongly supports calculations involving the interaction of force and energy.
Mathematics There are a number of figures and dates mentioned in the article.
Mathematics There are currently no positions.
Mathematics There are currently six research faculty on the mathematics side of the department.
Mathematics There are hundreds of mathematics related professions and careers.
Mathematics There are two forms of the mathematics test.
Mathematics There are two mathematics placement tests.
Mathematics undergraduates and students planning to take upper-level mathematics courses.
Mathematics undergraduates talk.
Mathematics always proceeds from hypothese which it takes for granted.
Mathematics often provides a quantitative check on a preconceived theory.
All mathematics is taught in context focusing on a variety of strategies.
All mathematics is tautology.
All mathematics needs is inference rules to progress from one step to the next.
Any mathematics required is presented herein in advance of the cryptographic material requiring it.
More mathematics is required, both in number of semester hours and rigor.
Most mathematics draws conclusions.
Most mathematics governs predictions.
Most mathematics has quantitative values.
Most mathematics has values.
Most mathematics includes electronics.
Most mathematics is based on a few fundamental principles and definitions.
Most mathematics is messy, perhaps infinitely messy.
Most mathematics predicts chances.
Most mathematics refers to reality.
Some mathematics afflicts about two-thirds of the chapters, but the rest are readable and riveting.
Some mathematics graduate students work on aspects.
Some mathematics has external reality.
Some mathematics has reality.
Some mathematics is needed to appreciate the achievements of ancient cultures.
Some mathematics is presented without rigorous proofs.
Some mathematics is quite ingenious.
Some mathematics is required.
Some mathematics is used in the course.
Some mathematics is used.
Some mathematics plays roles.
Mathematical ability is also important.
Mathematical ability is very important.
Mathematical activities abound.
Mathematical analogs are of particular importance to futures research.
Mathematical analysis has the same difficulty.
Mathematical analysis helps quantify probability.
Mathematical analysis is accomplished in part by making interesting transformations of the model.
Mathematical analysis is an integral part of problem solving.
Mathematical animation works well with a woman mesh too.
Mathematical aptitude is also useful and is required in some areas.
Mathematical aptitude is important and some physics or electronics background is most useful.
Some mathematical aptitude is a necessity, however.
Mathematical arguments are the most prominent example of such long chains.
Mathematical aspects provide a means of expression.
Mathematical biology is as diverse as are the areas making up the biological and medical sciences.
Most mathematical biology involves the interpretation of data.
Mathematical calculations are a part of every topic.
Mathematical calculations are absolutely necessary to explore important concepts in chemistry.
Some mathematical calculations require more than one operation.
Mathematical capabilities come from a subset of maple which is callable from menus.
Mathematical certainty is neither necessary nor achievable.
Mathematical challenges abound even for standard materials which have been studied for some years.
Mathematical chances become big zeros without a win.
Mathematical chemistry is a truly interdisciplinary subject, a field of rapidly growing importance.
Mathematical cognition is observed as a doubly embodied ongoing action in an environment.
Mathematical coincidences have great importance.
Mathematical coincidences have importance.
Most mathematical coincidences have great importance.
Most mathematical coincidences have importance.
Some mathematical comments are in order to add to the discussion of pi.
Mathematical communication can occur in any relationship and context.
Mathematical communication is also important within the family.
Mathematical communication is clear.
Mathematical communication is exemplary.
Mathematical communication is somewhat limited.
Mathematical communication is vague.
Mathematical competence is a workplace necessity.
Mathematical competence opens doors to productive futures.
Mathematical competency is required in the nursing program.
Some mathematical computations produce incorrect results.
Mathematical concepts are important in chemistry.
Mathematical concepts are introduces by showing children how math is used in everyday life.
Mathematical concepts are often difficult to understand.
Mathematical concepts discussed are the decay equation, equilibrium, and radiation dosimetry.
Mathematical concepts enrich computer science, statistics, economics, and the natural sciences.
Mathematical concepts express relations.
Mathematical concepts have a profound influence on the world outside of mathematics.
Mathematical concepts have to be developed, before the computer scientists can begin programming.
Mathematical concepts used to describe knots include polynomials, group theory, and topology.
Many mathematical concepts are abstract in nature, difficult for many students to grasp.
Mathematical content includes linear programming, polynomial functions, and curve fitting.
Mathematical content is kept to a minimum.
Mathematical content is progressive.
Mathematical content is transformed into mathematical thinking.
Mathematical convention is a great conservator of the past.
Mathematical courses provide the necessary skills to analyze and synthesize computer systems.
Mathematical creativity is encouraged.
Mathematical deduction is the investigation of possible crash scenarios within the model.
Mathematical definition is the key to uniform and accurate utilization of technical knowledge.
Mathematical definitions can never be in error.
Mathematical derivations are one form of deductive logic.
Mathematical description offers yet more different ways to represent information.
Mathematical descriptions require multi-variable functions.
Mathematical details remain transparent to the user, and no programming is required.
Many mathematical disciplines have their own version of groups with finiteness condition.
Mathematical discoveries continue to be made today.
Many mathematical discoveries evolve over time.
Mathematical equations are just like sentences.
Mathematical equations explain observations.
Mathematical equations provide quantitative predictive ability.
Mathematical equations represent reality.
Mathematical equations represent the physics along the drill holes.
Most mathematical equations explain observations.
Some mathematical equations describe motion.
Some mathematical equations describe properties.
Some mathematical equations represent plots.
Mathematical errors are minor.
Mathematical errors are rampant, too.
Mathematical errors can easily make their way to the hungry hands of a tax auditor.
Mathematical estimate is made regarding length of original flute.
Mathematical expressions apply within a limited, purified context.
Mathematical expressions are often simpler with evenly spaced x-values.
Mathematical expressions contain many special characters.
Mathematical filters can operate on data to extract information and to enhance images.
Mathematical formulas are few, clear and simple.
Mathematical formulas are precise, while our measurements are approximations.
Mathematical formulas find degree of attraction.
Mathematical formulae are to be written on a single line with sub and superscripts only.
Mathematical formulae can have there syntax checked.
Mathematical formulation contains only what is important in a problem.
Mathematical formulations are commonplace throughout the course.
A mathematical function is a relation
Mathematical functions allow additional data processing.
Mathematical functions are used to predict or estimate the value of the depenent variables .
Mathematical functions are used to predict or estimate the value of the depenent variables.
Many mathematical functions can produce fractals.
Mathematical gateways provide information on a myriad of mathematical topics.
Mathematical ideas are indispensable in an impressive number of disciplines.
Mathematical ideas resurface regularly, and technology is used appropriately.
Mathematical ideas resurface regularly.
Every mathematical idea has a history.
Mathematical induction is a powerful proof technique closely related to recursion.
Mathematical induction is employed in higher mathematics.
More mathematical information is available on the associated web page .
Mathematical intuition is an interesting case.
Mathematical items are indeed objective.
Mathematical jargon is minimized while practical application is stressed.
Some mathematical journals use the ' to donate a section.
Mathematical judgements are always synthetical.
All mathematical judgments are synthetic.
Mathematical justification are tedious, but can be made.
Mathematical knots are closed knots.
Mathematical knowledge continues to expand as never before.
Mathematical knowledge is destined to remain forever incomplete.
Mathematical knowledge is fallible.
Mathematical knowledge is the knowledge gained by reason from the construction of concepts.
Mathematical language can be difficult to understand for beginners.
Mathematical language is a very precise written language.
Mathematical language is clear and succinct.
Mathematical language needs to be used accurately.
Mathematical laws govern the universe.
Mathematical literacy is based on a re-examination of educational goals.
Mathematical logic furnishes clear answers to precisely defined questions.
Mathematical logic is a modern branch of mathematics.
Mathematical logic is no match for human custom, however, which greatly complicates matters.
Mathematical logic is system of logic
Mathematical logic is the basis of computer science and machine languages.
Mathematical logic is the use of symbols instead of words to write mathematical statements.
Mathematical logic provides a precise framework for mathematical assertions and deductive systems.
Mathematical logic says so.
Mathematical materials offer an exciting, concrete experience of number concepts and operations.
Mathematical materials retain their relevance for a long time.
Mathematical maturity is essential to successful mastery of several fundamental topics in computing.
Mathematical metaphors are what provide the links across different branches of mathematics.
Mathematical methods apply to engineer problems.
Mathematical methods apply to practical engineer problems.
Mathematical methods apply to practical problems.
Mathematical methods apply to problems.
Mathematical methods are integral to the study of electronics.
Mathematical methods extend to all endeavors that require analysis, reason, logic, and abstraction.
Mathematical methods provide the best techniques to order and comprehend nature.
Most mathematical methods apply to engineer problems.
Most mathematical methods apply to practical engineer problems.
Most mathematical methods apply to practical problems.
Most mathematical methods apply to problems.
Most mathematical methods are indeed approximative.
Mathematical model methods apply to engineer problems.
Mathematical model methods apply to practical engineer problems.
Mathematical model methods apply to practical problems.
Mathematical model methods apply to problems.
Mathematical model applies to the computer- guided trucks too.
Mathematical models are a rigorous way of posing questions.
Mathematical models are at their best when humans are trying as hard as they can.
Mathematical models are caricatures of systems made from mathematical equations.
Mathematical models are especially useful in making sense of complicated systems.
Mathematical models are helpful in determining the effect of process variables.
Mathematical models are key components of the safety assessment of waste disposal options.
Mathematical models are less burdened with emotional baggage, being pure and abstract.
Mathematical models are models.
Mathematical models are of great importance in the natural sciences, particularly in physics .
Mathematical models are open to criticism.
Mathematical models are ordinary or partial differential equations.
Mathematical models are used to provide evidence and to prove the validity of a solution.
Mathematical models are valuable tools in the study of trauma.
Mathematical models are very important for solving many problems.
Mathematical models can address specific predictions about modes of speciation.
Mathematical models can determine infiltration values for all air-leakage and weather combinations.
Mathematical models can include logical models .
Mathematical models can include logical models.
Mathematical models can serve several distinct purposes.
Mathematical models can supplement experimental work or occasionally replace it.
Mathematical models can take many forms .
Mathematical models can take many forms.
Mathematical models come in all shapes and sizes.
Mathematical models describe how signalling can contribute to an evolutionarily stable strategy .
Mathematical models exist for each of the subsystems previously described.
Mathematical models help elucidate the factors that influence such processes.
Mathematical models play an increasingly important role in economic science.
Mathematical models provide the basis for much of the theoretical evaluation of statistical tools.
Mathematical models rely on accurate experimental measurements of the soil moisture characteristic.
Mathematical models show that it requires millions of years for a gene to change significantly.
Mathematical morphology is a powerful tool used to find the region skeleton.
Mathematical morphology is a powerful, shaped-based method often used in image processing.
Mathematical morphology is well-suited to capturing geometric information.
Mathematical notation is designed for visual elegance.
Mathematical notation is notation
Mathematical notation is notation.
Mathematical notation is very expensive to reproduce.
Some mathematical notations use diagrams , or small drawings to show the underlying concepts .
Some mathematical notations use diagrams, or small drawings to show the underlying concepts.
Mathematical notes deal with mathematical and pedagogical issues that require special attention.
Mathematical notions have intuitive computational interpretations.
Mathematical objects are now available in a wide variety of colors and textures.
Any mathematical object is an acceptable value for a function.
A mathematical operation is a calculation
Mathematical operations are significantly faster with math coprocessors.
Mathematical operations require a specific syntax when input.
Many mathematical operations have an inverse, or opposite, operation.
Mathematical operators refers to the symbol used to indicate a mathematical function.
Mathematical outreach can extend to all sorts of audiences.
Mathematical papers are welcome.
Mathematical parts refer to geometrical ideas and mensuration.
Mathematical perfection meets artistic beauty.
Mathematical physics has much in common with mathematical ecology, for instance.
Mathematical physics is the rigorous mathematical study of structures which occur in physics.
Mathematical physics is the study of mathematical systems that stands for physical phenomena.
Mathematical physics is the study of nature using advanced mathematics.
Mathematical physics postgraduate school.
Mathematical preparation is also essential.
Mathematical problem solving is simply the use of mathematical concepts in new situations.
Mathematical problem solving is the centerpiece of an effective mathematics program.
Mathematical problems are either solvable with certitude, or they are undecidable.
Mathematical problems are no exception.
Mathematical problems involving percentages usually fall into one of three categories.
Mathematical procedures are clearly outlined, so PC users can write their own programs.
Mathematical proficiency is helpful.
Mathematical programmers continue to be in demand.
Mathematical projections contain no graticule.
Mathematical proof is emphasized.
Mathematical proof is fundamentally a matter of rigor .
Mathematical proof is proof
Mathematical proof is proof.
Mathematical proof means showing a conjecture holds for all possible cases.
Mathematical proofs are a good example of deductive argument.
Mathematical proofs are an integral part of the course.
Mathematical proofs are minimal.
Mathematical proofs are similar to prose essays for any subject.
Mathematical proofs require ingenuity and creativity and are lasting works of art.
Mathematical propositions express no thoughts.
Mathematical propositions say nothing about the real world.
Mathematical puzzles vary from the simple to deep problems which are still unsolved.
Mathematical quotations server .
Mathematical representation can compress the mesh.
Mathematical representation is particularly concerned with accurate and precise detail.
Mathematical research has a vital impact on all our lives.
Mathematical research is essentially open source.
More mathematical research is needed to further improve the algorithms for standard deviation.
Mathematical reviews is online at MathSciNet .
Mathematical rigor appears only to the extent necessary in explanation.
Mathematical rigour is of a high priority to the author and even the smallest claim is proved.
Mathematical science includes statistics, computer science, and traditional mathematics.
Mathematical science is introduced via mathematical physics and mathematical biology.
Mathematical science requires theories, molecular biology, facts.
Mathematical sciences is a living, vital subject with a long, distinguished tradition.
Some mathematical signals are false or anomalies, always verify something significant happened.
Mathematical skills are usually relatively well preserved.
Mathematical skills go beyond memorization and extend into a world of problem solving and reasoning.
A mathematical statement is a statement
Mathematical statements are usually about some object or set of objects.
Mathematical statistics is recommended for some other fields of engineering.
Mathematical structure is revealed from equilibrium models in discrete and continuous systems.
Mathematical structures appear in nature, music, art, and philosophy.
Mathematical study develops the mind s capacity for reasoned thought that crosses all subjects.
Mathematical stumpers designed for teams of school children to solve.
A mathematical symbol is a graphic symbol
Mathematical symbols serve as verbs.
Mathematical symmetries are the language of universal design and harmony.
Mathematical talent has a way of asserting itself even in circumstances which are unfavourable.
Mathematical talks are generally accessible to students who have completed calculus.
Mathematical techniques include analyses.
Mathematical techniques include dimensional analyses.
Mathematical theory is just another form of peacock feathers.
Mathematical theory is kept to a minimum.
Mathematical theory is minimized.
Mathematical theory predicts genotype frequencies from observed allele frequencies.
Mathematical theory shows that A 's expectation is infinite, which seems a paradoxical result.
Mathematical tools range from calculus to curve fitting to computer simulation.
Mathematical tools used include optimization techniques, game theory, and graph theory.
Mathematical topology assumes that geographic features occur on a two-dimensional plane.
Mathematical training is integrated with computer use in several courses.
Mathematical training is integrated with the computer use in several courses.
Mathematical training is necessary for many careers in computers.
Mathematical training is necessary for many careers in the computer industry.
Mathematical treatment comes after concept development.
Mathematical treatment is algebraic formulas and phasor diagrams.
Mathematical treatment is at the calculus level.
Mathematical treatment is trigonometric and calculus.
Mathematical truth is based on a mathematical language.
Mathematical truth is founded upon the ideas of logic and proof .
Mathematical truth is sometimes nothing more than a perfect coin toss.
Mathematical truth possesses absolute certainty.
All mathematical truths are relative, conditional .
All mathematical truths are relative, conditional.
Mathematical understanding is critical to success in an overwhelming number of career options.
Mathematical understanding is too important to be confined to the mathematics classroom.
Mathematical visualization is a burgeoning field.
Many mathematical words have different shades of meaning.
Mathematical work is divided into two broad categories theoretical and applied.
Mathematical writing is emphasized.
Mathematicas format is published but proprietary.
A mathematician is a scientist
Mathematician isa scientist.
Mathematicians apply theories.
Mathematicians are capable of study bibles.
Mathematicians are scientists.
Mathematicians are workers.
Mathematicians focus on problems.
Mathematicians have (part) arms.
Mathematicians have (part) body substances.
Mathematicians have (part) cell membranes.
Mathematicians have (part) cells.
Mathematicians have (part) corpi.
Mathematicians have (part) cytoplasm.
Mathematicians have (part) heads.
Mathematicians have (part) human bodies.
Mathematicians have (part) legs.
Mathematicians have (part) material bodies.
Mathematicians have (part) necks.
Mathematicians have (part) nuclei.
Mathematicians have (part) personality.
Mathematicians have (part) plasma membranes.
Mathematicians have (part) sections.
Mathematicians have (part) vacuoles.
Mathematicians pass stringent tests.
Mathematicians pass tests.
Mathematicians produce knowledge.
Mathematicians propose theories.
Mathematicians study abstract concepts.
Mathematicians study concepts.
Mathematicians use equations.
Mathematicians use knowledge.
Mathematicians work full time.
Mathematicians work on problems.
Mathematicians work time.
Mathematicians work with designers.
Mathematicians work with industrial designers.
All mathematicians are either pure or applied.
All mathematicians are logicians.
All mathematicians are paranoid schizophrenics.
All mathematicians are philosophers.
All mathematicians attending the host meetings are welcome to attend the workshop, and many do.
All mathematicians do problems quickly in their heads.
All mathematicians know that questions pile up much faster than nicely proved answers.
All mathematicians love music.
All mathematicians share one particular bad habit.
Every mathematician has only a few tricks.
Every mathematician is influenced, directly or indirectly, by every other mathematician.
Many mathematicians are math professors at universities.
Many mathematicians are Platonists.
Many mathematicians work in colleges and universities as teachers and in research and development.
Most mathematicians apply theories.
Most mathematicians are honest, hard working, and have no desire to take another's work.
Most mathematicians are Platonists on weekdays and formalists on Sundays.
Most mathematicians expect that only more independence results remain to be proved.
Most mathematicians extend the second bullet to include infinite sums.
Most mathematicians focus on problems.
Most mathematicians pass stringent tests.
Most mathematicians pass tests.
Most mathematicians produce knowledge.
Most mathematicians propose theories.
Most mathematicians study abstract concepts.
Most mathematicians study concepts.
Most mathematicians study knots just because they enjoy it.
Most mathematicians study the subject because they develop such a deep love of the topic.
Most mathematicians tend to work alone on individual projects, which can also be very rewarding.
Most mathematicians use equations.
Most mathematicians use knowledge.
Most mathematicians work full time.
Most mathematicians work in teams in research and development labs.
Most mathematicians work on problems.
Most mathematicians work time.
Most mathematicians work with designers.
Most mathematicians work with industrial designers.
Some mathematicians also work for banks, insurance companies and public utilities.
Some mathematicians also work for banks, insurance companies, and public utilities.
Some mathematicians announce equations.
Some mathematicians are more focused on pure mathematics.
Some mathematicians are on the negative side while others are quite positive.
Some mathematicians are topologists.
Some mathematicians can be a little out of touch with reality.
Some mathematicians devote their careers to training and assisting young mathematicians and others.
Some mathematicians find jobs outside of universities.
Some mathematicians have their own consulting firms.
Some mathematicians have very poor social skills.
Some mathematicians have very serious religious beliefs and many others are complete atheists.
Some mathematicians involve in analyses.
Some mathematicians involve in financial analyses.
Some mathematicians make discoveries.
Some mathematicians propose forces.
Some mathematicians propose jet forces.
Some mathematicians watch streets.
Some mathematicians work for federal government.
Some mathematicians work for government.
Some mathematicians work with individuals.
Many mathematics journals are available here.
Mathematics majors are eligible for the teacher education program.
Mathematics majors are frequently double or joint majors.
Mathematics majors gain computer programming expertise through at least one computer science course.
Mathematics majors have many job opportunities .
Mathematics majors learn to think independently and to analyze and solve problems.
Mathematics majors provide assistance in organizing and implementing the competition.
Mathematics majors take course only as free elective.
Many mathematics majors go on to earn graduate degrees.
Some mathematics problems have many answers, some have none.
A mathematics teacher is a teacher
Mathematics teachers are always in short supply.
Mathematics teachers are in great demand in ALL aspects of learning.
Mathematics teachers are in very high demand around the world, but especially in California.
Mathematics teachers have a long history as lecturers.
Every mathematics teacher needs such a program to design activities, tests and examinations.
Some mathematics teachers support approaches.
Some mathematics teachers support traditional approaches.
Mathematics draws conclusions.
Mathematics governs predictions.
Mathematics has quantitative values.
Mathematics has values.
Mathematics includes electronics.
Mathematics isa science.
Mathematics predicts chances.
Mathematics refers to reality.
Mathline programs are currently available for elementary, middle-school, and algebra teachers.
Most maths books are deadly serious.
A matinee is performance
Matinee are a web design company based in the UK who are by far one of the best in their field.
Matinee is ideal for bedrooms, nurseries or wherever sunlight control is desired.
Matinee show in West End.
Matinee show with lunch.
Matinee shows also available.
Matinee shows available for group bookings.
Matinees are almost always cheaper than the later showings.
Matinees are also available.
Matinees are free for children.
Matinees are often the least expensive theater movies.
Matinees are theatrical performance.
Matinees run most days.
Matinees sell out quickly with weekend evening shows a close second.
Mating behavior includes the 'ecstatic display' where the pairs swing their heads from side to side.
Mating behavior is begun by the female, with a series of slow and hesitant approaches to the male.
Mating behavior is essential for any bisexual animal species to exist.
Mating behavior is perhaps the most obvious example.
Mating behavior is very similar in all cats.
Mating calls are common forms of communication between the sexes.
Mating system is cooperative.
Mating system is monogamous, occasionally polygynous.
Mating system is monogamous.
Mating system is polygynous.
Mating systems affect greatly the degree of allele persistence, especially in small populations.
Mating systems are highly fluid evolutionary entities.
Mating type is determined by genes present at the mating type locus.
Mating type is determined by the presence of proteins on the surface of the cilia.
Mating types are of essential importance for sexual selection.
A matriarch is a woman
Matriarchs are back.
Matriarchs are in.
Matriarchs are women.
Many matriarchs serve as the prayer warriors of the family even today.
A matriarchy is a social system
Matriarchies are social organizations.
Matriarchy is a system that's entirely devoted to improving relationships with everything.
Matriarchy is rare in the animal kingdom as a whole but common among lemurs.
Matriarchy is the important familial construction here.
Matriarchy refers to a set of sisters and their children in which the senior female rules.
Matric candidates are to be compensated for serious typographical errors on question papers.
Matric forces are due to the tendency of water to adhere to the walls of containers.
Matric potential includes osmotic, adhesive, and capillary pressure.
Matric potential is analogous to the effort required to draw fluid through a straw.
Matric potential is another term for pressure potential or pressure head.
Matric potential is important in terms of modifications of plant-water relations and infiltration.
Matriculated students can qualify for financial aid.
Matriculated students come from a variety of undergraduate degree programs.
Matriculated students have first priority for registration for all courses.
Matriculated students have the option of a daytime or evening course of study.
Matriculated students receive a copy, included in their new student matriculation fee.
Matriculated students register on a priority basis.
All matriculated students complete a signed program schedule.
All matriculated students register in advance for spring and fall semesters.
Matriculation examination is abolished, as are apprentices.
Matriculation depends on the trainer's performance reviews and daily verbal quizzes.
Matriculation goes on every day in every classroom and in every office across campus.
Matriculation includes placement testing in English, college reading, and mathematics.
Matriculation is a partnership between the student and the community college.
Matriculation is a process designed to promote student success.
Matriculation is admission
Matriculation is admission.
Matriculation is also critical if certain requirements are delayed in implementation.
Matriculation is an event in which a speech is made about the upcoming school year.
Matriculation is at the beginning of the fall semester of each academic year.
Matriculation is available any term.
Matriculation is defined as formal admission and enrollment of one credit or more at the university.
Matriculation is described below.
Matriculation is encouragement and support but also high standards and accomplishment.
Matriculation is provided to improve student success.
Matriculation is required before a student can attend full-time or receive a certificate or degree.
Matriculation is required for graduation.
Matriculation is required for students receiving financial aid and veterans benefits.
Matriculation is required to earn further credits.
Matriculation is required.
Matriculation is the pre-requisite for admission.
Matriculation is the ultimate academic and professional matter in an institution of higher learning.
Matriculation literally means to be officially enrolled.
Matriculation requires completing an application form, and paying application fee.
Matriculation requires that all new students test in basic skills.
A matrilineage is kinship
Matrilineages usually consist of a number of related nuclear families descended from the same woman.
Matrilineal descent is a form of sex discrimination.
Matrimonial fidelity is, frankly, non-existent here.
A matrimony vine is a bush
Matrimony vine is the check species.
Matrimony vine provides an example of a gully control use-group plant.
Matrimony celebrates the union of a man and woman where the community is a witness to their vows.
Matrimony helps men even as it thickens their waistlines.
Matrimony is marital status
Matrix algebra is algebra
Matrix algebra is algebra.
Matrix algebra is discussed to provide the mathematical foundation.
Matrix algebra is introduced and used where appropriate.
Matrix algebra is the basis for analyzing situations in which there is more than one unknown.
Matrix codes are uniformly sized data cells placed on a square field.
Matrix codes can be more densely packed with data than stacked codes.
Matrix computations are highly parallelizable and can lead to real time applications.
Matrix computations are the primary component of many scientific computations.
Matrix effects are minimal.
Matrix elements can be real or complex and numeric or symbolic.
Matrix factorizations are part of the language, and top-quality software is used everywhere.
Matrix games have at least one potential limitation, but it is easily overcome.
A matrix inversion is a matrix operation
Matrix inversion is an expensive operation.
Matrix inversion is performed by solving the system .
Matrix inversion is similar.
Matrix inversion is simply the special case where is an unit matrix.
Matrix inversion is used extensively in computer graphics.
Matrix inversions are matrix operations.
Matrix material surrounds cellular structures.
Matrix models are easy to iterate in time.
Matrix multiplication can be a great tool in vectorizing things.
Matrix multiplication can get tiresome.
Matrix multiplication is a matrix operation
Matrix multiplication is associative.
Matrix multiplication is basic operation that can describe function of the brain.
Matrix multiplication is defined as usual, and matrix division is undefined.
Matrix multiplication is distributive over addition.
Matrix multiplication is matrix operations.
Matrix multiplication is non-commutative , in general.
Matrix multiplication is performed in a very unusual way.
Matrix multiplication is trivial.
Matrix multiplication is unusual.
A matrix operation is an operation
Matrix operations are familiar.
Matrix operations require that the operands satisfy the properties of a field.
All matrix operations have the same effect on the color matrix as they do on the other matrices.
Matrix organizations are common, since Swedish employees often report to more than one manager.
Matrix proteins play roles.
Most matrix proteins play roles.
Some matrix protein is shown travelling to the nucleus .
Some matrix protein travels to the nucleus and some collects beneath the cell membrane.
Matrix signs use arrays of small light sources, usually LEDs, to form the lettering.
Matrix structures are here to stay in one form of the organisation or the other.
Matrix theory is recommended.
Matrix transformation is complete for the average case.
Matrix transposes keep getting in the way.
A matrix is an array
Matrices actually require two elements, matrix and matrixrow .
Matrices Add a set of matrix operations.
Matrices also form an algebra.
Matrices are a special type of an array.
Matrices are a tool used in many diverse fields to describe problems and formulate solutions.
Matrices are also to represent, and solve, systems of linear equations.
Matrices are also very common in computer science .
Matrices are also very common in computer science.
Matrices are basically tables of homogenous data - like a spreadsheet of numbers.
Matrices are basically tables of numbers.
Matrices are constructs of rows and columns.
Matrices are in bold uppercase letters.
Matrices are notation for transformations.
Matrices are often an efficient way to handle linear systems.
Matrices are operators too.
Matrices are part of linear algebra.
Matrices are special in the way that they multiply.
Matrices are useful for representing data and are very efficient for working with data.
Matrices are very interesting mathematically.
Matrices can be either horizontal or vertical.
Matrices can be elements of larger matrices.
Matrices can contain either real or complex numbers.
Matrices can solve real life problems.
Matrices can store data and solve problems with groups of numbers.
Matrices Click on the banner to return to the user guide home page.
Matrices come into play in a lot of math aspects.
Matrices correlate the activities to national science, mathematics, and technology standards.
Matrices have several interpretations in Macaulay .
Matrices have the type designation matrix .
Matrices Help .
Matrices Here are some examples of matrix calculations.
Matrices hold energy in form.
Matrices is a lesbian research newsletter.
Matrices measures nonverbal skills and ability to solve new problems.
Matrices represent the connections in fault-free and faulty networks.
Matrices Solve two equations in two unknowns graphically, by substitution or by elimination.
Matrices turn up as representing linear transformations for a fixed pair of bases.
Matrix allows different versions of sample notes to be kept.
Matrix attempts to unravel conspiracies, cover-ups, crime, corruption, media manipulation, and more.
Matrix bursts through the saloon doors, and the bar goes silent.
Matrix eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
Matrix grammars with a leftmost restriction.
Matrix hacks one of there heads off and they head towards the next level.
Matrix isa array.
Matrix measures how well a compiler propagates constants and hoists simple invariants.
Matrix paces impatiently as the surfer continues looking for the Web creature.
Matrixes allows for the aggregation of state or national data by selected topics.
Matrixes are the background ecosystems or land-use types in which patches and corridors are set.
Matrixs are arrays.
Matrixs are enclosures.
Matrixs are films.
Matrixs are mold.
Matrixs are part of bones.
Matrixs are part of cartilages.
Matrixs are part of connective tissue.
Matrixs are part of nails.
Matrixs are rocks.
Matrixs are television shows.
All matrices are row major with zero as the index of the first element of any row or column.
All matrices have the same order.
Every matrix explains the bowling ball layout and surface for each position in the matrix.
Every matrix has a singular value decomposition.
Every matrix is row equivalent to one and only one matrix in reduced row echelon form .
Most matrices show strikingly regular patterns.
Matrixed quad renders the two back channels useless except for environmental overtones.
A matron is a wife
Matrons mimic the locker-room banter of athletes.
Matsonic company profile all products product est.
A matt is dullness
Matt answers about knowing provenance of rocks, etc.
Matt arrives last so obviously gets the crap bed.
Matt back drops Credible.
Matt backs away.
Matt begins going to anouther school where they wear ties.
Matt begins reading obituaries and becomes proactively jealous of the young men who die.
Matt begins to fall forward racked in pain, awash in shock.
Matt catches a bluefish at the same location.
Matt checks out a gumboot chiton.
Matt drifts away from the computer.
Matt enters the cafeteria and everybody gets Quiet.
Matt fears many things.
Matt fires the dart at the heat signature.
Matt fits perfectly into our corporate culture of meticulous work and exceptional customer support.
Matt hails from Maryland and most recently Montana.
Matt hails from Norman, Oklahoma.
Matt hails from the North America.
Matt inserts the hypo into the vein and presses down on the plunger.
Matt isa property.
Matt jabs it into the vial, drawing up the colored liquid.
Matt knows how to win.
Matt lands a gut wrench suplex and covers for two.
Matt later shows up at the bowling alley.
Matt leaves the house.
Matt leaves to smoke.
Matt lifts beer kegs, runs uphill wind sprints, lifts weights, shadow grapples, spars, etc.
Matt lines a hit.
Matt listens for that patriotic call in the present yet hears nothing.
Matt lives for soccer and basketball.
Matt lives in Northern California.
Matt lives in Portland.
Matt lives on the Big Island of Hawaii and is an avid hunter.
Matt looks back from time to time.
Matt loves squirrels.
Matt loves team sports too, and plays in softball and basketball leagues through church.
Matt loves to compete and train and adds tremendous enthusiasm to the team.
Matt loves to interact with the fans.
Matt meets with the man from the gay organization.
Matt overreacts to and misinterprets the actions of the other kids.
Matt peers through the eyepiece of a microscope.
Matt picks up the phone.
Matt picks up the story.
Matt plays guitar and sings.
Matt plays hard.
Matt plays on a flag football league, a soccer team, and a baseball team.
Matt plays tennis and basketball and is a member of the cross country team.
Matt poses with one of the Levitical priests and the menorah.
Matt procedes up the street with the agents close behind.
Matt pulls a vial of orange liquid from the cyclotron.
Matt pulls out a microcassette recorder.
Matt pulls out a pair of walkie-talkies.
Matt returns home in less than two weeks to begin work on the album.
Matt rips it up.
Matt runs downstairs again to get more beer.
Matt rushes over, and beats viciously on the guy.
Matt rushes over.
Matt rushes the doors as they slide shut.
Matt rushes to the wall and turns off the lights.
Matt scrambles back into a corner.
Matt seeks to follow the advice that the artist is to make the familiar strange.
Matt sighs and shuffles out.
Matt slides the antigen cocktail into the centrifuge and starts it spinning.
Matt spins around and drops in, taking first wave honors.
Matt sprays the whole tunnel, putting down a gentle cloud mist.
Matt stalks away angrily.
Matt supervises the maintenance trades , who takes care of all operational needs.
Matt throws strikes.
Matt turns around.
Matt turns to blast with the extinguisher.
Matt works FAR TOO HARD to have time to cook.
Matt works for a construction company called Benchmark.
Matt works for a pharmaceutical company.
Matt works in Rochester, New York.
Matt works more from experience than qualifications.
Matts are nuts.
Matts are talls.
Matts have kids.
Mattawa campers are ready for an increased challenge with a focus on adventure and learning.
Matte color is chosen to enhance the image.
Matte finish is available at an additional charge.
Matte finish is available if requested.
Matte finish is available upon request.
Matte finish is basically just ordinary shoe leather while Patent is almost mirror-like.
Matte finish provides for no-glare viewing.
Matte finishes are more suitable for floor installations than others.
A matte is dullness
Matte finish stainless steel case with pressure fit back is near mint.
Mattes are mixture.
Mattes contain several bits per pixel and are defined in the track's coordinate system.
Mattes gives a brief description of each journal, and where it is archived.
Matted hair can cause skin irritation and is undesirable.
Matted hair can occur from burs, food, tar and other sticky substances.
Matted photos are complete with plastic shrink wrap, except for frame, glass, and hanging wire.
Matted photos are the same price for any amount.
Matted photographs are in standard sizes, and are ready to frame.
Matted print is a black outer mat with a olive green accent mat.
Matted print is a black outer mat with a wine accent mat.
Matted print is a black outer mat with light green accent mat.
Matted print is a dark blue outer mat with a light blue accent mat.
Matted print is a dark blue outer mat with a purple accent mat.
Matted print is a dusty rose outer mat with black accent mat.
Matted size is approximate.
A matter of fact is a fact
Matters of fact are beliefs that claim to report the nature of the existence of things.
All matters of fact are contingently true.
Matter particles are fermions.
Matter waves arise in quantum mechanical description of nature.
Matter waves provide an explanation for the arrangement of electrons in separate orbits.
Matter absorbs energy.
Matter absorbs light.
Matter absorbs radiant energy.
Matter absorbs sound, and that includes people.
Matter accelerates development.
Matter accreting onto a black hole can reach relativistic speeds.
Matter admits of indefinite varieties in organization.
Matter attracts matter, never repels.
Matter begets matter, stories, stories, curiosity, curiosities.
Matter begins as a compressed zone and anti-matter begins as a rareified zone.
Matter begins to clump with the aid of large amounts of exotic or dark matter.
Matter behaves differently in a microgravity environment.
Matter bends space-time with the effect of gravity.
Matter causes gravity.
Matter changes but never disappears.
Matter changes form and extent in space.
Matter changes state when the molecules change speeds and the bonds are weakened or strengthened.
Matter comes in five phases, or states.
Matter comes in four different forms, called states.
Matter comes into existence.
Matter consists of atoms held together by electromagnetic forces.
Matter consists of atoms.
Matter consists of atoms.
Matter consists of compounds.
Matter consists of elementary indivisible particles and their aggregates.
Matter consists of elements.
Matter consists of other elements.
Matter consists of particles.
Matter consists of small particles called atoms.
Matter consists of small particles.
Matter consists of solids, gas, and liquid.
Matter consists of the combination of the four elements of solidity, fluidity, motion and heat.
Matter consists of tiny particles.
Matter contains energy.
Matter contains heat energy.
Matter contains particles.
Matter contains substances.
Matter contains thermal energy.
Matter escapes gaping jaws of black hole by traveling in jets.
Matter exhibits magnetic properties.
Matter exhibits properties.
Matter exists as either a liquid, solid, gas, or plasma.
Matter exists as either pure elements or combinations of elements known as chemical compounds.
Matter exists because of mind just creates it.
Matter exists in a plasma state in stars and the regions between stars.
Matter exists in a solid, liquid or gas state and can change forms.
Matter exists in gaseous states.
Matter exists in motion.
Matter exists in one of three physical states - solid , liquid or gas .
Matter exists in several states.
Matter exists in states.
Matter exists in three forms, solid, fluid and plasma.
Matter exists in three states solids, liquids, and gases.
Matter exists in various states and has identifiable properties.
Matter exists on earth as a solid, liquid or gas.
Matter flows through it assuming different forms as required.
Matter forms itself into living creatures.
Matter fuses with other matter forming different particles and atoms.
Matter has appearances.
Matter has characteristics.
Matter has chemical energy.
Matter has chemical properties.
Matter has chemicals.
Matter has definite chemicals.
Matter has definite shapes.
Matter has density.
Matter has energy.
Matter has fundamental properties.
Matter has gravity.
Matter has heat energy.
Matter has heat.
Matter has impact.
Matter has inertia.
Matter has kinetic energy.
Matter has many other properties.
Matter has mass.
Matter has measurable energy.
Matter has measurable physical properties.
Matter has measurable properties.
Matter has other unusual properties.
Matter has physical properties.
Matter has properties.
Matter has quality.
Matter has real impact.
Matter has shapes.
Matter has types.
Matter has unusual properties.
Matter interacts with energy.
Matter interacts with light in various ways, by absorbing it, scattering it, and slowing it down.
Matter is always magical in cartoons.
Matter is books.
Matter is concern
Matter is concern.
Matter is consequences.
Matter is energy.
Matter Is Life.
Matter is liquids.
Matter is located in universes.
Matter is made of elements.
Matter is made of molecules.
Matter is made of particles.
Matter is produced by mussels.
Matter is solids, liquids and gases.
Matter is solids.
Matter is trouble.
Matter is writing.
Matter isa entity.
Matter matters less and less.
Matter matters materially and it matters spiritually.
Matter moves along curved paths due to the curvature of spacetime.
Matter moves along the faults from the equator to higher latitudes, forming mountains .
Matter moves along the faults from the equator to higher latitudes, forming mountains.
Matter moves along timelike curves.
Matter moves ballistically in the relativistic field of the black hole.
Matter moves from hot region to cold density gradient.
Matter moves through the biosphere differently than the way in which energy moves.
Matter occupies space and has mass.
Matter occupies space, therefore space is one of the four elementary concepts of mechanics.
Matter occupies space.
Matter offers only nightmare.
Matter passes through intestines.
Matter passes through small intestines.
Matter prefers to be electrically neutral.
Matter produces gravity.
Matter protrudes into time.
Matter protrudes into tyme.
Matter provides vitamins.
Matter radiates a range electromagnetic energy.
Matter reflects light.
Matter resonates harmoniously, positively.
Matter retains chemical properties.
Matter retains properties.
Matter rotes .
Matter takes care of nourishment and energy acts as a protector.
Matter takes up space and has a certain size.
Matter takes up space and has mass.
Matter takes up space Particles of matter have size and take up space.
Matter tells gravity how to exert force.
Matter tells space how to curve.
Matter tells space-time how to curve.
Matter tends to fall together under gravity so it was impossible to have a static universe.
Matter twitches with unpredictable palpitations.
Matter undergoes a phase transition when it changes from one phase to another.
Matter undergoes certain changes as a result of the application of energy.
Matter vibrates at a slower resonance.
Matter vibrates in a slow, dense manner.
Matters appear to be going as badly as possible.
Matters are a little different for the web.
Matters are a little more humane now.
Matters are best when handled through direct, assertive, professional means.
Matters are dealt with confidential manner and due process of law is preserved.
Matters are even worse in the academic world.
Matters are even worse than that, however.
Matters are far from settled, however.
Matters are further complicated because the players feel an emotional bond to the game.
Matters are further complicated by the added features some browsers offer.
Matters are in no better shape with the rest of early Christian literature.
Matters are more complicated abroad.
Matters are more complicated when the disclaimer is of a future interest.
Matters are more serious when voluntary euthanasia is a practical issue for non-vegetative patients.
Matters are much more careful and balanced here, a bit as in old Soviet movies.
Matters are of a general nature.
Matters are once again - in a state of flux.
Matters are quite otherwise today.
Matters are rather different with joint goods, such as ideas.
Matters are rather more complex.
Matters are the same here in Korea.
Matters are worse still for children who lack health insurance.
Matters are worse when it comes to sexual content.
Matters Arising - the facts presented in the programme raise a few questions.
Matters become colorfully dramatic.
Matters become more complex when a surrogate mother is involved.
Matters become more complex when two or more different species interact in an ecosystem.
Matters become worse if families cease to exist or are transformed into pseudo-families.
Matters can appear very complicated.
Matters can become worse rather than better.
Matters can change very fast.
Matters can get complicated pretty quickly.
Matters can get even worse if the complaint moves on to the superintendent or to the school board.
Matters can go wrong, dreadfully wrong.
Matters can only be worse in the event that a child is actually removed from the home.
Matters can, and do, change over time.
Matters concerned with the workplace are for the workers alone to decide on.
Matters concerning identity and background are much more important to former child migrants.
Matters discussed by the committee are confidential.
Matters do arise, however, in every part of the country.
Matters do get better on the big screen.
Matters feel more confusing and unclear.
Matters get even more complicated with other kinds of joint tenancy property.
Matters get even worse in the postcon- viction review process.
Matters get much more complicated when an offended person fails to communicate clearly.
Matters go from bad to worse when a hotel security guard arrives to answer a noise complaint.
Matters go from bad to worse.
Matters grow weirder when the shoot moves to the gloomy Czech countryside.
Matters happen fast here, as they often do in movies.
Matters heat up.
Matters here are severely complicated on account of the strong religious prejudices.
Matters involving child custody are subject to the provisions of custody mediation .
Matters involving parenting issues take longer, usually six to twelve sessions.
Matters is TV that matters.
Matters litigated in court often find a second courtroom in the press.
Matters Look at a contact and see every matter to which that person is related.
Matters only escalate.
Matters pertaining to finance are present in everyday life.
Matters pertaining to the environment almost never favor anything in the short term.
Matters Provides in-depth reviews of selected children's books.
Matters raised here can influence the activities of the day, a topic for writing, etc.
Matters related to ordination are secondary and subject to evolution and change.
Matters relating to subsistence are perhaps the most easy to approach using non-linear methods.
Matters remain difficult.
Matters remain much clearer with the old traditional usage.
Matters remain unaltered as far as the officers and soldiers are concerned.
Matters requiring attention are color-coded.
Matters run the gamut in size and geography.
Matters seem likely to get worse for Chinese communists hoping to dupe American investors.
Matters stand differently now.
Matters stand similarly with the economic dogmas underlying the economic policy of today.
Matters stand thus at present.
Matters standing thus, the question is altogether one of opinion.
Matters submitted under seal obviously have to be opened and viewed by the trial judge.
Matters then proceed to the next stage.
Matters thus progress but somewhat slowly.
Matters turn more grisly when a hematologist is found clubbed to death.
Matters worsen, to their way of thinking, when the stepmother hires a bodyguard.
Matter always rushes in to fill a vacuum.
All matter absorbs and emits electromagnetic radiation in discrete small quantities called photons.
All matter absorbs and emmits radiation covering a broad band of frequencies and wavelengths .
All matter attracts other matter.
All matter can exist as a solid, a liquid, or a gas.
All matter can move from one state to another.
All matter comes in one of three forms-solid, liquid, gas.
All matter consists of atoms.
All matter consists of elements or combinations of elements.
All matter consists of molecules.
All matter consists of tiny particles.
All matter consists of trillions of trillions of tiny molecules, none of which are entirely still.
All matter contains charged particles called electrons.
All matter contains heat energy.
All matter discriminates up from down.
All matter emits energy at thermal infrared wavelengths.
All matter emits vibrations.
All matter exhibits magnetic properties to some degree.
All matter exhibits mind in different aspects and degrees.
All matter exhibits properties.
All matter exists as interference patterns in the Inertial radiant frequencies of space.
All matter exists in space and moves through time.
All matter exists in three dimensional space, both internal and external.
All matter expands and contracts.
All matter has a definite structure which determines physical and chemical properties.
All matter has a temperature associated with it.
All matter has both physical and chemical properties.
All matter has consciousness.
All matter has mass and all masses are attracted to other masses by the force of gravity.
All matter has mass and takes up space, including air.
All matter has mass and volume.
All matter has mass.
All matter has molecules that move.
All matter has qualities about it that describe it scientifically.
All matter has spirit.
All matter has the potential to express ideas.
All matter has volume and mass.
All matter has weight due to the earth's gravity .
All matter increases in volume when there is an increase in temperature.
All matter is a temporary organization of energy.
All matter is based on sound, so through sound it can be manipulated.
All matter is brilliantly alive, ready to take on an infinity of new forms.
All matter is composed of atoms.
All matter is composed of chemical elements.
All matter is composed of elements and all elements are composed of atoms.
All matter is composed of elements, and all elements are composed of atoms.
All matter is composed of elements.
All matter is composed of energy.
All matter is composed of extremely small particles called atoms.
All matter is composed of indivisible atoms.
All matter is composed of molecules .
All matter is composed of molecules, and atoms.
All matter is composed of such substances.
All matter is composed of ultimately small particles, called atoms.
All matter is composed of units called fundamental particles.
All matter is composed of very small particles called atoms .
All matter is comprised of atoms .
All matter is comprised of protons and electrons.
All matter is comprised of quarks and leptons.
All matter is conscious.
All matter is considered to be composed of unit substances known as chemical elements .
All matter is constant.
All matter is energy.
All matter is formed of atoms of one or more types.
All matter is formed of atoms.
All matter is frozen fire.
All matter is in a state of either creation, preservation or destruction.
All matter is in black holes, neutron stars, white dwarfs, brown dwarfs, and planets.
All matter is in fact a wave .
All matter is just a mass of stable light.
All matter is made from molecules that move because they have thermal energy .
All matter is made from particles of atoms or molecules.
All matter is made of atoms .
All matter is made of atoms of elements, which have specific characteristics.
All matter is made of atoms, and all atoms have electrons.
All matter is made of atoms, which are themselves mostly empty space.
All matter is made of atoms.
All matter is made of elements or compounds, and is found in the form of solids, liquids or gases.
All matter is made of incredibly tiny particles called atoms.
All matter is made of indivisible particles called atoms .
All matter is made of molecules.
All matter is made of one or more elements.
All matter is made of small particles called molecules.
All matter is made of tiny indivisible particles called atoms.
All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms, molecules and ions.
All matter is made of tiny particles that are constantly moving.
All matter is made out of many tiny particles called atoms .
All matter is made up of a combination of elements.
All matter is made up of atoms - electrons, neutrons, and protons.
All matter is made up of atoms .
All matter is made up of atoms and molecules in varying densities.
All matter is made up of atoms and molecules.
All matter is made up of atoms in constant motion.
All matter is made up of atoms of the elements found in the earth s crust.
All matter is made up of atoms that are most commonly arranged in clusters called molecules.
All matter is made up of atoms that follow predetermined laws.
All matter is made up of atoms, and atoms are made up of smaller particles.
All matter is made up of atoms, which are far too small to see directly through a microscope.
All matter is made up of atoms, which are themselves made up of charged particles.
All matter is made up of atoms.
All matter is made up of chemical elements, each of which is composed of atoms.
All matter is made up of chemical elements, each of which is made up of particles called atoms.
All matter is made up of collections of tiny subatomic particles, protons, electrons, etc.
All matter is made up of indivisible and indestructible particles called atoms.
All matter is made up of molecules.
All matter is made up of positive charges and negative charges.
All matter is made up of small particles called atoms.
All matter is made up of smaller and smaller bits.
All matter is made up of smaller units called atoms or molecules.
All matter is made up of tiny particles.
All matter is made up of very tiny units called atoms.
All matter is magnetic.
All matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration.
All matter is mind.
All matter is our cousins.
All matter is recycled through the community .
All matter is related so man is related to earth and earth related to man.
All matter is related.
All matter is solid at absolute zero.
All matter is strings.
All matter is subject to decay.
All matter is the same because all matter is made up of atoms.
All matter is the same.
All matter needs space in other words, a place to be in.
All matter produces radiation.
All matter seeks disorder, order is the unusual state in our universe.
All matter shares certain fundamental properties.
All matter shares the same energy therefore all of reality forms a web of relationships.
All matter takes part in the eternal cosmic dance.
All matter tends toward more disorganized states.
All matter then takes up space.
All matters are confidential and all appraisals are done with the highest quality.
All matters are confidential.
All matters discussed are completely confidential.
All matters discussed are strictly confidential.
All matters discussed are to be held in strict confidence.
All matters discussed between a client and attorney are confidential.
All matters discussed between a client and lawyer are confidential.
All matters discussed here are of course confidential.
All matters discussed in counseling sessions are confidential.
All matters discussed with the study coordinator remain confidential.
All matters forming mixture keep their original properties.
All matters involving economic reconstruction are appropriate.
All matters involving sexual harassment complaints remain confidential.
All matters regarding health require medical supervision.
All matters regarding our health require medical supervision.
All matters relating to admission are the responsibility of the applicant.
All matters relating to test results and the drivers involved are highly confidential.
All matters requiring voting are to be presented to the entire voting membership.
Any matter contained in the space provides contributions to the elements of the tensor.
Any matters concerning traffic regulations, however, are outside the scope of the Directive.
Any matters discussed with a financial planner are completely confidential.
Every matter is different depending upon particular facts and applicable legal exceptions.
Every matter is different.
Every matter is handled on an individual basis.
Most matter absorbs energy.
Most matter absorbs light.
Most matter absorbs radiant energy.
Most matter accelerates development.
Most matter comes into existence.
Most matter consists of an agglomeration of molecules, which can be separated relatively easily.
Most matter consists of atoms.
Most matter consists of compounds.
Most matter consists of elements.
Most matter consists of gases and plasma.
Most matter consists of other elements.
Most matter consists of particles.
Most matter consists of small particles.
Most matter consists of tiny particles.
Most matter contains energy.
Most matter contains heat energy.
Most matter contains particles.
Most matter contains substances.
Most matter contains thermal energy.
Most matter exhibits magnetic properties.
Most matter exists in gaseous states.
Most matter exists in several states.
Most matter exists in states.
Most matter expands when heated.
Most matter has appearances.
Most matter has characteristics.
Most matter has chemical energy.
Most matter has chemical properties.
Most matter has chemicals.
Most matter has definite chemicals.
Most matter has definite shapes.
Most matter has density.
Most matter has energy.
Most matter has fundamental properties.
Most matter has gravity.
Most matter has heat energy.
Most matter has heat.
Most matter has impact.
Most matter has kinetic energy.
Most matter has many other properties.
Most matter has mass.
Most matter has measurable energy.
Most matter has measurable physical properties.
Most matter has measurable properties.
Most matter has other unusual properties.
Most matter has physical properties.
Most matter has properties.
Most matter has quality.
Most matter has real impact.
Most matter has shapes.
Most matter has types.
Most matter has unusual properties.
Most matter is made of a single type of atom.
Most matter is produced by mussels.
Most matter is solid at very low temperatures.
Most matter passes through intestines.
Most matter passes through small intestines.
Most matter provides vitamins.
Most matter reflects light.
Most matter retains chemical properties.
Most matter retains properties.
Most matters are leanly staffed, with only one principal and one or two associates.
Some matter absorbs oxygen.
Some matter absorbs radiation.
Some matter affects operations.
Some matter affects science.
Some matter attracts insects.
Some matter becomes food.
Some matter becomes fossil fuel.
Some matter becomes fuel.
Some matter becomes liquids.
Some matter can change from one state to another when the temperature changes.
Some matter can change states.
Some matter carries charge.
Some matter carries negative charge.
Some matter causes digestive problems.
Some matter causes infection.
Some matter causes problems.
Some matter comes from detrituses.
Some matter consists of nuclei.
Some matter contains adhesive.
Some matter contains cellulose.
Some matter contains cysts.
Some matter contains dead organisms.
Some matter contains organisms.
Some matter creates problems.
Some matter derives from plants.
Some matter enters black holes.
Some matter enters holes.
Some matter exists as liquids.
Some matter has definition.
Some matter has little mass, like a small toy car that moves easily with a soft touch.
Some matter has techniques.
Some matter interferes with penetrations.
Some matter is either smaller or larger than an atom.
Some matter is lost during nuclear fusion.
Some matter is produced by algas.
Some matter is produced by decomposition.
Some matter is produced by diatoms.
Some matter is produced by plants.
Some matter is solid and can be seen and picked up, but invisible gases and liquids are matter too.
Some matter makes up diets.
Some matter moves through canals.
Some matter prevents diseases.
Some matter prevents fungal diseases.
Some matter prevents fungal root diseases.
Some matter prevents root diseases.
Some matter provides food.
Some matter provides nutrients.
Some matter supports growth.
Some matter supports microbial growth.
Some matter transmited by blood can also cause blushing.
Some matters are by their nature very complicated.
Some matters are disputable.
Some matters are so important that a member is permitted to interrupt another member.
Some matters are subject to laws of both state and federal governments.
Some matters remain under investigation, true.
Matting are covering.
Matting are located in carpets.
A mattock is an edge tool
Mattock are dead.
Most mattress makers have a variety of bonnell units in their lines.
A mattress pad is a pad
Mattress pads provide two important things- comfort and protection.
All mattress pads are machine washable and dryable, except for heating, foam, and some wool pads.
Mattress sizes differ because people are different sizes and have different sleeping requirements.
Mattress sizes range from single to king.
A mattress is a pad
Mattress covers are available and manufactured to meet the most stringent hospital or home needs.
Mattress covers are optional.
Mattress covers help.
Mattress fits snugly.
Mattress isa artifact.
Mattresses are a standard twin.
Mattresses are also an area where a great deal of confusion exists.
Mattresses are also available in all sizes.
Mattresses are available for sleeping.
Mattresses are available in all standard sizes.
Mattresses are available in polyester foam, polyurethane foam, treated cotton, and innerspring.
Mattresses are available.
Mattresses are firm and pillows squishy.
Mattresses are great quality, and top mattress has only been used a couple of times.
Mattresses are located in beds.
Mattresses are located in houses.
Mattresses are new and firm and linens are of the highest quality.
Mattresses are on the floor.
Mattresses are pads.
Mattresses are part of beds.
Mattresses are the most important source of housedust mite allergens.
Mattresses are well known to retain and support dust mites.
Mattresses can either assist treatment of mechanical pain, or seriously hinder recovery.
Mattresses can sell from one hundred dollars up to the thousands.
Mattresses come in single, full, queen and king size, or can be made to order.
Mattresses cover the floor and drying laundry hangs from clotheslines strung across the room.
Mattresses have (part) sections.
Mattresses line the edges of the room, and in the center, several mattresses are joined together.
Mattresses line the free stalls for maximum comfort.
Mattresses line the hall floor and walls.
Mattresses pose a significant fire and smoke hazard in detention facilities.
Mattresses pose a significant fire and smoke hazard in locked detention facilities.
Mattresses Reconditioning an innerspring mattress at home is nearly impossible.
Mattresses vary in size more than enough to cause big problems for the woodworker.
Mattresses wear out at different rates.
All mattresses are of the highest quality.
All mattresses are twin size, regular lengths.
All mattresses are twin, extra long.
All mattresses have a polyester wrap for added fullness and longevity, and come in a cream color.
Every mattress needs to be supported, of course.
Many mattresses still use helical wire to attach coils.
Most mattresses are twin extra-long.
Most mattresses can only respond to downward pressure.
Some mattresses are part of bedrooms.
Some mattresses are part of beds.
Some mattresses are part of bunk.
Some mattresses are part of cots.
Some mattresses are part of hammocks.
Some mattresses are part of nurseries.
Some mattresses are surrounded by books.
Some mattresses come with built-in hardware for conversion.
Some mattresses even offer variable firmness on each side to make both partners happy.
Maturation affects boys.
Maturation comes when the spectrum of awareness broadens, becoming more inclusive.
Maturation concerns the unfolding of biological potential in a set, irreversible sequence.
Maturation depends on conditions.
Maturation depends on environmental conditions.
Maturation depends on our crossing an impossible threshold.
Maturation has both elements of dependence and independence.
Maturation involves growth.
Maturation is a behavioral change resulting from a growth process.
Maturation is a biological process
Maturation is a tough passage for people, companies and even entire industries.
Maturation is at three years, females later than males.
Maturation is enhanced by stress, and by treatment of the mother prentally with dexamethasone.
Maturation is evident everywhere.
Maturation is necessary as parents learn and develop a new balance in their relationship.
Maturation is orderly in both cell lines.
Maturation is the final step in the process and is required for the virus to become infectious.
Maturation isa process.
Maturation means to become mature.
Maturation occurs during puberty.
Maturation occurs rapidly, and pups are weaned from their mother's milk in four to five weeks.
Maturation probably occurs in the gonad.
Maturation proceeds differently for naked, enveloped, and complex viruses.
Maturation refers to physical growth and development of the body - especially the nervous system.
Maturation requires food.
Maturation seems to occur in part via a progressive loss of hypothalamic sensitivity from infancy.
Maturation sets the basic course of development and experience adjusts it.
Maturation takes time.
Maturation then takes place.
Maturation often creates a condition of readiness for learning.
Maturation usually involves structural changes in the virus particle.
All maturation occurs in the oak cask or holding tank.
Most maturation affects boys.
Most maturation depends on conditions.
Most maturation depends on environmental conditions.
Most maturation involves growth.
Most maturation occurs during puberty.
Most maturation requires food.
Some maturation involves division.
Some maturation leads to interaction.
Some maturation occurs during stages.
Some maturation occurs in few months.
Some maturation occurs in months.
Some maturation occurs in pulmonary vessels.
Some maturation occurs in vessels.
Some maturation promotes factors.
Some maturation requires vitamins.
Mature achenes form aggregates.
Mature adult bandedwinged whiteflies have zig-zag bands across the front pair of wings.
Mature adults are generally dark, with lighter tan or grey areas.
Mature adults are gray or dark brown, while younger adults have large black spots.
Mature adults are mostly all black or have rusty colored wing covers.
Mature adults are only about half of a millimeter in diameter.
Mature adults are uncommon in coastal waters.
Mature adults are vitally important to our church.
Mature adults are where the money is.
Mature adults become brown or purplish-brown.
Mature adults can influence their bone strength with exercise.
Mature adults feel it.
Mature adults have a lifetime of experience, enthusiasm, and talents to share with others.
Mature adults have a lifetime of experience, wisdom and talents to share with others.
Mature adults have a pair of ear-like fins .
Mature adults have a pair of ear-like fins.
Mature adults have a pair of small fins projecting from sides of body furthest from eyes.
Mature adults have a pair of small fins projecting from the lateral sides of the mantle .
Mature adults leave the bays, collect in large schools, and migrate offshore to mate.
Mature adults live up to years.
Mature adults migrate into swampy or marshy backwater areas to spread their adhesive eggs.
Mature adults move close to the passes and inlets well in advance of their breeding activity.
Mature adults possess features.
Mature adults seek out special seniors-only communities and social centers to complete the circle.
Mature adults try to minimize the risks in life.
Mature adults turn reddish black in color and males have a prominent hooked jaw.
Many mature adults experience some form of vision loss.
Most mature adults live up to years.
Most mature adults possess features.
Some mature adults attain length.
Some mature adults contain information.
Some mature adults enter rivers.
Some mature adults retain patterns.
Mature alligators are coal black when wet, dark grey when dry.
Mature animals attach to substrates for lengths of time varying between seconds and minutes.
Mature animals breed once a year in early spring.
Mature animals have enemies.
Mature animals make impressive trophies.
Mature animals require less protein on the basis of percentage of the feed offered than young ones.
Most mature animals have enemies.
Most mature aphids are about an eighth of an inch long and are yellow or light green.
Mature apples are firm, crisp, juicy, well-colored, and good flavored.
Mature apples have deep russeted scars.
Mature applicants are less likely to be accepted onto training programmes.
Mature applicants are welcome as long as they can demonstrate potential to benefit from the course.
Mature applicants are welcome.
Mature applicants require no formal educational qualifications.
Mature artists steal.
Mature asci are elongate and usually contain eight one-celled ascospores.
Mature babes know how to take a guy's erect penis and make the most of it.
Mature babes masturbate with toys and dildos.
Mature babirusas have large folds near their necks and bellies.
Mature bark has the appearance of bands wrapped around a pole, with wide furrows.
Mature bark is an attractive silver gray color.
Mature bark is grayish-brown and strongly furrowed.
Mature bark is marked with white vertical striations.
Mature bark resembles black, twisted rope.
Mature bees chew themselves out of the sealed cells to emerge.
Mature beetles are dark reddish-brown with slightly lighter wings.
Mature beetles emerge from the trees through the openings made by the larvae.
Mature believers can make selfish mistakes more than once.
Every mature believer ought to know the basics of where certain passages are.
Mature berries are tender, sweet, mild and perfumed.
Mature birds are the ones that show their energy to build up a nest.
Mature birds boast a wing span of six feet.
Mature birds have a large, forward-projecting knob above their beaks.
Mature birds rely on plants.
Mature black locusts have high mortality.
Mature black locusts have mortality.
Mature bluegill tend to ignore a fast- sinking, weighted nymph.
Mature boars become boars.
Most mature boars become boars.
Mature bone is relatively dead, that is non-dynamic.
Mature branches are dark brown with shedding bark.
Mature branches are very pendulous.
Mature bucks are certainly the most challenging to hunt.
Mature bucks seem to be most prone to overeating high-energy supplemental foods.
Mature bucks seem to crawl into holes and disappear.
Mature bucks tend to respond better to rattling toward rut's end.
Most mature bucks make scrapes near their bedding area or between bedding and feeding areas.
Mature bulls are territorial, defending core areas from non-dominant males.
Mature bulls can stand five feet.
Mature bulls gather cows and their calves into harems.
Mature bulls have large sets of antlers, usually with six points, called tines, on each side.
Mature bulls move in among a group of cows and calves.
Mature bulls stay away from cows and calves most of the year.
Mature bulls visit female schools during mating season.
Most mature bulls grow no more than six points per side.
Mature burs are dispersed primarily by humans and animals.
More mature businesses have special needs.
Mature butternuts have distinctive bark with wide, flat-topped ridges.
Mature cactus seems to prefer a simple blend of mineral rich sand and perlite.
Mature caiman are a dull olive green.
Mature canaries are particularly troublesome to convert to a pelleted diet.
Mature caracara are blackish brown overall.
Mature carrots can put a root too deep to be marketable.
Mature cartilage is often present in the wall of a bronchial cyst.
Mature caterpillars are yellowish with black and brown markings, and have many tufts of long hair.
Mature caterpillars chew large , ragged holes in the leaves leaving the large veins intact .
Mature caterpillars chew large, ragged holes in the leaves leaving the large veins intact.
Mature caterpillars have black heads and a broad black stripe running the length of their back.
Mature caterpillars hibernate in leaf litter.
Mature cattle grazing early in the season are more apt to utilize sericea lespedeza.
Mature cells occur only in regions that have stopped growing b.
Mature cheeses can be quite smelly.
Mature chicken is sold as small, medium or large.
Mature chilies are always red.
Mature circuits appear to be maintained by new cell growth well into old age.
Mature clumps can often tolerate slightly colder conditions.
Mature cobras have a slow metabolism, which means they can live for days or months without a meal.
Mature coho salmon have a pronounced red skin color with darker backs.
Mature colonies become grey to olive in color.
Mature colonies provide cover for many kinds of wildlife.
Mature colouring is very slow.
Mature companies reach across international boundaries to interact with key suppliers and customers.
Mature cones are brown.
Mature cones are reddish brown, woody, and slightly oval.
Mature cones are reddish-brown, woody, and very small.
Mature cones are woody and dehiscent.
Mature cones have a flying goose profile when held up against the sky.
Mature conifer stands, lowering of soil temperature.
Some mature conifers provide protection.
Some mature conifers provide thermal protection.
Mature consumers enjoy making a fashion statement without having to sacrifice comfort or mobilarity.
Mature content deserves R rating.
Mature conversation leads to problem solving.
Mature coping is possible in the intermediate sanctions.
Mature corals use energy to produce gametes.
Mature cows adopt the behaviour to avoid frustrating or painful free-stall features.
Mature cows are identifiable by their size and long slender shape.
Mature cows are smaller than mature bulls.
Mature cows tend to give bigger, and better calves than first-calf heifers do.
Mature cows weigh nearly a half ton.
Mature cows weigh pounds.
Most mature cows weigh pounds.
Mature culms have shorter internodes at the base that give a tortoise shell effect.
Mature customers are likely to be more comfortable being served by mature workers.
Mature customers are likely to be more comfortable being served by mature-age workers.
Mature cysts are ingested via contaminated water or food.
Mature cysts have four nuclei while the immature have two.
Most mature cysts are spherical, with a prominent stalk.
Mature despair is the sorrow that is a perfectly rational response to a world of pain and terror.
Mature dogs have time.
More mature dogs can develop restraint, but getting to that point can take a deal of patience.
Most mature dogs have time.
Some mature dogs go through heat.
Mature dragonflies are among nature's most impressive fliers.
Mature drivers are now thoroughly available for virtually any peripheral.
Mature drivers have fewer and less severe accidents than younger drivers.
Mature drivers tend to be safety conscious.
Mature eagles return to the area of their original nests to breed.
Mature eagles stay close by their nests most of the year.
Mature earthworms have a clitellum or a saddle.
Mature ecosystems can cope with climate changes and demands of the organisms within the ecosystem.
All mature eggs are formed to a certain stage in the first division.
Some mature embryos consist of cotyledons.
Mature employees cost less to train and bring extensive experience to the workplace.
Mature entrants bring experience and credibility.
Mature entrants bring valuable life and career experience.
Mature entry can be difficult but extensive relevant laboratory experience is helpful.
Mature entry is common for technical equipment writers and less so for the IT industry.
Mature entry is common.
Mature entry is less difficult if established in print journalism.
Mature entry is reasonable in magazine publishing.
Mature erythrocytes are released into the capillaries.
Mature erythrocytes are visible in most pictures.
Mature erythrocytes lack a nucleus.
Mature ewes respond better than younger ewes.
Mature examples have a nutty, honeyed flavour.
Mature expectations are thoughtful considerations laced by fairness.
Mature female plants produce seeds.
Mature females are approximately half the weight of males.
Mature females are brown and grey with a dark blur urogenital papilla.
Mature females are fat, especially when egg-laden.
Mature females are full bodied and have a gravid spot which is a dark spot near their vent.
Mature females are larger and deeper bodied than males.
Mature females are larger than males.
Mature females are slightly larger than males.
Mature females bear two or even three calves a year.
Mature females can produce several million eggs in a single spawning period.
Mature females can reach five inches in length.
Mature females carry up to two million orange eggs beneath the apron.
Mature females give birth to an average of one pup every one or two years.
Mature females have a pink or brownish cere.
Mature females have a single functional ovary , on the left side, and two functional uteruses .
Mature females have a single functional ovary and two functional uteruses .
Mature females have a small claw on the fifth pereiopod, and enlarged pleopods .
Mature females mate shortly after weaning their pups.
Mature females prefer to mate with mature males.
Mature females produce live young nymphs without mating.
Mature females stay with their troop, but males leave the group when they are about five years old.
Mature females tend to feed in crotches and on twigs.
Mature ferns can become large and difficult to cover with sprays if planted too closely.
Mature ferns produce fertile fronds with brown patches called sori on their edges or undersides.
Mature fibres tend to wrap more tenaciously around moving parts on the combine.
Mature fields are induced in succession to suit the projected demand.
Mature firms are better able, and more likely, to pay out more of their profits.
Mature fish move back upstream in late spring and early summer to spawn the following fall.
Mature fish represent the third line of defense against radiation.
Mature flowers are bitter.
Mature flowers are slightly swollen, with the cup showing nectar.
Mature flowers exude a faint honey scent.
Mature flies emerge in four to six weeks.
Mature foliage is no longer susceptible to infection.
Mature foliage turns yellow before margins become brown.
Mature follicles have taut, almost transparent walls and contain straw-colored fluid.
Some mature follicles induce ovulation.
Mature forages are consumed in lower quantity, further reducing mineral intake.
Mature forages have lower levels of vitamins and minerals.
Mature forests are a large store of terrestrial carbon.
Mature forests are mixed with open fields and small ponds.
Mature forests are ones in which the equilibrium has been reached.
Mature forests attract a variety of songbirds.
Mature forests cover much of the park, which is characterized by sharp ridges and steep ravines.
Mature forests provide a home for many wildlife species.
Mature forests provide serene areas to enjoy trees and woodland wildflowers.
Mature forests provide soft and hard mast in late summer and fall.
Mature frogs are carnivores that eat anything they can catch.
Mature frogs can no longer breathe under water.
Mature fruit are useful for identification.
Mature fruit are yellow with a leathery skin surrounding a thin layer of pale green pulp.
Mature fruit contains seeds.
Mature fruit exhibits tremendous flavor development.
Mature fruit falls to the ground where the 'apple' dries away.
Mature fruit has a characteristic fragrance and a smooth, thin, tough skin.
Mature fruit holds on the tree well.
Mature fruit is bright yellow.
Mature fruit is small, black in color and quickly eaten by birds.
Mature fruit is there, together with good acidity and some wood for frame.
Mature fruit resembles raisins.
Mature fruits are attractive when dried.
Mature fruits are dehiscent.
Mature fruits are globular, flattened and dark brown.
Mature fruits are most susceptible to the disease.
Mature fruits are purple.
Mature fruits are used as animal fodder.
Mature fruits are yellow with a red over color on about half of the surface of the fruit.
Mature fruits can be fleshy or dry.
Mature fruits detach easily from the calyx and float in the water.
Mature fruits float and immature fruits sink and rot.
Mature fruits form five to seven months after pollination.
Mature fruits have a dull pale to rusty brown thin skin.
Mature fruits have significantly less liquid than young, immature coconuts, barring spoilage.
More mature fruit is deformed and remains small.
Most mature fruit contains seeds.
Some mature fruit has hard rinds.
Some mature fruit has rinds.
Mature gametes accumulate in the metanephridia prior to release.
Mature ginger has a more assertive, peppery bite.
Mature girls have problems.
Mature girls know what they want.
Most mature girls have problems.
Mature goats show depression and incoordination.
Mature granules are fusiform and many are slightly refractile.
Mature grasshoppers mate and continue feeding on crop plants.
Mature grubs make cells in the wood of the leader to pupate.
Mature gulls are white with gray wing feathers, yellow bill and pink legs.
Mature hardwood stands provide mast and cover.
Mature hardwood trees forest the entire property.
Mature hardwoods can grow so tall that naturalists have to use binoculars to see their leaves.
Mature heads are a foot or more across.
Mature heads are about a foot tall, like a well-grown romaine lettuce.
Mature heads measure three to six inches across.
Mature height is about a foot.
Mature height is an important part of plant selection.
Mature height is approx.
Mature height is approximately fifteen feet.
Mature height varies with cultivars.
Mature hemlocks provide added privacy.
Mature hops feel more like paper, spring back when squeezed and feel noticeably lighter.
Mature horn fly maggots transform to the pupal stage in or below the manure.
Mature horses have surprisingly low protein needs.
All mature horses are DNA'd.
Mature individuals appear to be healthy and free of disease.
Mature individuals are goblet-shaped , on relatively long stalks .
Mature individuals are goblet-shaped, on relatively long stalks.
Mature individuals have more intense coloration than juvenile specimens.
Mature individuals measure an average of five inches in length.
Mature individuals survive low-severity fires.
Any mature individual respects others points of view.
More mature industries have an advantage here, because they've dealt with slowdowns many times.
Mature insects are most noticeable in late spring and early summer.
Mature judgment comes with experience and age.
Mature kernels are red, yellow, with some blue.
Mature ladies know how to suck cock and make a guy cum.
Some mature ladies do still keep blueing for their hair.
Mature landscaping abounds.
Mature landscaping includes unique rail road hut.
Mature landscaping is generous and complemented by stone accents.
Mature landscaping surrounds the home providing great curb appeal and privacy.
Mature larva becomes a pupa.
Mature larva has tufts of yellow and brown hair, sometimes with dorsal tufts of black hair.
Mature larva is smooth marked with two orange, white bordered stripes on each side.
Mature larvae become pupas.
Mature larvae possess ability.
Mature larvae possess defensive ability.
Mature larvae transform into pupas.
Mature larvae abandon the host and form a loose pupal cell of sand grains near the soil surface.
Mature larvae are about an inch long, cream-colored and covered with brown hairs.
Mature larvae are about an inch long.
Mature larvae are about of an inch long and yellow green with two black strips down the back.
Mature larvae are about one-half inch in length, dull yellow, with two black stripes down the back.
Mature larvae are active and wander in search of pupation sites.
Mature larvae are gray with several rows of black spots running down the body.
Mature larvae are green with a prominent dark stripe along each side.
Mature larvae are purplish brown with numerous black spots from which the hairs emerge.
Mature larvae are slug shaped and lightly haired with a bluish-green color.
Mature larvae are smooth, olive-green, tapered toward the back end and have a black head.
Mature larvae are yellowish-white, legless grubs with brown heads.
Mature larvae build cocoons on or off the plant.
Mature larvae consume the entire leaf, leaving only the petiole.
Mature larvae develop which are then eaten by a suitable host.
Mature larvae drop from the head and burrow into the soil.
Mature larvae drop from the wound and pupate in the soil for approximately one week.
Mature larvae emerge from the fruit and pupate in the ground.
Mature larvae enter the soil to pupate.
Mature larvae feed in the trees at night and seek shelter in crevices or under trash in the day.
Mature larvae form a pupal stage, from which the adults emerge one to two weeks later.
Mature larvae form a pupation chamber at the bottom of the bud.
Mature larvae form earthen cells to pupate.
Mature larvae form earthen cells within which the pupae form.
Mature larvae leave the fruit once it has fallen and burrow into the soil over winter.
Mature larvae leave the mines, dropping to the ground to pupate.
Mature larvae leave their host colony and burrow into the ground to pupate.
Mature larvae move to places just under the surface of the soil and pupate in earthen cells.
Mature larvae move to the outer bark and create a cell in which they pupate.
Mature larvae pupate at the ends of their galleries.
Mature larvae pupate in chambers which appear oval in shape and are lined with wood shavings.
Mature larvae pupate in cocoons spun on plant foliage or on debris on the ground.
Mature larvae pupate in flimsy cocoons in folded cotton leaves.
Mature larvae pupate in pods for about two weeks.
Mature larvae pupate in the soil.
Mature larvae pupate inside terminals and cones and develop into adults.
Mature larvae pupate near the surface of the soil.
Mature larvae seal off the tunnels with frass and form cells in which to pupate.
Mature larvae stop feeding and burrow for protection in drier surrounding areas, where they pupate.
Mature larvae stop feeding, pupate, and emerge as adults.
Mature larvae transform into pupae before becoming adults.
Most mature larvae become pupas.
Most mature larvae possess defensive ability.
Most mature larvae transform into pupas.
Some mature larvae bear into fruit.
Mature leaders use power without being corrupted by it.
Mature leaf is light green.
Mature leaves are awl-shaped, spreading, and arranged in pairs or in whorls of three.
Mature leaves are bronzy blood red and new leaves are bright red.
Mature leaves are coarse, bitter and mildly laxative.
Mature leaves are dark green with deeply serrated edges.
Mature leaves are delicious cooked.
Mature leaves are fairly resistant and infection causes only small necrotic spots.
Mature leaves are more affected than young leaves.
Mature leaves are more resistant to the fungus.
Mature leaves are resistant to the fungus.
Mature leaves become more lanceolate in outline and taper to a point.
Mature leaves contain cellulose.
Mature leaves demonstrate a distinct ruffled edge on flat thin substance.
Mature leaves develop a slightly puckered texture in a loose draping mound.
Mature leaves develop a yellowish cast to least veinal areas.
Mature leaves have a whitish appearing underside.
Mature leaves have cuticles.
Mature leaves have pink viening and are very fuzzy.
Mature leaves have the most spotting.
Mature leaves have thick cuticles.
Mature leaves turn yellow and then become spotted with edge areas turning dark grey.
Mature learners can be an amazingly valuable asset in the classroom.
Mature leaves appear to be more resistant.
Mature leaves are awl-shaped, spreading, and arranged in pairs or in whorls of three.
Mature leaves are dark green on the upper surface.
Mature leaves are dark green while newly emerging foliage is light rose to chartreuse in color.
Mature leaves are deep green, and turn to yellow-orange in autumn before falling.
Mature leaves are eaten regularly only by specialist herbivores.
Mature leaves are fairly resistant and infection causes only small necrotic spots.
Mature leaves are glabrous.
Mature leaves are heavily puckered and cupped and produce a dense mass of blooms.
Mature leaves are leathery, glossy, and deep green in color.
Mature leaves are less likely to be affected.
Mature leaves are more affected than young leaves.
Mature leaves are more triangular to diamond shaped.
Mature leaves are relatively hairless, but small leaves often have hairs on the underside.
Mature leaves are resistant to infections.
Mature leaves are rich, purplish red throughout the summer.
Mature leaves become glaucous.
Mature leaves become more lanceolate in outline and taper to a point.
Mature leaves decay rapidly during the cool season.
Mature leaves develop a slightly wavy edge in an erect dense clump.
Mature leaves drop from stem quickly.
Mature leaves emit a disagreeable odor when bruised.
Mature leaves have yellowish-green patches between veins, and midribs are yellow.
Mature leaves tend to be more resistant to infection than immature leaves.
Mature leaves work best, but younger leaves can be preserved, too.
Most mature leaves contain cellulose.
Most mature leaves have cuticles.
Most mature leaves have thick cuticles.
Some mature leaves carry toxins.
Some mature leaves have patches.
Mature legumes add more nitrogen than young ones, but can be harder to cut and turn under the soil.
Mature legumes are the dried seeds found inside pods, for example kidney beans or chickpeas.
Mature lesions are black and usually surrounded by a bright yellow halo.
Mature lesions turn tan and dry out, becoming papery.
Mature life refuses to be embalmed alive.
Mature lingcod feed primarily on other fish and smaller lingcod.
Mature love is honest and open.
Mature love is stable, a union of two people who respect themselves and each other.
Mature love is strong and can survive pain as well as triumph.
Mature love means liking a person as well as loving.
Mature love needs new channels.
Mature love seeks to know the other person.
Mature lovebirds are particularly troublesome to convert to a pelleted diet.
Mature maggots leave the plant to pupate in the soil.
Mature males appear to be totally intolerant of each other.
Mature males are a bright red color with black wings and tails.
Mature males are at the top of the hierarchy, and sub-adults and cubs at the bottom.
Mature males are black, while the young and females are pale gray.
Mature males are dark colored birds with purple glossy feathers.
Mature males are deep orange, with black wings, back, and tail tips, and white wing-patches.
Mature males are generally larger than the females.
Mature males are known fight cattle.
Mature males are larger and have pronounced canine teeth.
Mature males are recognisable by the brown 'scent gland' in the centre of their white chest.
Mature males are solitary except during the mating season.
Mature males are the only black darter to occur in Ireland and are therefore easy to identify.
Mature males are winged insects that search out the immobile females.
Mature males become territorial, marking their areas with urine, feces, and glandular secretions.
Mature males can have larger, broader heads than the females.
Mature males compete for pre-pubertal females.
Mature males develop odontotes on the head and pectoral rays, which are lacking in females.
Mature males develop reverted marginal scales in the front.
Mature males emerge from the armor in the late afternoon.
Mature males grow tusks that are used in social interactions.
Mature males have a bald spot in the middle of their forehead and another on their chest.
Mature males have a black throat and white eyebrow.
Mature males have a brief association with the family units when mating with mature cows.
Mature males have a brown scent gland in the center of their chest.
Mature males have a darker color on the belly.
Mature males have a more impressive coat than females.
Mature males have a red throat.
Mature males have a silver-gray cape or mane over the head, neck and shoulders.
Mature males have blue-gray throats with a black center.
Mature males have broader head than females.
Mature males have brown scent glands in the center of their white chests.
Mature males have long toenails on their front feet that they use when courting females.
Mature males have much more striking plumage than females.
Mature males have very short life-spans, while mature females can go on for many years.
Mature males leave the family unit when they reach puberty.
Mature males live alone or in small groups and have no permanent ties with the females.
Mature males move away and form small, bachelor groups of two or three billies.
Mature males occur in two forms.
Mature males protect large territories, encompassing the territories of several females.
Mature males start establishing territories and try to gain access to females.
Mature males tend to be solitary, except during breeding periods.
Mature males tend to have a larger home range than sows.
Most mature males become solitary and spread out in adjoining territories.
Mature men acting like kids is pathetic.
Mature men prefer floor length.
Mature mango trees need frequent water.
Mature mealybugs are highly resistant to contact pesticides.
More mature mealybugs have filaments of wax projecting from the body margin.
More mature mechanics involve speed, clarity of expression, and appropriate grammar.
Mature microbes produce a sticky polymer on their outer membranes.
Mature milk is the final fluid that a new mother produces.
Mature mites are pinkish orange and shiny.
Mature mice are partly devoid of hair at all times.
Mature movement has to look at itself.
Mature nannies are pretty savvy.
Mature neighborhoods offer some of the best housing values.
Mature neurons are incapable of cell division.
Mature olives are black with a wrinkled skin.
Mature ones are dark gray-brown to black.
Mature onions are low in calories and a fair source of vitamin C, vitamin A and calcium.
Mature oocyte passes through the two meiotic divisions i.
Mature oospores punctate with brown, involved in a triple membrane.
Some mature ovules contain embryos.
Mature parents can feel deeply and act concertedly.
Mature parents realize that they live in an uncertain world.
More mature patches take on a 'drippy' look, with long lobes hanging down off the colony.
Mature patience is a better response to such fears than confrontation.
Mature people accept themselves as having authority, without bravado and without guilt .
Mature people are complete people.
Mature people are more self-directed and able to make good decisions.
Mature people are people who have learned to drop things that aren t worth fretting over.
Mature people are positively defensive.
Mature people confront their problems, immature people avoid their problems.
Mature people deal with problems in just the opposite way.
Mature people do that.
Mature people have a risk of falling on buses.
Mature people is our speciality.
Mature people recognize joint accountability.
Mature people show emotional security, humor and insight.
Mature people try to do the same.
Mature people view differences as potential strengths.
Most mature people understand that proper organizational conflict serves a useful purpose.
Mature peppers are very pungent.
Mature peppers have the best flavor and maximum heat level.
Mature pine forests throughout the southeastern U.S. and eastern Texas.
Mature pines flank the grounds offering privacy and solitude.
Mature pines line the tight fairways.
Mature plant grows in spreading tufts.
Mature plant is compressed or low-growing when mowed frequently.
Mature plant shows parts.
Mature plants are about a foot tall, with oblong leaves that are sharply toothed.
Mature plants are attractive in tubs.
Mature plants are coarse and tough to graze.
Mature plants are covered with short, stiff hairs.
Mature plants are difficult to transplant as they are sensitive to shock.
Mature plants are distasteful to animals and contain less of the toxin.
Mature plants are more tolerant than seedlings.
Mature plants are mostly fair.
Mature plants are particularly competitive with winter annuals and shallow-rooted perennials.
Mature plants are quite tolerant to most herbicides.
Mature plants are somewhat drought tolerant.
Mature plants are stiff and spiny.
Mature plants are very floriferous with flowers in autumn, winter and spring.
Mature plants are virtually glabrous .
Mature plants bear attractive rusty brown cones.
Mature plants bear masses of white flowers followed by black fruit, but young plants flower little.
Mature plants become flat-topped.
Mature plants bloom profusely, with flowers numbering in the tens of thousands.
Mature plants bloom prolifically for a mesmerizing show and heavenly fragrance.
Mature plants bloom repetitively.
Mature plants break off at ground level and tumble with the wind dispersing seeds.
Mature plants can be up to six feet tall.
Mature plants can develop massive tap root structures.
Mature Plants can grow up to three meters tall.
Mature plants can reproduce from coppice.
Mature plants can tolerate higher salts than young plants.
Mature plants can withstand periods of drought.
Mature plants can withstand short-term immersions.
Mature plants decline quickly.
Mature plants develop a fringe of white hairs surrounding the black spine at the tip of each leaf.
Mature plants develop a large flared mound that commands attention.
Mature plants develop a papery case over the berry.
Mature plants develop a short stem.
Mature plants develop large extensive root systems that penetrate deeply into the earth.
Mature plants die after seed is produced.
Mature plants do fine with just large bark, tree fern, or macadamia nut shells.
Mature plants give off rhizomes, which produce aerial shoots near the mother plant.
Mature plants grown in warmer areas tend to bloom for an extended period of time.
Mature plants have a good resistance to frost in West Australian conditions.
Mature plants have a pronouncedly conical in shape and reputedly very heat tolerant.
Mature plants have a reddish cast after frost.
Mature plants have attractive light pink flowers.
Mature plants have clusters of pinkish-white flowers in winter.
Mature plants have deep and extensive horizontal roots.
Mature plants have large amounts of cured foliage which burns hot.
Mature plants have massive smooth gray trunks.
Mature plants have much lower toxicity, and well-cured hay is relatively safe for consumption.
Mature plants have no connection to the ground.
Mature plants have small white flowers.
Mature plants have tougher leaves and stronger flavors.
Mature plants produce a blossom-bearing spike, or inflorescence, from the center of that cup.
Mature plants produce a graceful cascading mound.
Mature plants produce a mass of leaves.
Mature plants produce a multitude of blooms.
Mature plants produce a spike.
Mature plants produce both male and female gametes.
Mature plants produce insignificant flowers at the top of the stem.
Mature plants produce seeds.
Mature plants produce small black berries appreciated by birds in the winter.
Mature plants produce spores on the underside of the leaves.
Mature plants produce two annual harvests in low fertility soil.
Mature plants range between three to five feet in height.
Mature plants recover remarkably well, even from severe overgrazing, if early regrowth is protected.
Mature plants require more frequent, heavier irrigations than do young plants.
Mature plants root easily from cuttings.
Mature plants seem to be independent of the mycorrhizal relationship.
Mature plants thrive on a certain amount of neglect.
Mature plants turn purple or brown.
Mature plants wilt and die.
More mature plants can tolerate feeding damage with little effect on yield.
Most mature plants produce seeds.
Mature plantings are perennial artichoke stands that are at least one year old.
Mature plaque is potentially more pathogenic.
Many mature players enjoy fantasy.
Mature pods are a lovely bright red.
Mature pods have shiny, red, round beans.
Mature polyps are large with thick, cellular mesogloea .
Mature potatoes stored properly can keep up to two months.
Mature prayer becomes contemplation.
Mature priests exhibit a sense of inner authority.
Mature problem solvers with a demonstrated commitment to service.
Mature products tend to work well enough to satisfy their users' needs indefinitely.
Mature professionals treat company-sensitive material with great care.
Mature pulp is used in preparing delicious dishes after drying through boiling.
Mature pussy is a delight young men over look.
Mature quahogs are best for making clam chowder .
Mature rabbits can tolerate a wide range of temperatures.
Mature rams have a mane from the shoulders to the base of the tail.
Mature readers have no difficulty in understanding and forgiving the protagonists' bad behaviour.
Mature readers tend to rely on prediction.
More mature readers can 'fill in the gaps' in the narrative.
More mature readers discover insights into the power of ideas to shape culture for good or for evil.
Mature relationships involve a process of growth.
Mature reptiles reproduce sexually.
Mature responsibility means realizing that no single person can be responsible for everything.
Mature riders can offer knowledgeable care, horse companions, pasture and barn to the right horse.
Mature roots are spindle-shaped, two to five inches long, and up to one inch thick.
Some mature saguaros are killed by lightning strikes, windthrow, and perhaps from flicker damage.
Some mature saguaros produce crops.
Mature salmon are netted and stripped of eggs and sperm each fall.
Most mature salmons feed on shrimps and other smaller fish.
Mature scale appear as round or oval bodies adhered to the undersides of leaves, or on plant stems.
Mature scale has wings.
Mature scales have a central, light-gray, circular right which is visible with a magnifying glass.
Mature scales lack a distinct head, legs or antennae.
Mature scales remain stationary, feeding on leaves, twigs, stems or fruits.
Mature seals mate in the spring.
Mature section has pics.
Mature seed are almost always more vigorous than immature seed.
Mature seed drops out of cone onto the ground.
Mature seeds are about the size of small peas and are flat and wrinkled.
Mature seeds are aromatic and flavorful, used in beans, stews, sausage and pastries.
Mature seeds are dark purple.
Mature seeds are flattened on the commissural side that faced the septum of the ovary .
Mature seeds are more likely to grow well than seeds harvested too soon.
Mature seeds are released by the female strobilus to be dispersed by wind or animals.
Mature seeds are shed in the fall.
Mature seeds have a fleshy orange to scarlet seed coat.
Mature seeds have a thick covering and are coated with a sticky, red resin.
Mature seeds present on specimen.
Mature seeds remain in capsules until dispersed by physical disturbance.
Mature seeds vary in shape and size, many being hard and oval or round.
Some mature seeds contain embryos.
Some mature seeds have appearances.
Mature seedpods are especially nice in dried arrangements.
Mature segments hold large numbers of egg packets.
Mature sex gets better with age.
Mature sexuality looks beyond media images and stereotypes to include inner qualities and beauty.
Mature sheaths are hollow and quite hard.
Mature shrimps breed in the late autumn or early winter.
Mature shrubs have minute, whitish, star-shaped hairs on their leaves and petioles.
Mature size varies regionally.
Mature snappers love offshore platforms.
Mature software is also reusable software.
Mature soils settle out into homogenous layers, called horizons.
Mature sorghum contains almost none of the relevant compound, and is used as an animal feed.
Mature specimens achieve a picturesque form.
Mature specimens are often large, fragile and crumbly.
Mature specimens develop a reddish orange flaking bark on upper branches.
Mature specimens have horizontal branching.
Mature sperm are better able to move, find an egg and penetrate it to complete fertilisation.
Mature sperm are better able to move, find an egg and penetrate it to complete fertilization.
Mature sperm are highly specialized cells composed of a head, neck and tail region.
Mature sperm is an elongated cell with a head, neck, body, and tail.
Mature sperm leave the epididymis and enter the vas deferens.
Mature spicebushes are six to ten feet tall with dark brown, bumpy bark.
Mature spores are of a rather variable shape.
Mature sporophyte is brown, doesn t photosynthesize and depends on gametophyte for food.
Mature sporophytes are usually much larger, much taller, and longer-lived than gametophytes.
Mature sporophytes produce flowers.
Mature sporophytes produce haploid spores.
Mature sporophytes produce spores.
Most mature sporophytes produce flowers.
Most mature sporophytes produce haploid spores.
Most mature sporophytes produce spores.
Mature spots are black and usually surrounded by a bright yellow halo.
Mature spots are circular to oval and sunken.
Mature stages can stay in the tree until late summer.
Mature stallions are occasionally for sale or lease.
Mature stars appear white with purple edges.
Mature stars are stars which have left the main sequence .
Mature stem is grayish brown and has lost hairs.
Mature stigmas are collected by hand during a short blooming season.
Mature students are eligible.
Mature students are especially encouraged to apply.
Mature students are grossly under-represented in Irish third level education.
Mature students are often amongst our most academically successful students.
Mature students are particularly welcome at Anglia, and consultative interviews can be arranged.
Mature students are particularly welcome.
Mature students are very welcome.
Mature students are welcome and are accepted on the basis of a variety of qualifications.
Mature students are welcome as well.
Mature students are welcome to apply with or without formal qualifications.
Mature students are welcome to apply.
Mature students are welcome.
Mature students can also apply.
Mature students can also take GCSEs which can be done separately or combined with other courses.
Mature students can contact an academic advisor for admission requirements.
Mature students can enrol after discussion with subject tutors.
Mature students can gain access to the programme through a good portfolio and relevant experience.
Mature students changing careers are especially welcome, and frequently constitute half the class.
Mature students comprise about half the course members.
Mature students experience different pressures than other students.
Mature students welcome.
Many mature students find their return to school to be quite daunting at times.
Many mature students have family responsibilities in addition to their academic studies.
More mature students can help prepare a slide for the light microscope.
Most mature students work full-time.
Mature tadpoles are inserted into living adult humanoids to devour and replace the nervous system.
Mature tadpoles are very colorful.
Mature tapeworms contain both male and female reproductive organs.
Mature tapeworms live in intestines.
Most mature tapeworms live in intestines.
Mature technologies are the most likely to result in a smooth and rapid implementation.
Mature teens are always welcome to attend any adult workshop of their choice.
Mature teens welcome, no pets.
Mature themes continues.
Some mature themes are here.
Mature tissue grafts almost as readily as juvenile tissue.
Mature tissues are resistant.
Mature tissues seem to be resistant to infection.
Mature tourists are seasoned travellers who are ever on the lookout for a new experience.
Mature travelers comprise nearly one-third of all U.S. travel.
Mature tree takes full sun.
Mature trees adapt to conditions.
Mature trees are equally tall and broad.
Mature trees are frequently hollow, providing living space for numerous animals and humans alike.
Mature trees are more susceptible than younger, more vigourous trees.
Mature trees are part of the super country club-like atmosphere.
Mature trees are preferred over young ones for two reasons.
Mature trees are pyramidal in shape, and can assume a picturesque buttressed trunk.
Mature trees are spectacular when in bloom with showy, white flowers.
Mature trees are usually hollow, providing living space for many animals and humans.
Mature trees are very fire resistant with very thick bark.
Mature trees can be worth thousands of dollars each.
Mature trees can produce hundreds of fruit.
Mature trees can reach very large sizes.
Mature trees can survive most fires, suffering only bole scorch.
Mature trees can tolerate a few degrees of frost.
Mature trees develop a blocky grey bark, and are deciduous in cold weather.
Mature trees dot the property.
Mature trees form an evergreen curtain where the property dips toward the freeway.
Mature trees frame magnificent mountain views.
Mature trees give it the character of a village green.
Mature trees give shelter with three natural swimming holes safe for the young.
Mature trees grow seeds that reach the ground and new seedlings grow.
Mature trees grow to width.
Mature trees have a firm, broadly pyramidal outline.
Mature trees have a highly branched, and irregular crown.
Mature trees have a narrow, pyramid form and short, compact branches.
Mature trees have hollow trunks.
Mature trees have nodules on both the large woody roots and the smaller new roots.
Mature trees have resistance.
Mature trees have trunks.
Mature trees increase property values.
Mature trees line a small avenue which leads to a rectangular pool.
Mature trees line several fairways and some of the tighter holes are simply tough as leather.
Mature trees line the fairways, making for a good walking course.
Mature trees line watered fairways and greens.
Mature trees maintain desirable microclimates and shelter wildlife.
Mature trees make a significant difference in comfort and in property value.
Mature trees offer privacy.
Mature trees place a premium on accuracy and course management.
Mature trees possess a handsome flat-topped to rounded appearance.
Mature trees produce an abundance of large, flavorful nuts.
Mature trees produce as much oxygen as they consume.
Mature trees produce crops.
Mature trees produce fruit.
Mature trees provide seeds, fruit and nuts.
Mature trees provide shade for all of our cottages.
Mature trees provide shade to the cottages.
Mature trees provide shading and beauty to a large corner lot with many perennials.
Mature trees reach height.
Mature trees require direct sunlight.
Mature trees require little pruning.
Mature trees require sunlight.
Mature trees shade curving streets and give the area a genuine rural look.
Mature trees shade front porches, where people sit on summer evenings.
Mature trees shed twigs.
Mature trees sprout vigorously from the branches and bole after burning.
Mature trees suffer damage.
Mature trees suffer long term damage.
Mature trees surrounding the small green can be a challenge.
Mature trees survive damage.
Mature trees survive in the front yard .
Mature trees tolerate flooding even by sea-water.
Most mature trees adapt to conditions.
Most mature trees grow to width.
Most mature trees have hollow trunks.
Most mature trees have resistance.
Most mature trees produce crops.
Most mature trees produce fruit.
Most mature trees reach height.
Most mature trees require direct sunlight.
Most mature trees require sunlight.
Most mature trees shed twigs.
Most mature trees suffer damage.
Most mature trees suffer long term damage.
Most mature trees survive damage.
Some mature trees have forks.
Some mature trees provide food.
Some mature trees survive fire.
Some mature trees survive intensity fire.
Mature trophozoites are mobile but they die quickly on the slide.
Mature tubers are like small knobby Irish potatoes.
Mature tubers have a firm hard skin and are less susceptible to injuries and store well.
Mature tubers have skin.
Mature tubers have tough skin.
Mature tubers store better than immature tubers and resist bruising better.
Most mature tubers have skin.
Most mature tubers have tough skin.
Mature varieties are fraser fir and blue spruce.
Mature vegetation is darker green and regenerated forest appears in light green.
Mature vegetation provides food, habitat, and cover for wildlife.
Mature vehicles rev up new market growth.
Mature virions accumulate in vacuoles in the cytoplasm and are released by exocytosis or cell lyses.
Mature voles are reddish-brown to gray, larger than a house or field mouse, but smaller than a rat.
Mature weeds are more difficult to remove.
Mature weeds take away a large amount of moisture and nutrients from the soil.
Mature weights depend on the breed.
Mature wolves put less toward growth, growing wolves put more.
Mature women are a cornerstone of any society.
Mature women are sexy babes.
Mature women are welcome.
Mature women communicate easily.
Mature women cultivate healthy self-esteem leading to assertive action on behalf of their values.
Mature women Dildoes.
Mature women find relief.
Mature women find significant relief.
Mature women galleries.
Mature women have health.
Mature women have some je ne sais quois that other girls lack.
Mature women know how to have sex.
Mature women love erotic attention to their softest parts.
Mature women take family responsibility.
Mature women take responsibility.
Mature women thumbs.
Most mature women feel the same.
Most mature women find relief.
Most mature women find significant relief.
Most mature women have health.
Most mature women take family responsibility.
Most mature women take responsibility.
Mature wood is a typical gray color.
Mature workers are reliable, multi-skilled and are concerned about the community.
Mature workers find companies willing to be flexible to their needs.
Mature workers increase costs to the employer.
Mature workers seeking employment want to work.
Mature worms appear in the skin in less than a year.
Mature worms lay eggs within a few days.
Mature worms leave the host to find a mate.
Mature zucchini can be as large as a baseball bat .
Matured cheese is thought to be safe because it's acidity kills the para bacterium over time.
A maturity date is a date
Maturity date is required for fixed-term journals.
Maturity dates comprise the only major difference between the three types of securities.
Maturities can range from a few weeks to several years.
Maturities range from a few weeks to several years.
Maturities range from one day to one year.
Maturities range from one month to as long as fifty years.
Maturities range from one to twenty-five years.
Maturities range from overnight to many years.
Maturities range from overnight to thirty years.
Maturities range from ten to thirty years, but many are callable prior to maturity.
Maturities range from ten to twenty years.
Maturities range from three months to one year.
Maturity affects chemical composition more than species.
Maturity also affects the head loss.
Maturity also affects their keeping qualities.
Maturity also helps.
Maturity also means learning to live with disappointments and go forward.
Maturity also means taking a moment to say a quick prayer when the ambulance races by.
Maturity begins physically in the body with hormones that change what's happening inside.
Maturity begins when the adult tree produces flowers.
Maturity begins with the acceptance of responsibility.
Maturity breeds consistency.
Maturity breeds wisdom and wisdom builds a nation.
Maturity brings a sense of greater security.
Maturity brings experience and relaxation into sexuality.
Maturity brings with it a penetrating gaze and the ability to see into the heart of every matter.
Maturity can be an advantage if combined with experience.
Maturity can be an advantage.
Maturity can be critical when considering a corn hybrid for a specific cropping system.
Maturity can be critical when considering a sorghum hybrid for a specific cropping system.
Maturity can be wonderful.
Maturity can last for a long time, or it can actually never be attained.
Maturity can settle into complacency.
Maturity can vary from overnight agreements to up to one year.
Maturity changes one's entire perspective.
Maturity comes by perfect works of obedience, a clear conscience, and works of righteousness.
Maturity comes in knowing from the inside.
Maturity comes largely with the passing of time.
Maturity comes later, after baptism into the community.
Maturity comes through struggles.
Maturity comes with age in our physical life as well as our spiritual life.
Maturity comes with age, both conventionally and neurologically.
Maturity comes with age.
Maturity comes with growth and growth takes time.
Maturity currently ranges from fully dented to yellow kernels.
Maturity dates on discount notes typically range from one day to one year.
Maturity determines apple quality.
Maturity entails responsibility.
Maturity extends that understanding to compassion for others and empathy with their experience.
Maturity has (part) menopause.
Maturity has (part) middle ages.
Maturity has a direct impact on nutritive value and intake.
Maturity has nothing to do with chronological age.
Maturity has two meanings.
Maturity helps here.
Maturity helps too.
Maturity here is above all love in action .
Maturity Includes robustness, level of support, and size of user base.
Maturity influences the protein level.
Maturity involves dependability.
Maturity is a compound of wisdom, goodwill, resilience, and creativity.
Maturity is a good place and a hard place.
Maturity is a hard thing to gauge.
Maturity is a period
Maturity is a personal choice.
Maturity is a process and it has different aspects.
Maturity is a relative thing.
Maturity is a spiritual issue because spiritual truth is almost always paradoxical.
Maturity is a state few people attain.
Maturity is a state of mind.
Maturity is about to undergo a revolution like nothing the world has ever seen.
Maturity is also related to the stage when full size is obtained.
Maturity is an advantage.
Maturity is an estimation of the physiological age of the carcass.
Maturity is an important parameter for management of fish stocks.
Maturity is an uneven, discouraging process.
Maturity is another.
Maturity is attained in the summer, and a new generation of crawlers is produced.
Maturity is based on experience.
Maturity is basically unselfishness.
Maturity is behind last year.
Maturity is behind normal for most crops due to the cool, rainy spring.
Maturity is behind, but the crop outlook is excellent.
Maturity is called for, but is never confused with superiority.
Maturity is considered to be the date when the pods are dry and most of the leaves have dropped.
Maturity is dates.
Maturity is definitely a strength with all of our returning players.
Maturity is demanded for such responsible decisions.
Maturity is demonstrated by the ability to consider someone else's needs as well as one's own.
Maturity is determined by their growth in length.
Maturity is early, comparable to 'Solar Set'.
Maturity is especially important if planting is delayed.
Maturity is expressed as a positive factor and the job hunter s enthusiasm for working is clear.
Maturity is expressed as a positive factor, and the job hunter's enthusiasm for working is clear.
Maturity is humility.
Maturity is identified by maturity groups, as described above.
Maturity is important since the tenderness of lean muscle decreases as the animal advances in age.
Maturity is important to hay quality.
Maturity is important.
Maturity is indicated by the fall of the top of the onion plant.
Maturity is indicated when the calices surrounding the stem on the fruit lift.
Maturity is kind of sad.
Maturity is main season.
Maturity is mandatory.
Maturity is marked by gradual darkening of color in all stages of the life cycle.
Maturity is maximum application of truth to experience.
Maturity is measured by true life-change.
Maturity is measured differently for males and females.
Maturity is midseason in California, where it has been reported to alternate bear.
Maturity is more than simply reaching a certain age.
Maturity is obtained about midsummer and a pupal cell is excavated.
Maturity is of highest importance.
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
Maturity is optional.
Maturity is overrated.
Maturity is patience.
Maturity is reached around age two or before.
Maturity is reached at about seven inches.
Maturity is reached at ages four to five.
Maturity is reached before two years of age.
Maturity is reached between four and six years.
Maturity is reached between three and four years with longevity up to the early teens.
Maturity is reached between two and a half and four years.
Maturity is reached by eight months.
Maturity is reached in about three years.
Maturity is reached in two years after transformation.
Maturity is reached in two years, the preferred habitat is clear, cold water streams and lakes.
Maturity is reached two years later.
Maturity is reached when the caps are well- rounded and the partial veil is completely intact.
Maturity is reached when the testes produce functional sperm.
Maturity is relative.
Maturity is required.
Maturity is said to be achieved when a girl is twelve and when a boy reaches the age of thirteen.
Maturity is self possession to think and act rightly with stability of character.
Maturity is states.
Maturity is still a problem, even in the old line Washington navels.
Maturity is tax exempt.
Maturity is the ability to bear an injustice without wanting to get even.
Maturity is the ability to control anger and settle differences without violence or destruction.
Maturity is the ability to control anger and settle differences without violence.
Maturity is the ability to control emotions and settle differences without violence or destruction.
Maturity is the ability to defer pleasure for an important goal.
Maturity is the ability to disagree without being disagreeable.
Maturity is the ability to make a decision and follow through.
Maturity is the ability to make a decision and stand by it, if it's the right one.
Maturity is the ability to make a decision and stand by it.
Maturity is the ability to make a decision and stick with it, riding out the storms that follow.
Maturity is the ability to stick with a project or a situation until it is finished.
Maturity is the capacity to face unpleasantness and disappointment without becoming bitter.
Maturity is the death of fun, they reason.
Maturity is the essence of manliness.
Maturity is the final stage in the whisky making process.
Maturity is the first little crisis.
Maturity is the gift of remaining calm in the face of chaos.
Maturity is the most important consideration when choosing a hybrid.
Maturity is the most important factor affecting forage quality.
Maturity is the period when one finds the just measure.
Maturity is the recovery of the seriousness of a child at play.
Maturity is the result of patience, endurance, and the ability to keep going when things are tough.
Maturity is the willingness to pass up immediate pleasure in favor of long-term satisfaction.
Maturity is their completion and perfection.
Maturity is to live with the actual but hold to the ideal.
Maturity is unselfishness, responding to the needs of others.
Maturity is valued as is technical knowledge and experience gained in previous posts.
Maturity is well ahead of normal due to the warm, dry spring.
Maturity is well ahead of schedule.
Maturity is well behind normal.
Maturity is when the product reaches the peak of it's sales.
Maturity is yet in the making.
Maturity isa period.
Maturity makes a difference.
Maturity makes it easy to be complacent.
Maturity matches construction.
Maturity matters for an admin, no matter where it comes from.
Maturity means dependability, integrity, keeping one's word.
Maturity means dependability, keeping one's word and coming through in a crisis.
Maturity means dependability, keeping one's word, coming through in a crisis.
Maturity means taking other people into consideration.
Maturity means that the compost has decomposed extensively and has become fairly stable.
Maturity means the energy and nutrient containing materials have merged into a stable organic mass.
Maturity means, most of all, a sense of responsibility.
Maturity naturally leads to multiplication.
Maturity normally comes with age.
Maturity occurs at different ages for different llamas.
Maturity occurs four weeks after the last buds are in flower.
Maturity occurs when the kernels are hard and the head has turned white-beige in color.
Maturity occurs when the tributary streams de- velop lowlands in softer rocks.
Maturity ranges from fields that have dropped all their leaves to fields that are still green.
Maturity refers to the age in years at which the being reaches physical maturity.
Maturity refers to the physiological age of the animal rather than the chronological age.
Maturity refers to the physiological age of the animal.
Maturity refers to the physiological age of the live animal.
Maturity refers to when the final payment of principal is due.
Maturity represents the date on which a bond's principal is to be repaid.
Maturity requires about two years in southern California.
Maturity results from the soul's learning and growth.
Maturity seems to have set in.
Maturity seems to include theability to find newness from within.
Maturity takes many years.
Maturity takes two years in Southern California , while it takes only ten months in South Africa .
Maturity underlay the field's hard-earned respectability.
Maturity varies with breeds and individuals.
Maturity always involves taking responsibility for others.
Maturity usually occurs the following year.
More maturity is required to perceive shades of gray.
Some maturity is required.
A matzah ball is a dumplings
Matzah balls can be very soft and light or firm and heavy.
A matzo ball is a dumplings
Matzo balls are Jewish dumplings typically served with chicken soup.
Matzo balls are more dependent on egg yolks and fat for their cohesiveness.
A matzoh ball is a dumplings
Matzoh balls are one of the culinary mysteries of the universe.
Maughold head is an abrupt promontory terminated by a bold cliff.
A mauler is a fighter
Maulers are very common and can be picked up just about anywhere.
Maupin soils are on mesas or plateaus.
Maupin soils have a duripan and are fine-loamy.
Mauritania is part of Africa.
Mauritania isa thing.
Many Mauritanian traders live in The Gambia.
Mauritian authorities are very strict in monitoring contents of certificates of origin.
Mauritian law is an amalgam of French and British legal traditions.
Mauritian roads range from smooth to potholed and pavement-free.
Mauritius isa thing.
Mausered seams are more durable than blindstitched but are difficult to seal.
A mausoleum is a chamber
A mausoleum is a tomb
Mausoleums are airtight.
Mausoleums are especially popular in certain regions of North America.
Mausoleums are memorials.
Mausoleums become affordable housing in a neighborhood graphically named the City of the Dead.
Mausoleums offer an enduring peace of mind that the sanctity of the deceased is fully protected.
Mausoleums provide the most complete and secure protection.
Mausoleums vary greatly in size and design and are often found on cemetery grounds.
A maven is an expert
Mavens are also very important.
Mavens are artificial satellites.
Mavens are people who know lots of stuff rather than lots of people.
Mavens are the people who have specialized knowledge.
Maverick County offers fine deer and game bird hunting.
A maverick is a calf
Mavericks actually advance in playoffs.
Mavericks are bands.
Mavericks are calfs.
Mavericks are camera-guided missiles used against convoys and a wide array of fortified targets.
Mavericks are nonconformists.
Mavericks are the best garden tractor around.
Mavericks are the result of serious anglers designing shallow water skiffs for serious anglers.
Mavericks can seriously destroy a lightly defended base.
Mavericks find the situation amusing, but team players are at a loss.
Mavericks inaugate new and revolutionary institutions and there are no schools for mavericks.
Mavericks is a robust American amber ale with rich malt and fresh hops in perfect balance.
Mavericks is alive and biting.
Mavericks is by far the best in the morning , before the sun swings out over the horizon.
Mavericks oust 'Cats No.
Mavericks post their largest win margin of the season.
Mavericks provide a remarkable amount of cushioning and support for such a low volume shoe.
Mavericks shock No.
Mavericks still belongs to the paddle surfer.
Mavericks typically hog resources.
Mavis also recommends practice sessions and rest breaks, as well as ergonomic tips.
Mavis burst into tears.
Maw lam is difficult to translate but means something like 'master, or priest, of dance'.
Max power is developed when velocity and force are very high with relatively short duration of lift.
A max is a club drug
Max darts about, running after prey, then stopping to eat.
Max isa drug.
Max look for both women.
Max moves very fast and is an average jumper.
Max nods again and starts to stride out the door.
Max throws in with Logan, and the game is afoot.
Maxs are companies.
Maxs are magazines.
Maxs are software.
A maxilla is a jaw
Maxilla reach back beneath rear of eye.
Maxillary bones are absent.
Maxillary bones are present and usually well developed.
Maxillary bones are present and well developed.
Maxillary branches go to the upper jaw.
Maxillary growth is slower, but similar to the tongue.
Maxillary lobes are posterior to and lateral of the mandibular lobes.
Maxillary molars have two buccal cusps and two lingual cusps.
Maxillary process grows medially and overrides the paraxial mesoderm of the nasolacrimal process.
Maxillary prominences begin the formation of the upper jaw.
A maxillary sinus is a sinus
Maxillary sinus continues pneumatization throughout life.
Maxillary sinus polyps secondary to dental extraction.
Maxillary sinuses are sinuses.
Maxillary sinuses makes pain in the upper teeth and cheek, and sometimes eye pain as well.
Maxillary sinusitis can result from a dental infection.
Maxillary sinusitis causes pain in the maxillary area, toothache, and frontal headache.
Maxillary sinusitis causes pain over the cheeks just below the eyes, toothache, and headache.
Maxillary sinusitis produces pain and tenderness over the cheeks.
Maxillary teeth grow and erupt at a slightly slower rate.
Maxillofacial region involves the viscerocranium and visceral neck.
Maxillofacial surgery deals with abnormalities, deformities, and dysfunctions in the face and jaw.
Maxim dares to be very dumb.
Maxim is expression
Maxim is sayings.
Maxim markets itself as The best thing to happen to men since women .
Maxim reserves the right to change the circuitry and specifications without notice.
Maxim reviews both the circuit design and layout.
Maxim strides to the edge of the stage, and stares into the night with crazy white eyes.
Maxim strikes again.
Maxims are the result of experience.
Maxims prevent the abuse of power.
Maxims promote fairness without which justice is impossible.
Maxims reflect nuances of the situation.
Maxims subtly reflect the cultural atmosphere of a given community or period in history.
Maxims thus provide a crucial form of pastoral guidance and insight.
Many Maxims continue to serve Cape area departments today.
Maximal effectiveness depends on uniform shallow overland flow.
Maximal effectiveness is acheived with the leg above the heart.
Maximal excellence is instantiated in every possible world.
Maximal expression is attained in early stationary phase cells grown in rich medium.
Maximal growth requires exquisite attention in balances of all nutrients.
Any maximal ideal is primitive, and any primitive ideal is prime.
Maximal inhalation is used for emergency situations.
Maximal lymph flow in the ovine fetus.
Maximal oxygen uptake in athletes.
Maximal oxygen uptake The highest rate of oxygen consumption of which a person is capable.
Maximal proportionality is an axiom.
Maximal responses provide a good starting point for mechanistic studies.
Maximal tenderness is usually in the midepigastric region.
Maximal tumescence is where the sexual skin is fully distended.
Maximal voltage is current voltage.
Maximilian sunflower is a desirable range plant that is palatable and nutritious for livestock.
Maximization gives the same result if is maximized.
Maximization is a classic calculus problem.
Maximization is a goal never fully achieved.
Maximization is an increase
Maximization is increases.
Maximization is search.
Maximization is the default.
Maximum absorption is achieved by particles that are ionic and water-soluble.
Maximum absorption is obtained from multiple small doses throughout the day.
Maximum accessibility is optimized with fluid flow through the material.
Maximum accessibility is the new reality and it counts for more and more in business.
Maximum accrual is twice the annual accrual.
Maximum accruals are also pro-rated.
Maximum accumulation is infinite.
Maximum accuracy is obtained by using full resolution images.
Maximum accuracy is obtained running detect on full resolution images.
Maximum activity is achieved in several ways.
Maximum activity limits.
Maximum activity occurs early in the morning or in late afternoon.
Maximum adjustment is reduced by machine foot thickness.
Maximum age is seven years, but most live for four years.
Maximum ages are thought to be lowest in the south and highest in the north.
Maximum airflow is achieved with a built in air dam.
Maximum amount is cost of attendance minus any other aid received.
Maximum amount is the cost of education less other aid received.
Maximum annual temperature reaches critical levels.
Maximum area is two acres.
Maximum attendance is capped at fifty young persons.
Maximum attendance is limited by the size of the room.
Maximum autonomy is retained for the local-level democracy.
Maximum award is approx.
Maximum award is based in part on enrollment status and length of enrollment.
Maximum award is the resident tuition rate for a three-credit undergraduate course.
Maximum award is tuition and fees.
Maximum award varies from tribe to tribe.
Maximum awards cover tuition for five courses per term for four terms of study.
Maximum awards vary with district size.
Maximum awards vary yearly.
Maximum backstay puts the bridle blocks about level with the stem pulpit.
Maximum bandwidth is critical.
Maximum benefit comes from steady use of the techniques.
Maximum benefit is gained with a properly carbureted bike.
Maximum benefit is limited to percentage of capital investment in fixed assets.
Maximum benefit is realized from regular use of at least once per week throughout the year.
Maximum benefit is with daily usage fo the products.
Maximum benefit requires thorough and uniform application to dry foliage before pest damage occurs.
Maximum benefits are available only with selected panel doctors.
Maximum benefits are too low.
Maximum benefits are two months per condition.
Maximum benefits come from using the two approaches in combination.
Maximum benefits vary from province to province.
Maximum bet is five coins.
Maximum bet is one dollar.
Maximum bet is three coins.
Maximum bids are simply a convenience to our Buyers.
Maximum capacity achieve in traffic scheduling features.
Maximum capacity is a family of four people.
Maximum capacity is a family of six people.
Maximum capacity is a family of three people.
Maximum capacity is a family of two people.
Maximum capacity is achieved by using all the available raster values.
Maximum capacity is eight people.
Maximum capacity is eight.
Maximum capacity is five people, less if the boat is loaded with camping equipment.
Maximum capacity is four guests.
Maximum capacity is four people.
Maximum capacity is four.
Maximum capacity is six persons.
Maximum capacity is ten persons.
Maximum capacity is thirty two people per trip.
Maximum capacity is three adults or four persons at one time.
Maximum care is taken with every bottle.
Maximum certainty is required, despite the considerable risk of confusion.
Maximum challenge is balanced by maximum support, with plenty of training opportunities.
Maximum characters are variable for each field.
Maximum children present at one time in the child care setting.
Maximum choices recognize that sin is progressive.
Maximum cliques attempt to encapsulate as much of the partition data as possible.
Maximum cohesiveness takes place when mositure conditions are moderate.
Maximum color is in summer when fruit matures.
Maximum comfort handle.
Maximum comfort is achieved with flat back spindles and contoured seat.
Maximum comfort is assured with curved back and contoured seat.
Maximum communication ensures rigorous quality control and rapid response to any request.
Maximum concentration is in the collection area to create high returns for clients.
Maximum concentrations occur around noon hour.
Maximum conductivity is maintained through sturdy copper-alloy working parts.
Maximum contact pressure is generated by incidents.
Maximum contact pressure is generated by projectile incidents.
Maximum contract is one year.
Maximum contributions vary by state.
Maximum control means maximum fun.
Maximum cost is yet to be determined.
Maximum coupling is imperative.
Maximum coupling occurs when the two channel guides are aligned.
Maximum coverage is shown in the table.
Maximum credit is five semester hours.
Maximum credit is four units.
Maximum credit is open only to students who are enrolled in the complete program.
Maximum credit is per student.
Maximum credit is possible only if the reports are on time.
Maximum credit is six hours.
Maximum credit is three hours.
Maximum credit is two hours, the actual amount conditional on the hour-burden of the internship.
Maximum credit requires a six-month internship in addition to a report and final examination.
Maximum credits vary for graduates based upon individual program.
Maximum delay is one hour.
Maximum density occurs on the dead coral slabs covered with small algae, diatoms and foraminiferans.
Maximum depth achieved is dependent upon system configuration.
Maximum depth is determined by which model sonar is used and the power output of that sonar.
Maximum depth varies.
Maximum detail is seen when there are shadows.
Maximum difficulty is achieved when only one correct combination exists.
Maximum discount applies to each offer.
Maximum discount applies.
Maximum displacement occurs at fault centers and tapers to zero at the tips.
Maximum distance depends upon the type of fiber being used.
Maximum distance is a region-dependent due to frequencies and rain fading.
Maximum dollar amounts per term apply.
Maximum dosage used is severely limited.
Maximum duration is six years.
Maximum effectiveness is achieved by combining appropriate control methods.
Maximum effectiveness is achieved through continuous learning resulting in continuous improvement.
Maximum effectiveness requires and unhurried pace.
Maximum effectiveness requires balance.
Maximum efficacy is achieved when everybody is told exactly what to do.
Maximum efficacy refers to the dosage at which the response curve plateaus.
Maximum efficiency comes from the use of switched hubs and an over-engineered network capacity.
Maximum efficiency is a goal of every business.
Maximum efficiency is achieved when research is scheduled in blocks of four hours.
Maximum efficiency is achieved when they are the same size, but the bandwidth is also the smallest.
Maximum efficiency is achieved when they are the same size, but the bandwidth is decreased.
Maximum efficiency is obtained in serum-free medium.
Maximum efficiency is obtained when stovepipes are as short and as straight as possible.
Maximum efficiency means lower costs and more affordability of crucial services.
Maximum effort is made to ensure compatibility between the family and the student.
Maximum effort is made to ensure that the site is up to date.
Maximum effort is made, but a minimum amount of air is obtained.
Maximum effort is pledged to excellence.
Maximum effort is required, and improvement in skills is apparent.
Maximum effort pays off for mini dog.
Maximum effort produces maximum growth, all other factors being equal.
Maximum egg laying occurs at dusk.
Maximum elevation is sixty feet.
Maximum eligibility equals the amount of the cost of attendance minus other financial aid.
Maximum eligibility is determined by the cost of attendance minus any other financial aid.
Maximum eligibility is three years.
Maximum eligibility is total cost of education minus financial aid.
Maximum elongation corresponds to quadrature .
Maximum emphasis is placed on maintaining only one citizenship. . . . . .
Maximum emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of first sergeant duties.
Maximum emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of historian duties.
Maximum enrollment is eight students.
Maximum enrollment is four credit hours.
Maximum enrollment is seven.
Maximum enrollment is six credit hours.
Maximum enrollment is sixteen students.
Maximum enrollment is sixteen.
Maximum enrollment is twelve.
Maximum enrollment is twenty children per class with an early childhood teacher, and full-time aide.
Maximum enrollment is twenty.
Maximum entropy is found to be competitive with such ensembles.
Maximum entropy suppresses noise.
Maximum entries are promoter option.
Maximum estimates are five to eight times greater than minimum estimates.
Maximum exposure depends on sky darkness again.
Maximum exposure is given to the creative side of the child.
Maximum exposure is the goal.
Maximum exposure is the key to selling real estate.
Maximum exposure means a higher sales price in a shorter amount of time.
Maximum fee applies only for clinical, diagnostic cases from veterinarians and producers.
Maximum fee applies to practicing veterinarians, producers and pet owners.
Maximum fees apply only to regular fall and spring semesters.
Maximum feel is what forged wedges have always provided.
Maximum fill is determined by weighing the cylinder.
Maximum fine assessed is the cost of the material.
Maximum fine is a thousand bucks.
Maximum fine is five thousand dollars per offence.
Maximum fine is the replacement cost of the item.
Maximum fine is up to the retail value of the video, plus processing fees.
Maximum fines are five dollars per item.
Maximum fines are the list price of the item plus processing fee.
Maximum flexibility allows students to tailor programs to meet specific career objectives.
Maximum flexibility is achieved in use, configuration and systems distribution.
Maximum flexibility is obtained through the choice of available memory.
Maximum flexibility is offered by allowing students the option of full or part-time participation.
Maximum flexibility is provided by a dual interface.
Maximum flexibility is provided for implementation decisions.
Maximum flexibility is retained by the student.
Maximum flexibility is therefore desirable for dealing with future incursions.
Maximum flexibility meets real economy.
Maximum flow displays the overshoot flow rate before coming into control.
Maximum flow is ensured with minimal pressure drop across the flow path.
Maximum frequency is limited by the refractory period of the neuron.
Maximum funding is for twoyears for master's and three years for doctoralcandidates.
Maximum gloss is achieved through hot air drying.
Maximum grass demand coincides with maximum grass growth - reducing fertiliser inputs.
Maximum harvest is the reason for endangered fish.
Maximum height is desirable.
Maximum height is five feet.
Maximum height is usually six feet.
Maximum heights help control rotated cells .
Maximum hours proportionate to percent of the appointment.
Maximum hydration ensures a soft, supple, and more youthful looking skin.
Maximum hygiene is guaranteed with disposable sterile plastic needle guide bushes.
Maximum impact is made through a blend of information, entertainment, and inspiration.
Maximum intensity indicates the brightness of the center of the illuminated area.
Maximum intensity is black and minumum intensity is white.
Maximum interest is nine percent.
Maximum investment is subject to State regulation.
Maximum isolation is achieved by selecting keys with a unique input and output.
Maximum kill is attained in a week or less.
Maximum layers measured is five.
Maximum legibility results from the use of black text against white or cream-colored backgrounds.
Maximum length is eight pages.
Maximum length is fifteen pages including appendices, references, figures, and tables.
Maximum length is five lines, or four sentences.
Maximum length is five typed pages.
Maximum length is five typewritten double-spaced pages.
Maximum length is four printed pages, including one or two figures.
Maximum length is over eight feet, but average is four feet.
Maximum length is six pages.
Maximum length is three pages for each essay .
Maximum length is three pages.
Maximum length is three typed pages.
Maximum length is two pages.
Maximum levels are more that twice as high as the federal standard for healthful air.
Maximum life is obtained when they are applied as wear parts in pumps moving clean media.
Maximum lifespan is the age at death for the longest-lived individual of a species.
Maximum lifetime is obtained when a sealed lead acid battery is permanently float charged.
Maximum lift is attained when the dial indicator changes direction.
Maximum lift is attained when the dial indicator starts to change direction.
Maximum light is available in summer, declines in autumn, and reaches a minimum in winter.
Maximum light occurs when the companion star is directly behind the pulsar.
Maximum likelihood approaches to variance component estimation and related problems.
Maximum likelihood approaches to variance component estimation and to related problems .
Maximum likelihood comes in a variety of flavors, even with just the multivariate normal case.
Maximum likelihood has a strong statistical foundation.
Maximum likelihood is the method of choice in the case of small sets of input data.
Maximum likelihood leads to systematic errors that favor lower variance.
Maximum likelihood offers a range of possible models of uncertainty.
Maximum limit is half the total expenses of the convention.
Maximum limit is three similar product lines.
Maximum load is as specified by the manufacturer for the version tested.
Maximum load is the highest sales fee for purchasing shares.
Maximum longevity is about three years.
Maximum loss is limited to the premium amount.
Maximum loss is the difference in strikes less the net credit.
Maximum loss is the strike less the premium.
Maximum loss is unlimited.
Maximum negativity is reached when the solid angles are equal.
Maximum niche overcomes less than modest design.
Maximum number is ten.
Maximum numbers are firm.
Maximum numbers are per domain.
Maximum nutrition is sent to the cells, making our cells healthier and our organs stronger.
Maximum occupancy is four adults.
Maximum occupancy is four and there is a two-night minimum stay.
Maximum occupancy is four people per room.
Maximum occupancy is four person per room.
Maximum occupancy is four persons per house.
Maximum occupancy is four persons per room.
Maximum occupancy is four persons.
Maximum occupancy is four.
Maximum occupancy is one person per room.
Maximum occupancy is seven.
Maximum occupancy is six adults.
Maximum occupancy is six guests.
Maximum occupancy is six persons.
Maximum occupancy is six.
Maximum occupancy is stated in the booklet and on the property information sheet.
Maximum occupancy is ten people.
Maximum occupancy is three adults in one room.
Maximum occupancy is three adults.
Maximum occupancy is three and children are discouraged.
Maximum occupancy is three persons.
Maximum occupancy is two adults.
Maximum occupancy is two guests per bedroom.
Maximum occupancy is two people per bedroom.
Maximum occupancy is two people per room.
Maximum occupancy is two people.
Maximum occupancy is two persons per room.
Maximum occupancy is two persons.
Maximum occupancy is two.
Maximum occurrence is in august.
Maximum openness is vital.
Maximum opportunity is given for discussion.
Maximum packet thresholds.
Maximum parsimony is perhaps the most popular method for reconstructing ancestral relationships.
Maximum parsimony is the most popular method for reconstructing ancestral relationships.
Maximum parsimony uses only the relevant sites.
Maximum participation is always a high priority.
Maximum participation is encouraged.
Maximum participation is key for success in both processes.
Maximum participation is sought for.
Maximum participation is the main thing.
Maximum payment is based on the Soil Rental Rates.
Maximum penalties are to be applied if the perpetrators are health professionals.
Maximum penalty is five years imprisonment.
Maximum penalty is the total weight of the catch.
Maximum penetration is ensured by the pre-aligned tip and vented blades.
Maximum performance is in the most humid part of summer.
Maximum period varies depending on the type of business.
Maximum photosynthesis takes places.
Most maximum photosynthesis takes places.
Maximum points are left column, half credit is right column.
Maximum portability is achieved by interpreted languages.
Maximum power is directed towards the horizon.
Maximum power is five watts.
Maximum power is measured by connecting the power take-off to a dynamometer.
Maximum power is measured on straight, level sections of the test course.
Maximum power is required only at the point of impact.
Maximum power is transferred when the array is packed as densely as possible.
Maximum power requires maximum enrichment.
Maximum precaution is taken to protect the general public, employees and other animals.
Maximum precipitation is during the growing season.
Maximum precipitation is from late in spring through autumn.
Maximum precipitation is from midspring through early autumn.
Maximum precipitation is from midspring to midautumn.
Maximum precipitation is in midsummer, and the minimum is in autumn.
Maximum precipitation is in midwinter and early in spring, and the minimum is in autumn.
Maximum precipitation is in midwinter and in midsummer, and the minimum is in autumn.
Maximum precipitation is in spring and early in summer, and the minimum is in midsummer.
Maximum precipitation is in spring and early in summer.
Maximum precipitation is in spring and in autumn.
Maximum precipitation is in spring and in fall, and the minimum is in midsummer.
Maximum precipitation is in spring and in fall.
Maximum precipitation is in spring and in summer, and the minimum is in fall.
Maximum precipitation is in spring and the minimum in winter.
Maximum precipitation is in spring, and the minimum is in winter.
Maximum precipitation is in summer, and the minimum is in autumn.
Maximum precipitation is in summer, and the minimum is in winter and late in autumn.
Maximum precipitation is in summer, and the minimum is late in autumn and in winter.
Maximum precipitation is in summer.
Maximum precipitation is in winter and early in spring, and the minimum is in fall.
Maximum precipitation is in winter and in spring, and the minimum is in summer and in autumn.
Maximum precipitation occurs during the spring and summer seasons.
Maximum precipitation occurs during the summer months.
Maximum precipitation occurs in the summer and the minimum is in winter.
Maximum pressure depends on tire size and rating.
Maximum pressure generated by pump is too high for glass or plastic syringes.
Maximum pressure is exerted when the heart contracts and pumps blood into the arteries .
Maximum pressure is vital to change their policies.
Maximum privacy is assured.
Maximum production requires, among other things, minimal exposure to disease-causing organisms.
Maximum productivity is obtained by having fun.
Maximum profit comes from low cost gain on forage.
Maximum profit indicates that the public is getting the maximum net benefit out of the forest.
Maximum projections find the brightest points in the image stack.
Maximum protection is needed on the north and west sides.
Maximum pull exerted on the ring by the surface is measured .
Maximum pull exerted on the ring by the surface is measured.
Maximum punishment is dishonorable discharge and confinement for one year.
Maximum punishment is no more than one year.
Maximum quality is the goal, every step of the way.
Maximum radiation is in the direction of the long axis of the antenna and away from the rear plate.
Maximum range is achieved through a highly efficient engine, aerodynamics and fuel loading.
Maximum rate depends on crop.
Maximum rates are observable over less than one hemisphere in any given year.
Maximum ratings are package dependent.
Maximum records limits size of the result set.
Maximum registration is two per person.
Maximum reimbursement applies.
Maximum relief is the height difference between the highest and lowest points on a map.
Maximum renewal is four consecutive semesters.
Maximum rents change yearly.
Maximum resolution is obtained using uniform weighting, and no taper.
Maximum resolution is one of the most important ratings of a digital camera.
Maximum retention is obtained with multiple ball clasps both on the upper and lower arch.
Maximum roster is four players.
Maximum safety comes from an adjustable two way restraining belt.
Maximum safety is assured using our plastic lined piping systems.
Maximum safety requires that the visible ground be in place while the visible break is achieved.
Maximum salaries apply only to the regular school day and school year.
Maximum savings vary by length of cruise.
Maximum scalability equals maximum business effectiveness.
Maximum score is a nonparametric approach to estimation which is based on a prediction rule instead.
Maximum security exists concerning the subject of UFOs.
Maximum security inmates up to four hours per week , excluding holidays.
Maximum security is required to provide early warning and reaction time for the squadron.
Maximum sensitivity is achieved in completely white, high quality plates.
Maximum sensitivity occurs in darker conditions, when the eye is fully dark-adapted.
Maximum sensitivity requires minimum compliance of cuff bladder.
Maximum setting gives best results.
Maximum sharpness is employed.
Maximum sharpness is ensured by using the lens nearly wide open.
Maximum shift feel and pressure rise.
Maximum sight returns in about three months.
Maximum size based on volume of melt available is left to be determined as a course activity.
Maximum size is determined by the security s weight in the benchmark.
Maximum size reflects the most current research on the benefits of small schools.
Maximum sizes are one gauge of the range of variation in a species, and can aid in identification.
Maximum skills transfer to clients.
Maximum speed assumes optimal line condition and equipment.
Maximum speed is approx.
Maximum speed is determined by the type of modem attached to the line.
Maximum speed is fifteen cases per minute.
Maximum speed is maybe only of an ordinary kayak.
Maximum speed is represented.
Maximum speed is self-regulating, regenerative braking is possible.
Maximum speed is the most important quality to develop on a regular basis.
Maximum speed varies, and is dependant on a variety of factors.
Maximum speeds occur near the surface and along the centerline of the glacier.
Maximum stakes are among the highest ones in Europe.
Maximum stay is a month.
Maximum stay is as per the published fare purchased.
Maximum stay is determined by availability of other, better resources.
Maximum stay is nine months.
Maximum stay is one month.
Maximum stay is one week.
Maximum stay is seven days.
Maximum stay is seven nights.
Maximum stay is six months from the date of commencement of travel of the first sector.
Maximum stay is three days and two nights.
Maximum stay is three days.
Maximum stay is Three Months.
Maximum stay is three nights per year.
Maximum stay is three nights.
Maximum stay is three weeks.
Maximum stay is two weeks.
Maximum stay is two years.
Maximum stay permitted is one or three months dependant on the route.
Maximum students is six.
Maximum students is three.
Maximum success is achieved in steps.
Maximum sun altitudes for selected latitudes during the two solstices and equinoxes.
Maximum support is mandated in order to avoid warranty discrepancies and premature tire failure.
Maximum temperature varies among regions.
Maximum temperatures occur north of the equator, and minimum values are found in the polar regions.
Most maximum temperature varies among regions.
Maximum tenure is four years, with a course in American history a requisite.
Maximum term does vary.
Maximum term is fifteen years.
Maximum term is limited by the amount borrowed.
Maximum term is the lesser of two years or the life of the contract or purchase order.
Maximum term varies dependent on the loan product it is protecting.
Maximum thickness depends on the type of material.
Maximum thickness is reached upon cooling.
Maximum threads is the maximum number of threads the server uses to answer requests.
Maximum throughput is assured to the full port speed.
Maximum time allowable from enrollment to graduation, including leaves of absence, is five years.
Maximum time allows is five minutes.
Maximum time is four minutes.
Maximum time is spent on student activities, labs, and research.
Maximum time is ten minutes including introduction.
Maximum time is ten minutes.
Maximum time is two hours.
Maximum time seems to be on the order of an hour or two.
Maximum torque depends on gearhead choice .
Maximum torque depends on gearhead choice.
Maximum traction insures minimal brake distance and skidding.
Maximum transpiration occurs neither when the soil is too dry nor when it is too moist.
Maximum tumor debulking at surgery is critical.
Maximum units are four per semester or a total of sixteen.
Maximum uptime is vital for the success of an electronic exchange.
Maximum usability is the key to success.
Maximum usage is for eight semesters.
Maximum use is made of adjunct faculty selected from local labor relations professionals.
Maximum use is made of audiovisual aids.
Maximum use is made of drop-lists to speed data entry and ensure uniformity.
Maximum use is made of each student's knowledge, experience, and ways of learning.
Maximum use is made of existing unit tooling to minimize modification and repair cost.
Maximum use is made of local resources.
Maximum use is made of outstanding sires.
Maximum use is made of overhead space, at the same time freeing valuable floor space.
Maximum use is made of plug in module assemblies.
Maximum use is made of roughage type diets.
Maximum use is made of the existing infrastructure, and maximum profit is the result.
Maximum use is made of the native fonts to reduce the net transfer time.
Maximum use is one hour per day.
Maximum user is willing to pay for use of object.
Maximum vacuum indicates optimum engine performance.
Maximum vacuum is preferred for vacuum dehydration.
Maximum values annealing between primers are able to be set by the user.
Maximum viscosity given above are approximate numbers.
Maximum visits allow with customized warning limit.
Maximum visits are one hour in duration.
Maximum wagers can exceed several hundred thousand dollars.
Maximum weakness occurs during the first year in two-thirds of patients.
Maximum wealth is created by efficient exchanges.
Maximum weight includes the combined weight of passengers, gear and motors.
Maximum width is just above the stem, which is often also the area of maximum thickness.
Maximum winds run still higher in typhoons.
Some maximum wind occurs within areas.
Maximum windows have glass on both sides, so they resist scratching.
Maximum yield is determined by the fertility available in the earliest stages of crop development.
Maximum yields harvested in a minimum number of trips across the field is economically advantageous.
Maximum is a peak
Maximum is car models.
Maximum is limits.
Maximum is software.
Maximums do apply depending on grad.
Maximums remain low in many states.
A maxwell is magnetic flux
Maxwell isa quantity.
Maxwells have over thirty five years experience in the Irish property market.
A may is a haw
May isa hawthorn.
Mays also plans on the usual slow periods at the holidays and in the summer.
Mays are months.
Mays brings extensive corporate management experience to the board.
Mays have (part) cell membranes.
Mays have (part) cells.
Mays have (part) corpi.
Mays have (part) cytoplasm.
Mays have (part) nuclei.
Mays have (part) plasma membranes.
Mays have (part) sections.
Mays have (part) vacuoles.
Mays have (part) xylem.
Mays promptly lines a shot into the right-center gap.
Mays still is a hero.
Mays takes care to credit Exhibit Works of Livonia, which actually built the display.
Some mays have wings.
Mayan ancestors find each other.
Mayan cities have different characteristics.
Mayan culture is still prevalent in Mexico today.
Most Mayan families work in agriculture and live in small villages.
Mayan history is divided into three periods.
Mayan iconography is the study of the meaning of the paintings and sculpture.
Mayan language is tied closely to their art.
Mayan men tend to wear western clothes.
Many Mayan organizations consider natural biological diversity as important as human diversity.
Mayan Planks nail down to any level, clean, dry and sound wood subfloor.
Mayan pyramids are easy to climb, even with their steep crumbling stairs.
Mayan ruins are close by, and hiking, canoeing, horseback riding and guided trips are available.
Every Mayan town has a unique style of dress including distinctive patterns and color combinations.
Mayan women are much more faithful to tradition but they're up against competition.
Mayan women suffer from triple discrimination being women, indigenous and poor.
A mayapple is a herb
Mayapples are very obvious right now.
Mayapples do best in partial to full shade and thrive in rich, humus soil.
Mayberry citizens learn about the past.
Mayes is close enough to a town to be able to walk.
Mayes notes another common mistake made by hunters happen when they drag the deer out of the field.
Mayflower apartments are available for weekly or monthly rental by visiting international scholars.
Mayflower genealogy is fraught with problems.
Mayflower residents have the option of no board plan at all.
Mayflower rooms have semi-private baths, kitchens, carpet and separate study areas.
Some mayfly nymph has fish.
Some mayfly nymph has predator fish.
Many mayfly species swim below to lay eggs, and so offer wet-fly fishing.
A mayfly is an insect
Mayflies accumulate around lights, making roads, streets, sidewalks, etc. slippery and dangerous.
Mayflies also provide important clues to water quality.
Mayflies also tend to have more fine gills than caddis or stoneflies so are more sensitive.
Mayflies are about an inch or two long with paper-thin wings and big, beady eyes.
Mayflies are adults after they hatch.
Mayflies are also important food organisms for fish.
Mayflies are also on the water.
Mayflies are also very abundant in their habitat, providing food for many predators.
Mayflies are among the easiest aquatic insects to identify.
Mayflies are an important part of the diet for many species of fish.
Mayflies are aquatic animals that have amazing wings to fly with.
Mayflies are aquatic insects that coexist with trout and other fishes in Virginia's streams.
Mayflies are aquatic insects.
Mayflies are attracted to light.
Mayflies are categorized in several different ways, most starting with their method of locomotion.
Mayflies are common and important members of the benthic community in most streams.
Mayflies are common insects found in almost all freshwater habitats, as well as some brackish ones.
Mayflies are dependent upon clean water for their habitat.
Mayflies are extremely important in the aquatic food web.
Mayflies are insects that are aquatic as larvae and emerge as flying adults.
Mayflies are insects.
Mayflies are one of the most elegant of the species in the world of fly fishing.
Mayflies are really beautiful, being colored and having long wings.
Mayflies are the main source of food.
Mayflies are the most intolerant species of metals contaminated water.
Mayflies are the most primitive winged insects.
Mayflies are the only group of insects that molt after they have wings.
Mayflies are the only insects that molt after developing functional wings.
Mayflies are the only insects that molt after they are able to fly.
Mayflies are the only insects that molt after winged forms have been produced.
Mayflies are the only insects which molt once they reach the adult stage.
Mayflies are unique in having a pre-adult winged stage.
Mayflies are unique in having two winged stages, the subimago and imago.
Mayflies are unique in that they undergo a final moult after the wings have formed.
Mayflies are unique insects in that they have two adult stages.
Mayflies are used extensively as indicators of pollution and environmental change.
Mayflies become nuisances.
Mayflies begin their life underwater, burrowed into lake sediment.
Mayflies bring exciting surface action.
Mayflies come around for different seasons in each state .
Mayflies emerge as adults, mate, and lay their eggs in the space of about three days.
Mayflies enter stages.
Mayflies feed only as larvae.
Mayflies generally live where there is water.
Mayflies get their name from the springtime appearance of large numbers of the adult flies.
Mayflies hatch from eggs that are laid in ponds or rivers.
Mayflies have (part) air sacs.
Mayflies have (part) brains.
Mayflies have (part) carapaces.
Mayflies have (part) cell membranes.
Mayflies have (part) cells.
Mayflies have (part) corpi.
Mayflies have (part) cytoplasm.
Mayflies have (part) ears.
Mayflies have (part) faces.
Mayflies have (part) flight feathers.
Mayflies have (part) heads.
Mayflies have (part) nuclei.
Mayflies have (part) plasma membranes.
Mayflies have (part) quill feathers.
Mayflies have (part) sections.
Mayflies have (part) shells.
Mayflies have (part) skulls.
Mayflies have (part) thoraxes.
Mayflies have (part) vacuoles.
Mayflies have a large number of postembryonic molts.
Mayflies have a unique life history, throughout which they are preyed upon by trout.
Mayflies have a very interesting life cycle.
Mayflies have a very short but interesting life cycle.
Mayflies have an important ecological role.
Mayflies have characteristics.
Mayflies have compound eyes.
Mayflies have distinct and finite emergence periods, especially in temperate and arctic areas.
Mayflies have eyes.
Mayflies have fringed gills on their abdomen instead of finger-like gills.
Mayflies have front wings.
Mayflies have functions.
Mayflies have incomplete metamorphosis.
Mayflies have large compound eyes.
Mayflies have large forewings, small hindwings that are held together at rest over the body.
Mayflies have predators.
Mayflies have similarity.
Mayflies have the shortest lifespan on Earth.
Mayflies have thin bodies and long tails.
Mayflies have triangular wings.
Mayflies have two or three long, antenna-like appendages at the end of the abdomen.
Mayflies have very distinct characteristics.
Mayflies have wings.
Mayflies hold the wings together above their body when they are resting.
Mayflies inhabit all types of freshwater where the oxygen supply is good.
Mayflies lack a pupal stage in their development.
Mayflies Learn about their identification, life cycle and habits.
Mayflies live for only a few hours after they hatch.
Mayflies live in areas.
Mayflies live in every part of the world except the Arctic and Antarctic regions.
Mayflies live in same areas.
Mayflies live on land as adults, but are entirely aquatic as nymphs .
Mayflies mate in swarms and the females return to the lakes to lay their eggs.
Mayflies mature like lightning and die by day's end.
Mayflies molt after they hatch.
Mayflies multiply slower.
Mayflies only feed while they are in the stage of being nymphs.
Mayflies only have one set.
Mayflies pass the winter in the nymph state emerging as adults during spring and summer months.
Mayflies rise from the surface of the Mississippi River to mate a handful of times every summer.
Mayflies serve as food for many fishes and predaceous insects, such as dragonflies.
Mayflies spend a year awaiting their birth, and then most die after living just one day.
Mayflies spend most of their lifetime as nymphs.
Mayflies spend most of their lives in larval form.
Mayflies spend most of their lives in the water as eggs and larvae.
Mayflies start out as eggs in the mud of the river or lake, regardless of the species.
Mayflies swarm a few times each summer to mate and hatch.
Mayflies swarm in the air.
Mayfly isa insect.
Mayflies usually have feathery gills that are very sensitive to water pollution.
Many mayflies are intolerant of changes in water quality.
Most mayflies become nuisances.
Most mayflies enter stages.
Most mayflies have characteristics.
Most mayflies have compound eyes.
Most mayflies have eyes.
Most mayflies have front wings.
Most mayflies have functions.
Most mayflies have large compound eyes.
Most mayflies have predators.
Most mayflies have similarity.
Most mayflies have triangular wings.
Most mayflies have wings.
Most mayflies live in areas.
Most mayflies live in same areas.
Some mayflies eat phytoplankton.
Some mayflies emerge from yards.
Some mayflies emerge in stages.
Some mayflies go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Some mayflies go through metamorphosis.
Some mayflies live in patches.
Some mayflies perfer running water over still water.
Mayhaw seedlings are probably the best choice as a rootstock, especially in damp soils.
A mayhaw is a haw
Mayhaws appear to be initially graft-compatible with any hawthorne.
Mayhaws are hawthorns.
Mayhaws are less care native small trees with showy white blossoms and good fall leaf color.
Mayhaws have a tendency to produce an open canopy at maturity.
Mayonnaise contains lemon juice or other acid flavoring agents and salt.
Mayonnaise floats oil in vinegar.
Mayonnaise is a salad dressing
Mayonnaise is condiments.
Mayonnaise is dressings.
Mayonnaise is emulsion.
Mayonnaise is located in jars.
Mayonnaise is located in refrigerators.
Mayonnaise is sauces.
Mayonnaise is spread.
Mayonnaise isa sauce.
Mayonnaise tends to separate.
A mayor is a politician
A mayor is civil authority
Mayor isa individual.
Mayor isa person.
Mayor isa politician.
Mayor isa somebody.
Mayor isa someone.
Mayors actually have little say about what weapons their police departments buy.
Mayors are chosen democratically every four years by the canton's people.
Mayors are city officials.
Mayors are civil authority.
Mayors are executives.
Mayors are in charge of details pertaining to cities.
Mayors are located in cities.
Mayors are located in city halls.
Mayors are located in town halls.
Mayors are located in towns.
Mayors are military spouses elected by the community residents.
Mayors are officers.
Mayors are politicians.
Mayors are used for councils.
Mayors are used for direction.
Mayors are used for help.
Mayors are used for leadership.
Mayors can live wherever they want to anyway.
Mayors come and go.
Mayors come away from a workshop with greater confidence in their own innate design sense.
Mayors devise methods.
Mayors die of causes.
Mayors die of natural causes.
Mayors face lawsuit for gun owner group.
Mayors have (part) arms.
Mayors have (part) body substances.
Mayors have (part) cell membranes.
Mayors have (part) cells.
Mayors have (part) corpi.
Mayors have (part) cytoplasm.
Mayors have (part) heads.
Mayors have (part) human bodies.
Mayors have (part) legs.
Mayors have (part) material bodies.
Mayors have (part) necks.
Mayors have (part) nuclei.
Mayors have (part) personality.
Mayors have (part) plasma membranes.
Mayors have (part) sections.
Mayors have (part) vacuoles.
Mayors have an odd tendency to launch reforms late in their tenure.
Mayors have great influence on the physical environment of their cities.
Mayors know more about educating kids and creating jobs than any leaders in the country.
Mayors legally act as employers for all of the officials of the town hall.
Mayors manage nodes.
Mayors only vote on council matters to break a tie.
Mayors ought to take more responsibility for the schools.
Mayors report on current projects.
Mayors seek protection.
Most mayors devise methods.
Most mayors die of causes.
Most mayors die of natural causes.
Most mayors hate it.
Most mayors seek protection.
Some mayors face death.
Some mayors have problems.
Some mayors learn of death.
Some mayors leave town.
Some mayors see growth.
Some mayors suffer injuries.
Mayoral bill strengthens building inspection reuirements.
Mayoral elections are by supplementary vote.
Mayoral leadership assures attention to local details and is most consistent with home rule.
A maypole is a post
Maypoles seem so much more appropriate than do missiles aimed at the sky.
Maypoles sometimes stand as high as church steeples.
A maypop is a vine
Maypops enjoy well drained soils and a full to mostly sunny exposure.
Maytag engines are an excellent value where antique engines are concerned.
A maze is a system
Maze isa instrumentality.
Mazes are a feature for itself, found in almost all textual adventure games.
Mazes are a simple kind of puzzle , where persistence is more useful than skill.
Mazes are an excellent way to develop visual tracking skills.
Mazes are available for rent or purchase, with or without theme programs.
Mazes are complicated networks of paths and, usually, hedges - essentially giant puzzles.
Mazes are graphs - each box is a vertex and the openings for next moves are edges.
Mazes are like life.
Mazes are multicursal.
Mazes are popular.
Mazes are puzzles.
Mazes are systems.
Mazes are the traditional tool in assessing learning and memory performance.
Mazes can be on paper.
Mazes have (part) infrastructures.
Mazes have (part) sections.
Mazes have a connotation as well as a literal mathematical description.
Mazes have many paths, with dead ends and multiple destinations.
Mazes help creative minds to find innovative solutions to fun mind benders.
Mazes offer a choice of paths, some with many entrances and exits.
Mazes range from easy to difficult within each book.
All mazes are rolalty free for personal or public use.
Every maze has one and only one solution.
Every maze is a game within a game.
Every maze is different.
Every maze is unique and every maze has one and only one solution.
Every maze is unique, and contains one and only one solution.
Some mazes have tubes.
Some mazes make up of trays.
A mazer is a bowl
Mazer creates all types of mazes.
Mazer explores the delicate bond between two misfit kids living on their own in the woods.
Mazer explores the delicate bond between two misfit kids living on their own.
Mazers are bowls.
Mb upgrade is also available.
Mbendi information is most useful and interesting.
MBF referrals are adults of all ages and high school seniors.
Most MBone seminars have little remote participation.
Mcarthy heterosexuals picures clitor hair white asterbating hair wife shaven ss wife picures ss tit.
A mcg is a mass unit
A mcg is a metric
McG serves up visual flights of fancy that go in one eye and out the other.
McGill deadlines are a few days earlier.
McGill deadlines are five working days earlier.
McGill deadlines are three working days earlier.
MCHS students earn both high school and college credits in a personalized atmosphere.
MCHS students receive school credit for participation in the program.
MCHS team is quarter-finalist in the nation.
MCHS team is semi-finalist in Illinois.
MCIC newsletters are in bold .
McREL researchers review the factors that resulted in the content standards movement.
MCS cells divide asymmetrically.
MCS reactions are in some ways like allergy reactions.
MCS reactions are, in some ways, like allergy reactions.
MCS victims are highly susceptible to common chemicals.
MCSD certification is a well-known benchmark of programming expertise.
MCSD certification is also available.
MCSD certification is desired.
MCTM members are active in state, regional and national conferences.
MDTV technology permits the transmission of heart and lung sounds through electronic stethoscopes.
Mead is alcohol
Mead is alcoholic beverages.
Mead is brews.
Mead occurs naturally when honey is mixed with water and yeast.
Mead predates wine by many years, making it one of man's oldest fermented beverages.
Mead seeks to bypass that problem by making welfare the least attractive option.
Mead takes from several weeks to one year to produce, and derives benefits from aging.
Mead takes teaching position in Berlin Heights, Ohio.
Mead traces the genesis of the self through the play and game stages of childhood.
Some mead is provided for the toasts.
Meade are among the most active innovators.
Meadow Creek meanders through the woods along the entire southeastern portion of the park.
Some meadow katydids have cones.
Meadow Lake is one of the largest provincial parks in Saskatchewan.
Meadow Lake is one of the region's more mountainous courses with an ample supply of doglegs.
Meadow mice inhabit crop fields.
Meadow mice inhabit fields.
Most meadow mice inhabit crop fields.
Most meadow mice inhabit fields.
Meadow Valley is an environmentally friendly strata development on Thetis Island, British Columbia.
Meadow Valley properties.
Some meadow vipers feed on insects.
Meadow voles avoid areas.
Meadow voles dig burrows.
Meadow voles dig shallow burrows.
Meadow voles eat insects.
Meadow voles eat matter.
Meadow voles feed on fresh grass.
Meadow voles feed on grass.
Meadow voles form colonies.
Meadow voles form large colonies.
Meadow voles live in meadows.
Meadow voles reach maturity.
Meadow voles reach reproductive maturity.
Meadow voles use tunnels.
Meadow voles use underground tunnels.
Most meadow voles avoid areas.
Most meadow voles dig shallow burrows.
Most meadow voles eat insects.
Most meadow voles eat matter.
Most meadow voles feed on fresh grass.
Most meadow voles feed on grass.
Most meadow voles form large colonies.
Most meadow voles live in meadows.
Most meadow voles reach maturity.
Most meadow voles reach reproductive maturity.
Most meadow voles use tunnels.
Most meadow voles use underground tunnels.
Some meadow voles carry pathogen.
Some meadow voles destroy weeds.
Some meadow voles eat roots.
Some meadow voles have crucial roles.
Some meadow voles have distribution.
Some meadow voles have mouths.
Some meadow voles have roles.
Some meadow voles have senses.
Some meadow voles live for years.
Some meadow voles prefer grassland.
Some meadow voles prefer habitats.
A meadow is grassland
Meadow isa grassland.
Meadows also attract mammals ranging in size from field mice to deer.
Meadows also offers a wide variety of lesson packages to fulfill every family member's needs.
Meadows are better, shrub communities better still, and forests best of all.
Meadows are flat grassy lands usually found near rivers.
Meadows are fragile areas and all visitors are required to stay off the meadows .
Meadows are grassland.
Meadows are home to wood ducks, great blue herons, warbling vireos, warblers and black bears.
Meadows are located in countrysides.
Meadows are lows.
Meadows are merry.
Meadows are part of nature.
Meadows attract deer.
Meadows burst forth with flowers that nourish deer, birds, and butterflies.
Meadows contrast between wetlands, rock outcrops, heavy forests, and open grasslands.
Meadows emerge to delight the eye at nearly every turn.
Meadows have characteristics.
Meadows have diversity.
Meadows have ecological characteristics.
Meadows now has seven home runs on the season.
Meadows produce a profusion of wildflowers during the brief summer.
Meadows provide foraging habitats for birds and for mammals such as caribou, moose, and voles.
Meadows remain open grasslands because annual mowing keeps trees out.
Meadows turn emerald with lush growth and are dappled with wildflowers.
Meadows often open the forest, and rocky pinnacles and bluffs rise in numerous locations.
Most meadows attract deer.
Most meadows have characteristics.
Most meadows have diversity.
Most meadows have ecological characteristics.
Some meadows are dominated by grass.
Some meadows attract butterflies.
A meadowlark is an oriole
Meadowlark isa bird.
Meadowlarks are a year-round bird.
Meadowlarks are busy on land.
Meadowlarks are ground feeders.
Meadowlarks are ground nesters.
Meadowlarks are members of the blackbird family.
Meadowlarks are open-country birds.
Meadowlarks are relatively silent while they're nesting and caring for the young.
Meadowlarks choose mates.
Meadowlarks defend nest territory.
Meadowlarks defend territory.
Meadowlarks eat ants.
Meadowlarks eat seeds.
Meadowlarks have (part) air sacs.
Meadowlarks have (part) bird's feet.
Meadowlarks have (part) brains.
Meadowlarks have (part) breasts.
Meadowlarks have (part) cell membranes.
Meadowlarks have (part) cells.
Meadowlarks have (part) chest cavities.
Meadowlarks have (part) chests.
Meadowlarks have (part) corpi.
Meadowlarks have (part) cytoplasm.
Meadowlarks have (part) ears.
Meadowlarks have (part) faces.
Meadowlarks have (part) flight feathers.
Meadowlarks have (part) heads.
Meadowlarks have (part) lips.
Meadowlarks have (part) mouths.
Meadowlarks have (part) nuclei.
Meadowlarks have (part) plasma membranes.
Meadowlarks have (part) quill feathers.
Meadowlarks have (part) rib cages.
Meadowlarks have (part) second joints.
Meadowlarks have (part) sections.
Meadowlarks have (part) skulls.
Meadowlarks have (part) sterna.
Meadowlarks have (part) talons.
Meadowlarks have (part) vacuoles.
Meadowlarks have (part) wishbones.
Meadowlarks have breasts.
Meadowlarks have diets.
Meadowlarks have feathers.
Meadowlarks have mates.
Meadowlarks have songs.
Meadowlarks occupy areas.
Meadowlarks prefer mixed fields over fields of pure alfalfa.
Most meadowlarks choose mates.
Most meadowlarks defend nest territory.
Most meadowlarks defend territory.
Most meadowlarks eat ants.
Most meadowlarks eat seeds.
Most meadowlarks have breasts.
Most meadowlarks have diets.
Most meadowlarks have feathers.
Most meadowlarks have mates.
Most meadowlarks have songs.
Some meadowlarks become birds.
Some meadowlarks have status.
Some meadowlarks maintain territory.
Some meadowlarks use muscles.
Some meadowlarks use strong muscles.
Meager input equals meager flow, whereas greater input gives our lives greater flow.
Meal allowance is limited to the following maximums which include taxes and tips.
Meal base minimizes chance of rodents carrying the bait to sensitive areas.
Meal breaks are another particularly contentious issue.
Meal breaks are to be provided after a maximum of each six hours of work.
Meal delivery consists of the pick-up and delivery of food and drinks from restaurants around town.
Meal delivery expands to include Long Beach.
Meal equivalents are lunches plus an equivalent number of breakfast and a la carte sales.
Meal moths have tints.
Most meal moths have tints.
Meal offerings consist of a main course as well as salad, beverage and dessert bar.
Meal options include meals.
Meal package includes breakfast, lunch and dinner for the entire camp.
Meal package is required.
Meal planning are art.
Meal planning is easy with menus provided in each section along with nutritional needs.
Meal planning saves time and money.
Meal preparation is a breeze in the fully equipped kitchen.
All meal preparation is done in the client's home on a weekly, biweekly or monthly basis.
Meal regularity falls off among teens and adults, diabetes notwithstanding.
Meal reimbursement is derived from attendance according to the program regulations.
Meal reimbursement is restricted by both time of trip and mileage.
Meal replacements fill a specific dietary niche, but by no means are a complete source of nutrition.
Meal style is French cuisine prepared with fresh local produce.
A meal ticket is support
Meal tickets are also available.
Meal tickets are available for all other schedule functions.
Meal tickets are available for cafeteria meals.
Meal tickets are available in the cashier's office.
Meal tickets are available on a semester basis.
Meal tickets are available to off campus students and apartment residents.
Meal tickets are coupons.
Meal tickets are encouraged, and donations can be either cash or food stamps.
Meal tickets are limited.
Meal tickets are nontransferable.
Meal tickets are non-transferable.
Meal tickets are support.
Meal tickets are valid from the evening meal on the day before university registration.
Meal tickets begin with dinner.
Meal tickets coincide with the beginning of each semester.
Meal tickets end with lunch.
Meal time is a highlight for C shift firefighters.
Meal time is a time for loving and learning as well as eating.
Meal time is all important as well.
Meal time is family time in Italy.
Meal time is important.
Meal time is referred to as chow time.
Meal time is the one time that many children get individual attention.
Meal time is when people can relax with friends.
Meal timing is really important.
Meal vouchers are also available and reservations are required through group sales.
Meal vouchers are available for volunteers.
Meal worms are beetle larvae, and beetles are insects.
Meal worms are easy to find at most pet stores.
Meal worms are the larval stage of darkling beetles.
Meal worms become meal worms.
Meal worms become worms.
Meal worms can lure in bluebirds.
Most meal worms become meal worms.
Most meal worms become worms.
A meal is food
Meal borrow with little arrangement still intending pied piper of hamelin.
Meal can bridge in the feed hopper.
Meal choose behind the building neither whisper xxx pregnant.
Meal combines Asian flavours of ginger and curry with canned peaches and chicken.
Meal comes with soup or salad, potato, vegetables, roll, and a non-alcoholic beverage.
Meal complain through no anxiety attack symptom.
Meal consists of lobster, drawn butter, New Orleans French bread, baked potatoes and cole slaw.
Meal costs away from home overnight are also deductible.
Meal discover with many xxx sex book.
Meal ends with the usual clap-dings.
Meal find Examination of an worm upon no secretary.
Meal includes baked beans, potato salad, or coleslaw and a drink.
Meal includes baked potatoes, carmeled baby carrots and dessert.
Meal includes chips, condiments and vegetable tray.
Meal includes coffee, tea, and water.
Meal includes rolls, butter, fresh seasonal vegetable, coffee, tea and decaffeinated coffee.
Meal includes steak, corn on the cob, baked potato, salads and more.
Meal is a dine in or carry out.
Meal is consumed more slowly than pellets.
Meal is delivered to the client's home.
Meal is followed by live dance music from resident band.
Meal is free and provided by donations from the parish and the community.
Meal is included.
Meal is prepared and serviced by professional cook.
Meal is served downstairs.
Meal is served on board.
Meal is the ground up nuts.
Meal is the portion left after canola seed is crushed to remove the oil.
Meal isa nourishment.
Meal isa sustenance.
Meal laugh Eighteen underneath illustration underneath either ski sale that melted beyond one goods.
Meal lives Life under all fault since most meat.
Meal plans through campus dining services are available.
Meal rides for groups of seven or more.
Meal shows the kind of meal provided.
Meal skipping leads to overeating later.
Meal weigh Message above science onto a rutherford atom finally carries across a thread.
Meals aboard are an important part of the charter experience.
Meals add calories.
Meals add food.
Meals add up quickly on vacation.
Meals aid digestion.
Meals also come with pickles and onions and a bowl of beans and bread.
Meals also come with salads or a choice of Irish potato or minestrone soup or a thick steak chili.
Meals also stimulate the stomach to produce more acid that can reflux up into the esophagus.
Meals are a balanced diet and carefully measured.
Meals are a combination of home cooked and restaurant.
Meals are a delicious blend of traditional New England fare and innovative cuisine.
Meals are a delight in the fully-equipped garden.
Meals are a great opportunity to talk about the day's events, to unwind, reinforce, bond.
Meals are a great time for conversation.
Meals are a great time to talk about the day and bond.
Meals are a high point.
Meals are a highlight of every guest's stay.
Meals are a highlight of the experience, created by gourmet chefs over open pit fires.
Meals are a highlight.
Meals are a mix of Haitian and American foods.
Meals are a mix of Japanese and Western cuisine served in a buffet style.
Meals are a sacred time for speaking with family and friends.
Meals are a smorgasbord of seafood and shellfish and beef, pork and chicken.
Meals are a social occasion and a high point of the day is dinner in the boma around a glowing fire.
Meals are a time for learning, for socializing, and for practicing good food habits.
Meals are a time to appreciate good food, socialize, and spend time with family and friends.
Meals are a treat here with plenty of local seafood.
Meals are a treat since freshness is the keyword describing the rich offerings of the region.
Meals are a vehicle for indirect business references.
Meals are abundant and delicious highlighting local seafood cooked up fresh.
Meals are additional.
Meals are all first class.
Meals are all homemade and served in an open-air dining portico.
Meals are all-natural and have no artificial flavors, colors or preservatives.
Meals are almost always the dreaded time.
Meals are also available at the campus canteen on weekdays.
Meals are also available at the licensed dining room for an additional cost.
Meals are also available in inexpensive student cafeterias.
Meals are also available in resort areas.
Meals are also available in the cafeteria.
Meals are also available in the restaurant.
Meals are also available to non-resident guests on a cash basis.
Meals are also available.
Meals are always a high around here.
Meals are always a special time here.
Meals are always an event.
Meals are always at the same time.
Meals are always delicious, ranging from hearty regional faire to nouvelle cuisine.
Meals are always fresh and healthy, with something for everyone.
Meals are always hearty and wholesome.
Meals are always hot and delicous.
Meals are an additional expense.
Meals are an excellent opportunity to enjoy fellowship and friendly conversation.
Meals are an important part of an outfitters services.
Meals are an important part of family life in Argentina.
Meals are an important part of French leisure activity.
Meals are an integral part of the total conference experience.
Meals are artfully balanced and wild game is a house specialty.
Meals are as free from additives and fresh and wholesome as possible.
Meals are at a reduced cost.
Meals are at local restaurants and everybody eats together.
Meals are at lunch time during weekdays.
Meals are at the expense of the participant.
Meals are authentic and heavy, and include sausages, fried eggs, and toast.
Meals are authentic ethnic cuisine served family style.
Meals are available and delicious.
Meals are available and feature typically New Caledonian dishes.
Meals are available and served family-style in our main dining room.
Meals are available and there is also a laundry service and bicycle hire.
Meals are available at a reasonable cost through the many restaurants and food outlets on campus.
Meals are available at free and reduced costs for qualifying students.
Meals are available at lunch time, and in the evenings.
Meals are available at nearby Brooks Lodge.
Meals are available at no separate charge.
Meals are available at reasonable prices.
Meals are available at reasonable rates nearby.
Meals are available at several on-campus dining facilities on a cash basis.
Meals are available at the campus dining halls.
Meals are available at the casual meal rate at noon of the day halls are opened.
Meals are available at the dining hall.
Meals are available at the hospital.
Meals are available at the hostel.
Meals are available at the hostel's licensed bistro.
Meals are available at the hotel, pub and tea gardens.
Meals are available at the lodge, as are full packaged plans.
Meals are available at the village caf .
Meals are available at various locations throughout the park.
Meals are available both on and off campus.
Meals are available by reservations only in the main Lodge building.
Meals are available by reservations only.
Meals are available daily as well as activities for senior citizens.
Meals are available during normal opening times to all residents.
Meals are available five days per week, with provision for weekend meals if needed.
Meals are available for a nominal fee.
Meals are available for a week, a month or until no longer needed.
Meals are available for an additional fee.
Meals are available for both dine-in and carryout.
Meals are available for dinner upon request.
Meals are available for guests in a separate dining hut.
Meals are available for hotel guests only.
Meals are available for large or small groups with sufficient notice.
Meals are available for overnight guests at a small charge.
Meals are available for persons on special diets.
Meals are available for vegetarians.
Meals are available from the bar menu, along with a wide selection of beers, wines and spirits.
Meals are available if requested at booking time.
Meals are available in a subsidized cantina on campus.
Meals are available in all hotels.
Meals are available in both the formal restaurant and the bar.
Meals are available in cafeterias and restaurants near the campus.
Meals are available in individual or double-pack portions.
Meals are available in one of the campus cafeterias.
Meals are available in our on campus cafeteria.
Meals are available in our on-campus restaurant.
Meals are available in our restaurant.
Meals are available in residence hall cafeterias and food courts on a cash basis.
Meals are available in the adjacent student dining center.
Meals are available in the bar or dining room which specialises in homestyle kiwi meals.
Meals are available in the cafeteria free of charge when on call at some hospital sites.
Meals are available in the hospital cafeteria at a per item charge.
Meals are available in the hospital cafeteria at discount prices.
Meals are available in the hospital cafeteria.
Meals are available in the hotel restaurant.
Meals are available in the restaurant for campers if desired.
Meals are available in the Rim Village cafeteria.
Meals are available in the student cafeteria at cheap student rates .
Meals are available on a short or long term basis for a nominal fee.
Meals are available on base.
Meals are available on both a long and short- term basis.
Meals are available on both services.
Meals are available on campus for an additional charge.
Meals are available on campus on a cash basis within easy walking distance.
Meals are available on request.
Meals are available on the barge that day and the barge is docked right downtown.
Meals are available on the campus a few yards from the residence.
Meals are available on the property as an added convenience.
Meals are available only during scheduled programs.
Meals are available only for full day sails and longer.
Meals are available regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, or disabilities.
Meals are available through prior arrangement.
Meals are available to all employees.
Meals are available to all groups at camp.
Meals are available to students living in residence halls.
Meals are available to students on one of four meal plans or to people who pay for individual meals.
Meals are available too for children.
Meals are available upon early request.
Meals are available whenever the pub is open, and the restaurant is a non-smoking area.
Meals are available, as well as some free drinks.
Meals are available.
Meals are balanced and nutritious, with an emphasis on introducing children to a variety of foods.
Meals are bargain-priced, and there is usually a piano player or other entertainment.
Meals are basic, wholesome, camp-style foods.
Meals are basically vegetarian, although there are occasionally meat options.
Meals are basically vegetarian.
Meals are biblically kosher.
Meals are buffet style.
Meals are buffet-style and feature traditional Cuban and American cuisine, dessert and beverages.
Meals are buffet-style.
Meals are by arrangement.
Meals are by chopstick.
Meals are cafeteria style and include a salad bar.
Meals are cafeteria style.
Meals are cafeteria-style American food, except for the Indian banquet on the second night.
Meals are cafeteria-style in the former mess hall and are simple and basic fare.
Meals are cafeteria-style.
Meals are carefully prepared and served in cheerful dining rooms.
Meals are casual, delicious, and a great opportunity to sample West Indian cuisine.
Meals are cheap and usually ok.
Meals are cheap, generally good, and there's always a vegetarian option.
Meals are complimentary during a guest's stay.
Meals are convenient too.
Meals are cooked group commissary style under our direction.
Meals are copiously prepared in Senegal.
Meals are created by cooks.
Meals are created by ingredients.
Meals are delectable feasts, washed down with the best local wines.
Meals are delicious, and the dining room is bright and cheerful.
Meals are delicious, and usually fresh from the river.
Meals are delicious, beautifully presented in a relaxing atmosphere.
Meals are delicious, the classes are stimulating, the scenery is beautiful.
Meals are delicious.
Meals are different and chores are different each day.
Meals are easy to make ahead.
Meals are eclectic and wonderful, routinely served among china, crystal and linen.
Meals are edibles.
Meals are elegant affairs and are of an exceptionally high standard.
Meals are eucharistic.
Meals are events which feature fresh baked breads, farm raised fruit, vegetables and meats.
Meals are excellent and guided fishing is unlimited .
Meals are excellent times for telling stories.
Meals are excellent.
Meals are exceptional here, and are augmented by a cozy fireside bar and wine-tasting room.
Meals are exceptional.
Meals are exercises in stress management.
Meals are expensive.
Meals are extra, and non guests are welcome in the restaurant.
Meals are extra.
Meals are fairly inexpensive and the helpings plentiful.
Meals are family style and included in the cost.
Meals are family style and no alcohol is served.
Meals are family style, full of tasty food, good conversation, and good humor.
Meals are fantastic and famous.
Meals are fast, games are electronic, and comfort is key.
Meals are Fijian and continental, including dishes prepared with herbs and vegetables.
Meals are foodstuff.
Meals are free for one person, but accommodation for the spouse in the same room is free.
Meals are free to riders and crew.
Meals are free, but donations are requested.
Meals are frequent and each takes a few minutes.
Meals are fresh and cooked on site.
Meals are fresh, generous and varied.
Meals are freshly prepared on site by our guides.
Meals are from a select menu and are enjoyed in a charming, comfortable dining room.
Meals are full board, including wine and other drinks.
Meals are fun but messy.
Meals are generally available, along with self-catering facilities and food store close by.
Meals are generous and home cooked.
Meals are gifts.
Meals are good and plentiful.
Meals are gratis.
Meals are healthy and filling.
Meals are healthy and hearty under the bright sunshine and evening stars.
Meals are hearty and delicious with hot coffee always on hand.
Meals are hearty and filling at The Raven's Inn.
Meals are hearty and shared with the local kibbutzniks in the common dining room.
Meals are hearty and varied and incorporate traditional foods.
Meals are hearty, home cooked, and healthy.
Meals are hearty, home cooked, healthy and delicious.
Meals are hearty, plentiful and delicious.
Meals are hearty, ranch-style meals, generally cooked outdoors and in Dutch Ovens.
Meals are heavy on carbohydrates.
Meals are home cooked and wholesome.
Meals are home cooked.
Meals are home made and of a high standard.
Meals are home style cooking.
Meals are home-cooked and delicious, and the rooms comfortable and cozy.
Meals are home-cooked and relaxed.
Meals are home-cooked and served family style.
Meals are home-cooked and unlimited healthy snacks are available.
Meals are home-cooked using fresh produce, local berries and meats.
Meals are homemade in our farmhouse kitchen using fresh local produce.
Meals are homestyle and plentiful.
Meals are homestyle and there is plenty to choose from.
Meals are hot and tasty, straight from the lodge.
Meals are hot or cold prepared food.
Meals are in a dinning hall.
Meals are in a separate dining room, and there is a visitor's lounge.
Meals are in addition to dues.
Meals are in one seating, at assigned tables or open seating.
Meals are in one unhurried seating.
Meals are in the evening.
Meals are in the outfitters modern home with a nice cabin for hunters.
Meals are incidental to the meeting.
Meals are informal and allow for spontaneous conversations.
Meals are informal social occasions where guests and staff enjoy excellent traditional cuisine.
Meals are informal too.
Meals are informal.
Meals are integral to the culture of everyday Japan.
Meals are inventive and first-rate, served in a lush, outdoor garden patio.
Meals are limited.
Meals are local cuisine.
Meals are located in dinner.
Meals are located in planes.
Meals are located in plates.
Meals are low fat.
Meals are low in sugar and high in fiber and contain mostly unrefined foods.
Meals are low sodium and low fat.
Meals are mainly organic and very tasty.
Meals are mandatory.
Meals are meticulously prepared and presented.
Meals are more about culture and tradition than simply food or drink.
Meals are more appetizing when food has different textures, colors and temperatures.
Meals are more interesting, for everyone involved.
Meals are more than adequate and there are plenty of leftovers for the fish.
Meals are more traditional, all-American hamburgers, chicken and beef.
Meals are more well cooked.
Meals are mostly organic with a minimum of additives and preservatives.
Meals are mostly vegetarian and are eaten privately in one's own room or garden.
Meals are much larger and significantly more tasty and sophisticated than current alternatives.
Meals are much the same every day.
Meals are no problem, with a variety of restaurants, diners, and delis available.
Meals are no problem.
Meals are non-transferable.
Meals are nontransferable.
Meals are normally four course, with breakfast prepared to order.
Meals are normally self-service but formal dinners are held at intervals.
Meals are nutritionally sound and designed to suit the tastes and preferences of the students.
Meals are nutritious and attractively served.
Meals are nutritious and delicious vegetarian fare.
Meals are nutritious and well-balanced.
Meals are nutritious, tasty, tailored to individual nutritional requirements.
Meals are nutritous and generous.
Meals are occasions.
Meals are of high restaurant quality.
Meals are of the Chinese cuisine.
Meals are of the finest, freshest seafood and western cuisine.
Meals are off to a good start with a paper-wrapped loaf of crusty bread.
Meals are often a part of on-site interviews.
Meals are often buffet-style and mostly vegetarian.
Meals are often of three or four courses and can be overwhelming.
Meals are often part of a second interview.
Meals are often starchy-potatoes, noodles, and corn are served together.
Meals are on schedule.
Meals are on the local economy.
Meals are one of the more interesting parts about living in Thailand.
Meals are open only to residents, and meal hours are fixed.
Meals are optional and all prices include sales tax.
Meals are optional for campsite registration.
Meals are optional in all lodging categories.
Meals are optional.
Meals are otherwise available at the door on a daily basis at set prices for adults and children.
Meals are perfect settings for more detailed discussions with a networking partner or exhibitor.
Meals are plentiful and delicious.
Meals are plentiful and served informally.
Meals are plentiful, and tasty with heart-healthy and vegetarian options always available.
Meals are plentiful, wholesome, and delicious.
Meals are poorly prepared and barely eatable.
Meals are prepared according to the number that has been confirmed.
Meals are prepared and delivered by commercial caterers.
Meals are prepared and delivered by the county-run nursing home.
Meals are prepared and delivered to the homes.
Meals are prepared and delivered two weeks out of each year.
Meals are prepared and eaten aboard.
Meals are prepared and provided by the camp staff.
Meals are prepared and served by our experienced catering staff.
Meals are prepared and served by two professional cooks in a permanent dining room.
Meals are prepared and served in each cottage in an effort to create a family type environment.
Meals are prepared and served in the dining hall.
Meals are prepared and served in the main cabin.
Meals are prepared and served restaurant style.
Meals are prepared as they are ordered to ensure the quality and freshness of each selection.
Meals are prepared at home by the recipients.
Meals are prepared at the site and served five days a week.
Meals are prepared Bahamian style with seafood being our specialty.
Meals are prepared either by team members or by a local cook.
Meals are prepared for seniors to eat in the dining room or for home delivery.
Meals are prepared for the entire group.
Meals are prepared for the heartiest appetites, served family style, with a nice selection of wines.
Meals are prepared fresh daily and served in our dining lodge.
Meals are prepared from a seasonal organic garden, and naturally grown Oregon lamb and beef.
Meals are prepared from locally raised meats, fresh vegetables, homemade breads and desserts.
Meals are prepared in a central kitchen to reduce costs and provide sound nutrition.
Meals are prepared in a central kitchen.
Meals are prepared in a modern on sight kitchen and delivered to each housing unit.
Meals are prepared in a small kitchen and there are two bathrooms with showers to serve the group.
Meals are prepared in a spacious modern kitchen.
Meals are prepared in an open kitchen equipped with flame grill.
Meals are prepared in our kitchen from scratch using the finest ingredients possible.
Meals are prepared in our large country kitchen and served with care, family style.
Meals are prepared in our modern kitchen and served family style in the dining hall.
Meals are prepared in our own kitchens by the food service staff and are served in casual settings.
Meals are prepared in refugee centre and served in the central dining room.
Meals are prepared in restaurant and served in the camp dining room.
Meals are prepared in the cottage and enjoyed family style.
Meals are prepared in the hostel kitchen by an Indian cook.
Meals are prepared in the kitchen car and served to passengers at their seats.
Meals are prepared in the modern and fully equipped kitchen by qualified staff.
Meals are prepared in the residents' own apartments.
Meals are prepared on a grill over a fire or on a camp stove.
Meals are prepared on a monthly schedule.
Meals are prepared on a twice weekly cycle.
Meals are prepared on the hearth and in the brick oven.
Meals are prepared on the open hearth or cook stove and cottage industry abounds.
Meals are prepared over a roaring campfire and served under the Colorado stars.
Meals are prepared over an open fire by the chefs.
Meals are prepared over the open fire.
Meals are prepared to order by well-seasoned cooks.
Meals are prepared with care for health and only the finest ingredients are used.
Meals are prepared with careful attention to detail.
Meals are prepared with fresh fruits, vegetables, meat, and fish.
Meals are prepared with on fresh, organic whole foods.
Meals are prepared with the assistance of the clients and the quality is very good.
Meals are prepared, children groomed, and clothes washed here.
Meals are primarily vegan and vegetarian.
Meals are prix fixe, with many levels.
Meals are provided, medication is given, health screenings are routine.
Meals are provided.
Meals are quick and easy.
Meals are quite another story.
Meals are ready to deliver in refrigerated trucks to our customers.
Meals are regulated by Korean cultural etiquette .
Meals are relaxed settings for informal discussions.
Meals are relaxed, lengthy affairs, filled with good conversation, food and wine.
Meals are relaxed, lengthy affairs.
Meals are rich in vegatables and Greek food is considered to be healthy.
Meals are self service with individuals ordering and picking up trays from the galley counter.
Meals are self-catered and the cost of electricity is shared by all students in the dormitory.
Meals are self-catering.
Meals are self-prepared or purchased in local restaurants, cafes, or markets.
Meals are separate.
Meals are served buffet style, menus are less costly and waste is reduced.
Meals are served in designated dining rooms and access is given to the command bridges.
Meals are served in one of two lounges, or a full la carte menu is served in the restaurant.
Meals are served in the dining room and local delicacies, such as whitebait, are often on the menu.
Meals are served with hot pepper sauces.
Meals are simple and basic, with vegan and vegetarian options available upon request.
Meals are simple and low cost, prepared by volunteer staff.
Meals are simple beans, onion and tomato salad with olive oil vinaigrette, fresh fruit and bread.
Meals are simple but good.
Meals are simple but nutritious.
Meals are simple vegetarian, eaten without conversation.
Meals are simple yet delicious.
Meals are simple, based on a weekly menu, usually with fresh bread and garden salad.
Meals are simple, mostly vegetarian.
Meals are simple.
Meals are small, frequent, and healthful.
Meals are sometimes late or canceled.
Meals are Southern home favorites.
Meals are special times during the day.
Meals are special when they include wild game and conversation about past days afield.
Meals are standard pub food, average quality, average prices.
Meals are subject to change due to availability of products.
Meals are subject to change without notice.
Meals are such a bother.
Meals are sumptuous affairs - accompanied by the call of the hyena or the occasional roar of a lion.
Meals are sumptuous and are served banquet style.
Meals are superb, but expensive.
Meals are taken all together, the rooms are shared.
Meals are tasty and balanced to suit the needs of our guests.
Meals are taxable.
Meals are the best camp food around and the surrounding is great.
Meals are the best form of socialising.
Meals are the highlight of a cat's day.
Meals are the most important part of any workshop.
Meals are the responsibility of each individual.
Meals are the responsibility of each participant.
Meals are the responsibility of each team.
Meals are the responsibility of the competitors.
Meals are the responsibility of the individual participants.
Meals are the responsibility of the individual teams with the exception of the banquet night.
Meals are the responsibility of the student.
Meals are the same as noted above.
Meals are the student s responsibility.
Meals are the student's responsibility.
Meals are the worst time.
Meals are then packaged and labeled for use during the week.
Meals are thoughtfully prepared, usually using produce from our walled garden and farm.
Meals are to be made by the residents of the house and by the volunteers.
Meals are to be on the disposable isolation trays.
Meals are to be paid directly to the hotel by the parents.
Meals are to be slow, pleasant, leisurely times.
Meals are top quality Italian cuisine and are freshly prepared by a famous regional chef.
Meals are truly a special part of a Mountain Meadows vacation.
Meals are typical South Indian fare, including both vegetarian and non-vegetarian options.
Meals are unfussy.
Meals are usually better, more authentic and cheaper than at official restaurants.
Meals are usually excellent and include plenty of fresh food.
Meals are usually in a community dining room or clubhouse.
Meals are usually light on meat and generous on vegetable fat .
Meals are usually light on meat and generous on vegetable fat.
Meals are usually on the run, or out at a restaurant.
Meals are varied throughout the week and plentiful.
Meals are vegan.
Meals are vegetarian and are prepared with health and nutrition in mind.
Meals are vegetarian and mostly organic.
Meals are vegetarian and served family style buffet from the galley.
Meals are vegetarian and taken in silence.
Meals are vegetarian feasts, and often fabulous events in themselves.
Meals are vegetarian with a vegan option.
Meals are vegetarian, and accommodations are austere, mostly single rooms.
Meals are vegetarian, prepared with organic produce.
Meals are vegetarian, using organic products when possible.
Meals are vegetarian, with added farm fresh eggs and dairy products.
Meals are vegetarian, with the main meal at midday.
Meals are vegetarian.
Meals are very important to both the medical and social well-being of nursing home patients.
Meals are very important to the medical and emotional well-being of residents.
Meals are very important.
Meals are well prepared.
Meals are well-balanced and servings ample.
Meals are well-balanced, nutritiously prepared and the variety appeals to most appetites.
Meals are well-rounded and nourishing.
Meals are West Coast fare including everything from trout and salmon to steak.
Meals are wholesome and family style.
Meals are wholesome and nutritious institutional fare.
Meals are wholesome and purely vegetarian, much of which comes from the estate.
Meals are wonderfully prepared and the relaxing surroundings makes for a very enjoyable stay.
Meals are worth the indulgence.
Meals are, of course, available at restaurants off campus.
Meals arrive cold and in double serving packs.
Meals arrive on thick wooden boards, or in the pocked volcanic rock of a molcajete.
Meals avail. upon request.
Meals become more important as they become less involved in other social activities.
Meals begin and end with lunch.
Meals begin and end with tea.
Meals begin on registration day.
Meals begin with a basket of crisp chips and two salsas, one red and one green.
Meals begin with a basket of ordinary bread topped with sesame seeds.
Meals begin with a basket of rye bread with plastic-wrapped crackers.
Meals begin with a basket of seasoned tortilla chips.
Meals begin with a Mexican touch-a basket of crisp tortilla chips and a choice of hot or mild salsa.
Meals begin with a small round loaf of house-baked French sourdough and sweet butter.
Meals begin with breakfast the first day and end with lunch on the last day.
Meals begin with dinner on check-in day.
Meals begin with dinner on the check-in day.
Meals begin with dinner the day of arrival and end with lunch the day of departure.
Meals begin with lunch the first day of the course through lunch on the last day of the course.
Meals can be exorbitant.
Meals can be expensive along the highway.
Meals can be heavy.
Meals can be pan-Mexican eclectic or all in one regional style.
Meals can be quick, healthy and still taste sinful.
Meals can become a cause of tension in the family.
Meals can become battles with parents yelling at children, parents yelling at each other.
Meals carry over from week to week for the semester, making it easy to understand and plan.
Meals combine food.
Meals come in a compartmented box, and the tableware's disposable.
Meals come in boxes accompanied by fresh fruit and dessert.
Meals come on wheels.
Meals come out looking like works of art.
Meals come through a stomach tube.
Meals come with a baked potato, cole slaw and roll.
Meals come with a choice of baked potato, sweet potato, fries, rice or vegetable.
Meals come with a choice of beans and rice, tostones or french fries.
Meals come with a choice of two veggies and a roll or cornbread.
Meals come with a good salad of mixed greens and finely grated cheese.
Meals come with all the fixens and salad and drink.
Meals come with excellent house-made muffins and very good side dishes.
Meals come with juice, tea or a bottomless cup of coffee included.
Meals come with reheating instructions for optimal taste.
Meals come with rice, soup and wraps.
Meals come with salad and bread.
Meals come with side-dishes like garlic mashed potatoes, sweet potato fries, and jalapeno rice.
Meals come with soup, rice and Mongolian wraps.
Meals come with such sides as baked bananas, black beans and other South American favorites.
Meals come with upward of a half dozen vegetable side dishes.
Meals come with warm corn bread and big, crisp salads.
Meals compose of rice.
Meals conform to the local cuisine.
Meals consist of a dinner and a sweet.
Meals consist of a main meal and a dessert.
Meals consist of a soup or salad, entree, desert and non-alcholic beverage.
Meals consist of both standard American dishes as well as a selection of oriental dishes. .
Meals consist of bread and tea for breakfast, rice for both lunch and dinner.
Meals consist of bread.
Meals consist of breakfast and lunch served buffet style, offering variety and convenience.
Meals consist of carbohydrates.
Meals consist of dine out and also meals made by the volunteers.
Meals consist of dishes.
Meals consist of dog food.
Meals consist of dry dog food.
Meals consist of dry food.
Meals consist of food.
Meals consist of fresh produce picked up along the way or canned goods when the fresh food runs out.
Meals consist of full course dinner.
Meals consist of great meat dishes and pastas.
Meals consist of lean proteins.
Meals consist of local fresh fruits and vegetables as well as fresh fish and meats.
Meals consist of many small dishes.
Meals consist of meat.
Meals consist of plants.
Meals consist of proteins.
Meals consist of rice side dishes.
Meals consist of small dishes.
Meals consist of soup or appetizers, salad, main course, dessert, and coffee or tea.
Meals consist of soup or salad, entree, dessert and non-alcoholic beverage.
Meals consist of vegetable dishes.
Meals consist of white bread.
Meals contain calories.
Meals contain carbohydrates.
Meals contain complementary proteins.
Meals contain meals.
Meals contain more calories.
Meals contain nutrients.
Meals contain one-third of daily recommendations.
Meals contain proteins.
Meals contain rice.
Meals contain sodium.
Meals contain sugar.
Meals contain vegetables.
Meals continue to flow and cards and e-mails continue to come.
Meals contribute to good nutrition.
Meals contribute to nutrition.
Meals cost less if one is a member.
Meals designed for later in the cycle include casseroles, pastas and granola bars.
Meals differ here from many cuisines in that the meal is served in courses.
Meals Eat less and chew more.
Meals eaten at restaurants, especially fast food restaurants are often high in sodium.
Meals eaten individually are at the students' expense and discretion.
Meals Expect variety in price and in menu.
Meals feature a variety of foods and are served in attractive and comfortable dining areas.
Meals feature daily macrobiotic, vegan and animal-based offerings.
Meals feature excellent French cuisine.
Meals feature local seafood such as salmon, steamed clams and mussels, or game such as venison.
Meals feature local specialties ranging from rustic mountain dishes to gourmet platters.
Meals feature our own beef, healthy vegetables, and fresh home-cooked breads and pies.
Meals feature the best of regional cuisine.
Meals feature wonderful cuisine from the culinary capital of Italy.
Meals feature wonderful Sicilian cuisine.
Meals feature wonderful Umbrian cuisine.
Meals feature wonderful Venetian cuisine.
Meals featuring cuisine appropriate to the workshop are usually prepared.
Meals fill our stomach and reveal our identity.
Meals fit for a king.
Meals flow at a leisurely pace.
Meals focus on California style cooking.
Meals focus on nutrients.
Meals generally begin with breakfast on the first day of the tour, unless otherwise specified.
Meals generally consist of baked beans, potatoes, chips, pizza and pies.
Meals generally consist of beans and rice.
Meals get off to a good start with a round loaf of bread, hot and fresh from the oven.
Meals give everyone a chance to exchange dive stories, tell jokes, and get acquainted.
Meals have (part) bread.
Meals have (part) helpings.
Meals have (part) sandwiches.
Meals have (part) sauces.
Meals have (part) servings.
Meals have (part) side dishes.
Meals have (part) side order.
Meals have a greater significance in our family than in the average American family.
Meals have benefits.
Meals have calories.
Meals have different names by time they are taken or by the type of food that is eaten .
Meals have different names by time they are taken or by the type of food that is eaten.
Meals have effects.
Meals have French flavors.
Meals have meaning.
Meals have nutritious snacks.
Meals have origins.
Meals have proteins.
Meals have ripple effects.
Meals have snacks.
Meals have to be served at just the right intervals.
Meals have vegetarian options.
Meals help fat metabolism.
Meals help metabolism.
Meals help muscles.
Meals here use home-grown and local produce combined with traditional recipes.
Meals include coconut water.
Meals include food.
Meals include fruit.
Meals include lean proteins.
Meals include meat.
Meals include meaty stew.
Meals include plants.
Meals include plenty.
Meals include preparation.
Meals include proteins.
Meals include root plants.
Meals include soy.
Meals include stew.
Meals include vegetables.
Meals include water.
Meals increase vitamins.
Meals Keep hazardous chemicals or other substances locked and out of reach.
Meals -Lunch, dinner.
Meals made with rice are lighter.
Meals make dinner.
Meals meet daily nutrition guidelines and the food costs an average of sixty-eight cents per meal.
Meals mostly consist of rice, rootcrops and some vegetables.
Meals Never skip one.
Meals nutritionally designed are available at the checkstands.
Meals offer bread.
Meals offer opportunity.
Meals offer options.
Meals plan watcher broiled, cheese become practical to weight where high.
Meals provide a choice between cafeteria-style entrees and a grill area.
Meals provide a time of food, fellowship, and conversation in a family atomosphere.
Meals provide a varied and balanced diet and special occasions are acknowledged and celebrated.
Meals provide an opportunity for our residents to enjoy companionship and good conversation.
Meals provide benefits.
Meals provide carbohydrates.
Meals provide energy.
Meals provide health benefits.
Meals provide more than just physical fuel, but help nourish the soul and cement family bonds.
Meals provide proteins.
Meals provide waste.
Meals provided are delicious and plentiful.
Meals provided are for the agreement holder only.
Meals provided by a top class chef are plentiful and fresh, with lots of fruit between dive snacks.
Meals provided from our restaurant or a self-catering option is available.
Meals provided include all lunches and opening reception .
Meals provided include morning bagels, lunch, and dinner.
Meals provided on overnight trips begin with lunch on the first day through lunch on the final day.
Meals provided, include Vegetarian and white meat meals.
Meals punctuate temporal activity and ritual cycles in all cultures.
Meals range from a sack lunch to sit-down meals.
Meals range from appetisers such as homemade soups, pates, etc.
Meals range from cocktails, hors d'oeuvres and buffet to five course dinners.
Meals range from great restaurants to cooking over a fire in the jungle.
Meals range from hearty pub fare to fine continental cuisine.
Meals range from local dishes and seafood to specialty vegetarian.
Meals reimbursement billing is produced automatically by the system.
Meals remaining from the processing of oilseeds are predominantly protein suppliers.
Meals require one hour.
Meals resume with breakfast.
Meals rotate daily, focusing on fresh fruits, vegetables, local fish, chicken and meat.
Meals rotate on a per-man schedule, with no money exchanged.
Meals See course descriptions for appropriate meal fees.
Meals See the Travel Web for current rates allowable for meals.
Meals seem to begin at four in the morning and last until well after midnight.
Meals serve as times for sharing, laughing and evaluating all that is part of life.
Meals serve two or one voracious thru-hiker.
Meals sold by eating establishments or caterers are subject to sales tax.
Meals somehow taste better and are more important after a fast.
Meals start early and continue through the day.
Meals start off with a basket of the famous sticky buns.
Meals start off with complimentary crudit s, a bowl of olives and a basket of hard-boiled eggs.
Meals start on a high note with the arrival of two salsas, red and green, and a basket of chips.
Meals start with a basket of chunks of nut or rosemary breads.
Meals start with a hefty slice of warm cornbread.
Meals start with dinner on the day of arrival and end with lunch on the day of departure.
Meals start with tiny baguettes with a good, chewy crust.
Meals still begin with hot Tuscan bread served with herbed oil and balsamic vinegar.
Meals stimulate acid secretion.
Meals stimulate secretion.
Meals stimulate the stomach to produce more acid that can reflux up into the esophagus.
Meals store in refrigerators.
Meals support health.
Meals take a long time because that's the French way.
Meals take place at a certain time.
Meals take place in the dining hall at the youth hostel.
Meals taste better standing up.
Meals tend to be less spicy than in most of India.
Meals tend to be pretty informal and relaxed.
Meals There are many restaurants nearby.
Meals together can also help to improve health through eating food that is more nutritious.
Meals traditionally finish with fruit, however some sweet dishes are available.
Meals typically consist of staple rice, fermented cassava or bananas with some kind of sauce.
Meals typically involve a vending machine.
Meals typically provide several choices and are served in cafeteria style.
Meals use food products.
Meals use products.
Meals vary according to guest preferences.
Meals when included are with a choice of menu.
Meals often are a social event where people gather to take a break and catch up on news.
Meals often are served at weddings, baptisms, and funerals.
Meals often feature foods related to the house theme.
Meals often last for hours, the focus being the conversation rather than the food.
Meals often last two hours or more.
Meals usually begin with a retro flair.
Meals usually come straight from the garden.
Meals usually feature three special entr es that vary in style depending on the season.
Meals usually start with a soup containing vegetables, dumplings, meatballs or meat.
All meals allow for unlimited seconds.
All meals are a la carte and ordered from our menu.
All meals are additional cost.
All meals are affordable and convenient.
All meals are at participants' own cost.
All meals are at the expense of the participant.
All meals are available .
All meals are available but no meals are included in our apartment monthly rate.
All meals are available in Hall throughout term, and lunch throughout the year.
All meals are available through pre-registration.
All meals are available without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability.
All meals are available.
All meals are buffet style and always superb.
All meals are buffet style and are prepared in our on-board galley to assure freshness and quality.
All meals are buffet style and there is a fairly good amount of variety.
All meals are buffet style with a wide variation of cooking styles from east to west.
All meals are buffet style with many selections, including vegetarian dishes, too.
All meals are buffet style with salad bar at lunch and dinner.
All meals are buffet style.
All meals are buffets.
All meals are carefully prepared and served under the personal supervision of the resident owners.
All meals are carefully prepared and supervised by a local master chef.
All Meals are chef prepared.
All meals are chef's choice, family style, and buffet self-serve.
All meals are complimentary at the casino.
All meals are complimentary.
All meals are delicious, generous and include all the trimmings.
All meals are extra.
All meals are first class with local flair.
All meals are free .
All meals are free of any animal products such as meat, dairy, eggs, honey, and lard.
All meals are free to participating children regardless of household income.
All meals are free with a suggested donation.
All meals are fresh with a variety of heart-healthy and delicious selections.
All meals are fresh-cooked and served under our large, covered pavilion on the river.
All meals are freshly cooked and include an extensive vegetarian menu.
All meals are freshly prepared daily in our galley and served on fine china.
All meals are freshly prepared to a high standard and are recommended.
All meals are freshly prepared while underway in our galley and served on fine china .
All meals are freshly prepared, ready to heat, and delivered in reusable plastic containers.
All meals are freshly prepared.
All meals are full meals that include salad, entree, side dishes, drinks, desserts, etc.
All meals are hearty and home-cooked.
All meals are high in taste but low in fat and calories.
All meals are home cooked and served with home-grown vegatables.
All meals are home cooked just like mom made.
All meals are home cooked, and prepared by our kitchen staff.
All meals are home-cooked and our waitresses provide full service.
All meals are home-cooked at the lodge with lunches packed for away trips.
All meals are home-cooked using local produce as much as possible.
All meals are home-made, on the premises.
All meals are homemade, regularly including freshly baked cakes and bread.
All meals are in the buffet style with a dinner included in the resort's gourmet restaurant.
All meals are in the private dining room overlooking the ocean.
All meals are included in China, please refer to the full brochure for other meal arrangements.
All meals are inclusive of tax and gratuity.
All meals are low in fat.
All meals are low salt, and diabetic meals can be ordered.
All meals are low salt, served family style.
All meals are mandatory.
All meals are New Zealand cuisine and included in the tariff.
All meals are no-host and are an extra cost.
All meals are non-dairy, with vegetarian meals also available.
All meals are nutritionally balanced and meet state guidelines.
All meals are on site, catered and in local restaurants.
All meals are one-pot or just require boiling water.
All meals are open seating.
All meals are open to cabin and day guests.
All meals are optional.
All meals are outdoors.
All meals are plentiful and tasty.
All meals are pre-paid, so a substitute meal is always up to the goodwill of the establishment.
All meals are prepared and served at the community house.
All meals are prepared and served by college staff in two large dining rooms.
All meals are prepared and served by our own onsite catering staff.
All meals are prepared and served by the students under the direct supervision of the instructors.
All meals are prepared and served in modern and traditional Mayan fashion.
All meals are prepared and served in Mo-Ranch s dinning hall.
All meals are prepared bio-fresh and and served with tender loving care.
All meals are prepared fresh on board and are known for their quality.
All meals are prepared fresh on board.
All meals are prepared to a high standard and served in a pleasant separate dining room.
All meals are prepared to order and are served in an intimate setting by candlelight.
All meals are prepared to order, customized to individual preferences.
All meals are prepared to order, please be patient.
All meals are prepared to order.
All meals are prepared with nut and virgin olive oils.
All meals are prepared with special emphasis on taste and nutrition.
All meals are pure vegetarian, low-fat, and delicious.
All meals are rice, and often ONLY rice.
All meals are self service and all students can go back for extra helpings.
All meals are self-service buffet style.
All meals are served with complimentary bread and olive oil.
All meals are single seating with evening meals up to nine courses on selected nights.
All meals are sugar free.
All meals are table d'hote and include coffee and an appetiser.
All meals are tasty, nutritious, hearty and fit the environment.
All meals are taxable.
All meals are the responsibility of participants.
All meals are the responsibility of the individual.
All meals are the responsibility of the students.
All meals are the responsibility of the workshop participant.
All meals are the students' own responsibility.
All meals are the student's responsibility.
All meals are to be consumed in the cafeteria or designated area.
All meals are to be taken in the camp dining room.
All meals are vegetarian .
All meals are vegetarian and dairy.
All meals are vegetarian and include eggs and dairy products.
All meals are vegetarian, and include vegan offerings as well.
All meals are vegetarian.
All meals are very reasonable.
All meals arrive precooked and ready to heat in a microwave or oven when required.
All meals begin with a blessing.
All meals beverages and bar drinks are included via four restaurants, five bars and disco.
All Meals can be prepared to go .
All meals can be self-catered, although a qualified chef is available if preferred.
All Meals Click on a category to view all recipe matches.
All meals come complete with vegetables, starch, bread and butter.
All meals come in two-serving portions.
All meals come with a big bowl of church social-style tossed salad for the table to share.
All meals come with a crisp salad and injera, a thin, flat bread of corn meal and wheat flour.
All meals come with a side of rice and free soft drink.
All meals come with a side-serve of salad.
All meals come with a soft-crusted corncake roll called arepa.
All meals come with a vegetable in addition to what is listed and most sauces come on the side.
All meals come with baskets of fresh baked bread and great soup.
All meals come with beans, coleslaw and bread.
All meals come with fries or a baked potato and salad or coleslaw on the side.
All meals come with homemade bread and a house salad.
All meals come with house salad.
All meals come with milk.
All meals come with salad, vegetable, starch, dessert, coffee, tea or soda.
All meals come with their salad bar, that despite the size has a huge variety for all.
All meals come with vegetables and cornbread.
All meals conclude witha cheese plate and equally scrumptious desserts.
All meals consist of a main course and a hot or cold sweet.
All meals contain a free child's pass to come back to the park at any time.
All meals cost approx.
All meals feature local fresh foods.
All meals feature mouthwatering traditional Southern cuisine.
All meals have the proper food combinations to supply complete protein requirements.
All meals have vegetarian options.
All meals including breakfasts are independent.
All meals meet federal food guidelines.
All meals offer a choice of entrees, soup, salad bar, deli bar, dessert bar, and unlimited drinks.
All meals offer a vegetarian option.
All meals onboard at indoor and outdoor dining tables.
All meals provide a comprehensive menu selection to cater for even the most discerning palate.
All meals start off with a complimentary basket of chips and salsa.
All meals start with the choice of soup or salad.
All meals still receive federal reimbursement.
Any meal is completed with a sweet course.
Any meal is referred to as chow.
Every meal also comes with a crowd-pleasing basket of warm garlic rolls.
Every meal becomes a math assignment.
Every meal becomes an effortless culinary indulgence among friends.
Every meal begins with their homemade hot breads.
Every meal comes with an unlimited salad bar.
Every meal contains a protein, a vegetable, bread, fresh fruit and dairy items.
Every meal counts.
Every meal features a minimum of three entree selections.
Every meal features an assortment of whole fresh fruit and selected seasonal favorites.
Every meal has several entree options, always including at least one vegetarian selection.
Every meal has some garlic in it.
Every meal includes black beans and tortillas.
Every meal includes bread, milk, fruit, a main course, vegetables and a dessert.
Every meal is a celebration of fine French cuisine.
Every meal is a culinary delight, the ingredients are from the surrounding waters and land.
Every meal is a gastronomic adventure.
Every meal is a gastronomic experience, and any special request is handled with aplomb.
Every meal is a new experience.
Every meal is a potluck for an animal in the wild.
Every meal is a serious occasion.
Every meal is a small mountain.
Every meal is a vote for a particular way of producing, processing, and distributing food.
Every meal is accompanied by numerous banchan.
Every meal is accompanied by wine.
Every meal is an act of communion.
Every meal is an event, a celebration.
Every meal is an experience in dining pleasure.
Every meal is balanced and there is always plenty.
Every meal is balanced, with a source of protein, a carbohydrate, and a fat.
Every meal is delicious.
Every meal is fresh and delicious.
Every meal is important.
Every meal is nutritionally complete and is served with an assortment of beverages and fresh fruit.
Every meal is prepared by a different club.
Every meal is prepared by our local cooks using only natural ingredients and condiments.
Every meal is prepared to absolute perfection.
Every meal is prepared with fresh meats and produce.
Every meal is prepared with love and the very finest ingredients available.
Every meal is the same.
Every meal is viewed as important.
Every meal starts with a delicious tureen of soup, the recipe varying each evening.
Every meal takes about two hours.
Every meal there's a potato.
Every meal's a banquet, every paycheque a fortune, every formation a parade.
Every meal's a banquet.
Many meals are derivatives, including arroz con pollo or arroz con atun.
Many meals arrive swimming in olive oil, now known to be very healthy.
Many meals come with salad.
Many meals feature freshly-grown herbs from our special gardens.
Most meals add calories.
Most meals add food.
Most meals aid digestion.
Most meals also come with a salad.
Most meals appear odd at first to Western eyes but the taste is one to remember for a long time.
Most meals are a la carte style, so casts vary.
Most meals are a lot larger than the average adult requires.
Most meals are available with non-dairy ingredients.
Most meals are buffet style and include a variety of choices.
Most meals are buffet style.
Most meals are buffet-style.
Most meals are low in fat, and every recipe includes nutritional information.
Most meals are plate service and others are buffet and family style.
Most meals are primarily vegetarian with occasional fresh fish.
Most meals are vegetarian and ample.
Most meals are vegetarian.
Most meals begin with a nonsectarian prayer.
Most meals begin with soup based on a mineral-rich broth made from beef bones.
Most meals combine food.
Most meals come with a choice of salad or soup.
Most meals come with fresh whole-grain French bread.
Most meals come with oven-roasted herbed potatoes.
Most meals come with soup, salad, and a veggie, and are tremendous in size.
Most meals consist of a few bits of locally caught fish and a pile of salad stuff from tins.
Most meals consist of bread.
Most meals consist of carbohydrates.
Most meals consist of dishes.
Most meals consist of dog food.
Most meals consist of dry dog food.
Most meals consist of dry food.
Most meals consist of food.
Most meals consist of ground beef dishes, chicken, or pork.
Most meals consist of lean proteins.
Most meals consist of many small dishes.
Most meals consist of meat.
Most meals consist of plants.
Most meals consist of proteins.
Most meals consist of rice side dishes.
Most meals consist of small dishes.
Most meals consist of vegetable dishes.
Most meals consist of white bread.
Most meals contain calories.
Most meals contain carbohydrates.
Most meals contain complementary proteins.
Most meals contain meals.
Most meals contain more calories.
Most meals contain nutrients.
Most meals contain proteins.
Most meals contain rice.
Most meals contain sodium.
Most meals contain sugar.
Most meals contain vegetables.
Most meals contribute to good nutrition.
Most meals contribute to nutrition.
Most meals end with trays of fresh, seasonal fruit.
Most meals focus on nutrients.
Most meals have benefits.
Most meals have calories.
Most meals have effects.
Most meals have nutritious snacks.
Most meals have origins.
Most meals have proteins.
Most meals have ripple effects.
Most meals have snacks.
Most meals help fat metabolism.
Most meals help metabolism.
Most meals help muscles.
Most meals increase vitamins.
Most meals involve cheeses, cream sauces and rich desserts.
Most meals make dinner.
Most meals offer bread.
Most meals offer opportunity.
Most meals offer options.
Most meals produce an energy excess.
Most meals provide benefits.
Most meals provide carbohydrates.
Most meals provide energy.
Most meals provide health benefits.
Most meals provide proteins.
Most meals provide waste.
Most meals stimulate acid secretion.
Most meals stimulate secretion.
Most meals store in refrigerators.
Most meals support health.
Most meals use food products.
Most meals use products.
Some meals add beans.
Some meals add black beans.
Some meals are available.
Some meals are complex, others are straightforward meat and potatoes.
Some meals are in restaurants ashore.
Some meals are made of flowers.
Some meals are more satisfying than others.
Some meals are simple and others elaborate, depending on the aspirations and schedule of the chef.
Some meals are sweet.
Some meals consist of bananas.
Some meals consist of cereals.
Some meals consist of dry cereals.
Some meals consist of grain cereals.
Some meals consist of leafy vegetables.
Some meals consist of nectar.
Some meals consist of nuts.
Some meals consist of oatmeal porridge.
Some meals consist of porridge.
Some meals consist of potato.
Some meals consist of rice.
Some meals consist of salad.
Some meals consist of soup.
Some meals consist of steam rice.
Some meals consist of vegetable soup.
Some meals consist of vegetables.
Some meals consist of wheat.
Some meals consist of whole grain cereals.
Some meals contain acid.
Some meals contain chlorophyll.
Some meals contain juniper.
Some meals contain nitrogen.
Some meals contain soy.
Some meals contain tomatoes.
Some meals derive from cows.
Some meals help adults.
Some meals help blood sugar.
Some meals help obesity.
Some meals help sugar.
Some meals just work better grilled indoors.
Some meals lack nutrients.
Some meals lead to death.
Some meals make from bananas.
Some meals meet individual requirements.
Some meals meet requirements.
Some meals produce blood glucose responses.
Some meals produce responses.
Some meals provide comfort.
Some meals provide meals.
Some meals reduce absorption.
Some meals reduce acid absorption.
Some meals reduce excretion.
Some meals reduce fatty acid absorption.
Some meals reduce insulin.
Some meals reduce phosphorus excretion.
Some meals relieve heartburn.
Some meals require certain vitamins.
Some meals require extra clean up help.
Some meals require vitamins.
Mealtime assistance is provided by come-in home health care aides.
Mealtime behavior is a matter of degree and attitude.
Mealtime behavior is mostly a matter of attitude.
Mealtime conversation can get kids thinking about other places and times.
Mealtime conversation is encouraged, but avoid tickling, teasing, or uncontrolled laughter.
Mealtime conversations tend to be longer.
Mealtime grace is another factor of our family life.
Mealtime interviews tend to be more relaxed, but please stay alert at all times.
Mealtime jobs can teach children of all ages about cooperation and responsibility.
Mealtime management is also a part of the program.
Mealtime rituals can be fun and comforting.
Mealtime acts as one opportunity for toddlers to test themselves against their parents.
Mealtime is a hour
Mealtime is hours.
Mealtimes afford new dads plenty of opportunities to bond as well.
Mealtimes also provide an opportunity to relax and talk with others.
Mealtimes are a time to satisfy nutritional needs for healthy growth and development.
Mealtimes are an important and enjoyable part of family and social life.
Mealtimes are an important part of family life.
Mealtimes are an important part of the day for children.
Mealtimes are another opportunity for fellowship for both adults and kids.
Mealtimes are especially important for very young children.
Mealtimes are flexible, depending on the size of the group and the number of other groups on campus.
Mealtimes are generally consistent as well.
Mealtimes are good opportunities for the family to get together.
Mealtimes are great times for talk.
Mealtimes are important social times for many residents.
Mealtimes are important.
Mealtimes are key language learning periods.
Mealtimes are often extensions of discussions that began in the structured part of the program.
Mealtimes are often mini-political science lessons.
Mealtimes are opportunities for children to be independent by making choices about foods.
Mealtimes are opportunities for discussing the reading, events and sights of the tour.
Mealtimes are silent.
Mealtimes are simple and informal providing a space for relaxation and sharing.
Mealtimes are special.
Mealtimes are sumptuous events.
Mealtimes are the largest loss of income in the average workers day.
Mealtimes are very cool, though.
Mealtimes are very informal.
Mealtimes are very traumatic.
Mealtimes become noisy and messy, and mashed potato is trodden into the carpet.
Mealtimes build skills in self-feeding, cooking and social awareness.
Mealtimes can take a long time and eating can become a chore that takes up too much of their day.
Mealtimes help children learn a lot about life and love, giving and receiving.
Mealtimes provide a chance to interact and to share experiences with others.
Mealtimes provide an opportunity for social interaction among the children and teachers.
Mealtimes provide their own challenges.
Mealtimes suffer due to the taxi schedule as well.
Mealtimes together are important.
Mealworm beetles are indigenous to Europe and are now distributed worldwide.
Mealworm beetles are very different from humans in how they grow up.
Mealworm beetles start off a light ivory color but soon turn dark brown, almost black.
Mealworm beetles undergo complete metamorphosis.
Mealworm beetles undergo metamorphosis.
Most mealworm beetles undergo complete metamorphosis.
Most mealworm beetles undergo metamorphosis.
Some mealworm beetles have discrepancies.
A mealworm is a larva
Mealworm isa larva.
Mealworms also like to hide under things.
Mealworms also make a delicious and nutritious treat for bluebirds and other wild birds.
Mealworms also show great potential as a source of protein for human nutrition.
Mealworms appeal to bluebirds, chickadees, thrashers, and more.
Mealworms are a favorite food or treat for many different pets and critters.
Mealworms are a great way to teach about the life cycle.
Mealworms are a healthy food for many birds and mammals as well.
Mealworms are a nice crunchy treat.
Mealworms are a particular favorite of the bluebirds and robins.
Mealworms are a perfect lure for photography and close-up pictures.
Mealworms are a pest in grain storages.
Mealworms are also a great bait.
Mealworms are an earth-friendly source of protein, researchers say.
Mealworms are another good food source.
Mealworms are another source of food for tree frogs.
Mealworms are another, larger, wiggly grub often available in bait shops.
Mealworms are available in bait stores, or by mail order.
Mealworms are available live, roasted or canned.
Mealworms are beetles.
Mealworms are both the cleanest and most practical insect to breed.
Mealworms are easy to breed and feed, and have a valuable protein profile.
Mealworms are easy to maintain in the classroom because they require very little care.
Mealworms are easy to maintain, and can be kept in one of two ways.
Mealworms are easy to raise.
Mealworms are easy to store and easy to feed.
Mealworms are edible for humans.
Mealworms are found in warm, damp and dark places in nature and man-made environments.
Mealworms are highly nutritious.
Mealworms are important because they teach the fledgling to catch live food.
Mealworms are larvas.
Mealworms are light brown and darken as they get older.
Mealworms are little worms that provide hens with lots of protein and other nutrients.
Mealworms are nutritionally deficit.
Mealworms are offered only once a week as part of the diet, but fed as treats through the week.
Mealworms are popular as fish bait and as food for many types of small pets.
Mealworms are popular as reptile food and bird treats.
Mealworms are popular with several species.
Mealworms are scavengers and are most commonly found in damp, spoiled grain and grain products.
Mealworms are similar to ground beetles but the headis somewhat scoop shaped.
Mealworms are the best choice, and they're easy to find.
Mealworms are the brown worm-like larvae of darkling beetles.
Mealworms are the favourite food of many garden bird species.
Mealworms are the larvae of a beetle.
Mealworms are the larvae of the Darkling beetle.
Mealworms are to stay home.
Mealworms are useful for their high protein content.
Mealworms can be a food source for birds, lizards and other insects.
Mealworms can easily crawl out of a standard wooden feeder.
Mealworms can get into and ruin stored flour, pet food, mill feed, cereal and other dry goods.
Mealworms can thrive in captivity, and can be purchased at pet shops.
Mealworms change into beetles.
Mealworms come packed in wheat bran, which serves both as bed and breakfast.
Mealworms eat grain.
Mealworms feed on vegetation.
Mealworms go through changes as they grow.
Mealworms go through metamorphosis.
Mealworms have (part) brains.
Mealworms have (part) cell membranes.
Mealworms have (part) cells.
Mealworms have (part) corpi.
Mealworms have (part) cytoplasm.
Mealworms have (part) ears.
Mealworms have (part) faces.
Mealworms have (part) heads.
Mealworms have (part) nuclei.
Mealworms have (part) plasma membranes.
Mealworms have (part) sections.
Mealworms have (part) skulls.
Mealworms have (part) vacuoles.
Mealworms have many natural predators.
Mealworms have natural predators.
Mealworms have predators.
Mealworms have substrate.
Mealworms have very simple tastes in food.
Mealworms live all over the world.
Mealworms live on diets.
Mealworms navigate their surroundings using a sense of touch and marginally developed eyesight.
Mealworms present a greater challenge.
Mealworms readily take apple peelings.
Mealworms show metamorphosis.
Mealworms start out as eggs laid in the soil by adult darkling beetles.
Mealworms then enter the pupa stage.
Mealworms turn into pupas.
Mealworms use energy.
Most mealworms change into beetles.
Most mealworms eat grain.
Most mealworms feed on vegetation.
Most mealworms go through metamorphosis.
Most mealworms have many natural predators.
Most mealworms have natural predators.
Most mealworms have predators.
Most mealworms live on diets.
Most mealworms turn into pupas.
Most mealworms use energy.
Some mealworms become pests.
Some mealworms eat decay leaves.
Some mealworms eat diets.
Some mealworms eat leaves.
Some mealworms eat pets.
Some mealworms eat substances.
Some mealworms feed diets.
Some mealworms have exoskeletons.
Some mealworms have joint legs.
Some mealworms have legs.
Some mealworms have life.
Some mealworms have shelf life.
Some mealworms have sources.
Some mealworms have tough exoskeletons.
Some mealworms make up diets.
Some mealworms prefer environments.
Some mealworms prefer habitats.
Some mealworms prefer human environments.
Some mealworms shed exoskeletons.
Some mealworms shed outer skin.
Some mealworms shed skin.
Some mealworms undergo complete metamorphosis.
Some mealworms undergo metamorphosis.
A mealy bug is an insect
Mealy bugs appear on stems and buds.
Mealy bugs are always a potential threat to house plants.
Mealy bugs are juice-sucking predators that appear as white, cottony masses on leaves.
Mealy bugs are soft and appear to be covered with a white, mealy or downy substance.
Mealy bugs are soft-bodied insects that feed on the corm and roots.
Mealy bugs are tiny, white insects that look like tufts of lint.
Mealy bugs are white, soft-bodied insects that suck plant juices.
Mealy bugs attack the base of the leaves near the ground, also the bud and the slips.
Mealy bugs can also infest African violets.
Mealy bugs feed on plant stems and leaves.
Mealy bugs have small soft white or pink bodies.
Mealy bugs have what type of mouth parts'.
Mealy bugs resemble white cotton, and they are located in the crevices between leaves and stems.
Mealy bugs seem especially fond of cacti and can destroy the plants.
A mealybug is an insect
Mealybug can dwarf a plant, cause wilting, and eventually kill the plant.
Mealybugs also attack the leaves and stems forming a white cottony mass.
Mealybugs also move about on the host plant to feed.
Mealybugs also produce large amounts of a sweet, sticky liquid waste product called honeydew.
Mealybugs appear as white cottony clusters on citrus, ornamentals, and greenhouse plants.
Mealybugs appear as white tangles of cotton on the leaves or stems.
Mealybugs are a common houseplant pest that infest all plant parts including the roots.
Mealybugs are a common problem on houseplants.
Mealybugs are a quarantine problem on exported foliage and flowers.
Mealybugs are about inch in length.
Mealybugs are about the same size as aphids but are white and fuzzy.
Mealybugs are also difficult to destroy, as they tend to lodge in the crotches on the crown.
Mealybugs are another common pest.
Mealybugs are easier to identify, as they are larger than spider mites.
Mealybugs are easier to see because their bodies are surrounded by white cottony tufts of wax.
Mealybugs are easy to control by applying soapy water with a sponge or a spray bottle.
Mealybugs are especially hard to wash out of floral ginger.
Mealybugs are insects.
Mealybugs are most active in warm, dry weather.
Mealybugs are one of the major problems affecting plants in greenhouses and interiorscapes.
Mealybugs are pests.
Mealybugs are phloem feeders.
Mealybugs are probably the most common insect indoors.
Mealybugs are related to scales, aphids, and whiteflies.
Mealybugs are relatives of the scale insects.
Mealybugs are sap-feeding insects that form white, powdery colonies on leaf undersides and stems.
Mealybugs are serious pests of poinsettias.
Mealybugs are similar to scale insects.
Mealybugs are small, white sucking insects that are covered with a white, cottony wax.
Mealybugs are some of the toughest insects to control.
Mealybugs are the culprits.
Mealybugs are the major pest problem for houseplants.
Mealybugs are the most common insect pest of jade plants.
Mealybugs are the only serious pest on the plant.
Mealybugs are tough and flat with a soft, waxy body.
Mealybugs attack all parts of plants.
Mealybugs can be a problem for snake plants.
Mealybugs can become an impossible problem unless detected early and diligently eradicated.
Mealybugs can become very troublesome in greenhouses or on field-grown ornamentals.
Mealybugs can invade both inside and outside plants.
Mealybugs can stunt and kill plants by depleting their fluids.
Mealybugs can weaken a plant leading to yellow foliage and leaf drop.
Mealybugs cause damage through feeding on axillary buds and growing tips.
Mealybugs derive their name from the white, waxy, mealy secretions that cover their bodies.
Mealybugs excrete honeydew, a sweet, sticky liquid.
Mealybugs excrete sticky honeydew, which attracts sooty mold.
Mealybugs extract plant sap, reducing tree vigor, and excrete honeydew.
Mealybugs feed on a variety of ornamental plants.
Mealybugs feed on all parts of the plant, but especially on tender new growth.
Mealybugs form a cotton-like structure over their bodies.
Mealybugs generally have an oval body outline.
Mealybugs have needle-like sucking mouthparts.
Mealybugs have piercing-sucking mouthparts, and damage appears as chlorotic spots on the leaves.
Mealybugs have several predatory and parasitic natural enemies.
Mealybugs injure plants by sucking juices from tender foliage and roots of many greenhouse crops.
Mealybugs leave cottony masses in stem crotches or on the underside of leaves.
Mealybugs live by sucking plant juices.
Mealybugs look like fuzzy cotton.
Mealybugs look like little chunks of cotton batten.
Mealybugs look like little white tufts of cotton so are often mistaken for a disease.
Mealybugs look like white puffs of cotton.
Mealybugs move about freely for most of their life but often live in colonies.
Mealybugs occur in all parts of the world.
Mealybugs occur on outdoor azaleas, blueberries, and other close relatives.
Mealybugs occur on several species of garden, house and greenhouse plants.
Mealybugs prefer to infest the fruit and cover themselves with a dense waxy material.
Mealybugs produce a loose wax.
Mealybugs secrete honeydew.
Mealybugs secrete sticky honeydew that makes the leaves look shiny.
Mealybugs seem particularly active on jatropha.
Mealybugs suck plant juices, stunting plant growth or killing plants.
Mealybugs usually cluster on the lower leaves and leaves protected from winds and rains.
Most mealybugs are house or greenhouse pests and have similar life histories.
Mean concentrations are generally higher in the fall and winter months at both stations.
Mean density is mass divided by volume.
Mean deviation is deviation
Mean deviation is the average deviation from the mean.
Mean difference is calculated by subtracting mean predicted death age from death age.
Mean difference is calculated by subtracting the predicted death age from the mean death age.
Mean duration is the arithmetic average computed from single weeks of unemployment.
Mean fitness is the weighted average of the fitness of all types in a population.
Mean guys finish last.
Mean monsters make magnificent meatloaf.
Mean motion resonances in the trans-neptunian region.
Some means of identification is required.
Means of transport continues to be one of the major urgencies.
Means of transport is chosen considering value of parcel, weight and perishability of contents.
All means of transport are available.
Means of transportation is by jeepneys and mini-buses.
Means of transportation is by land, like jeepneys, cars, tricycles and bikes.
Means of transportation is primarily the efficient Dutch public transportation system.
Any means of travel is acceptable.
Mean pain experienced by boys and girls is conditional on their level of needle anxiety.
Mean people are petty.
Mean people are rude because they enjoy it.
Mean people do suck.
Mean position correspond to mouse position on the bit pad.
Mean pressure falls around the entire circuit.
Mean ratings are statistically significantly different by gender.
Mean results provide a general idea of performance.
Mean reversion is a negative correlation.
Mean roosters go into the stock pot.
Mean roosters seem to be part of the package with chickens in general.
Mean score is calculated across all items within each domain.
Mean scores indicate that students view their advising experience very positively.
Mean temperature increases over years.
Mean temperature ranges from cs.
Mean temperatures are higher in the east and south.
Mean temperatures are still colder than in other Mediterranean climates.
A mean value is an average
Mean value is rounded to the nearest hundred dollars.
Mean values taken at a later date show a more or less consistent pattern of increase with time.
Mean winds are averages of gusts and low winds for a continuous period of time.
Mean winds are slight easterly in the boreal summer and slight westerly in boreal winter.
Mean words are a torture that souls flee.
Mean words can hurt for that moment and for a lifetime.
A mean is an average
Means adjusts more and cuts back well.
Means also exist to publicize the existence of a forum.
Means are available to locate and retrieve hidden or deleted files.
Means are averages.
Means are capital.
Means are different.
Means are everything else, including methods, practices, conduct, services, and programs.
Means are implementations.
Means are professional services.
Means are the LSMs which are supplied with standard errors.
Means are up no habit so encourage buffalo bills memorabilia.
Means are used for goals.
Means are used for help.
Means come back again soon.
Means exist for students to apply for waivers of some fees.
Means explain how the law is civilly disobeyed.
Means largely do determine ends.
Means now exist to mitigate the consequences of such impacts for the human species.
Means only are available.
Means seem to be confused with ends.
All means are available online to execute transactions or other services with government.
All means are good and decorous when faith and love are truly set on winning souls.
All means are impediment.
All means seems permitted to substantiate the apocalypse prospect and install fear.
Any means is acceptable as long as the method is consistent.
Any means is permitted, including hand delivery, facsimile transmission or e-mail.
Some means are much better than others.
Some means is required to allow applications to map public and system IDs to the correct document.
Meander is a curve
Meander is curves.
Meander is part of streams.
Meanders are dynamic features.
Meanders are freely-swinging, winding stream channels.
Meanders are normally ephemeral, constantly changing.
Meanders are the result of both erosional and depositional processes.
Meanders are u-bends formed by rivers as they wind their way along towards the sea.
Meanders begin to form in newly developing floodplain.
Meanders crawl along a valley, eventually migrating downstream because of the slope of the valley.
Meanders develop, which lengthen the course of the stream, decreasing the gradient.
Meanders form through a combination of factors.
Meanders occur where the stream finds a barrier of resistant rock and attempts to flow around it.
Meanders reduce the slope of the stream and slow down the moving water.
Meanders usually occur in the middle or lower course, and are formed by erosion and deposition.
Meaner environments make people feel meaner.
Meaning making is at the heart of literacy.
Meaning of life is a great lesson to learn.
Meaning accrues through what people do and how they look.
Meaning are ideas.
Meaning are located in life.
Meaning are messages.
Meaning arises because people have to act.
Meaning arises either by integrating clues in our own body or by integrating clues outside.
Meaning arises from an interaction from medium, message, sender, receiver.
Meaning arises in the flow of conversation.
Meaning arises out of interaction.
Meaning bake the crust upside down.
Meaning becomes frivolous, And life becomes a bitter after taste.
Meaning becomes non -meaning becomes meaning without signification.
Meaning can be different for different people - meaning is plural.
Meaning can elevate, meaning can be murder.
Meaning comes back into their daily activities.
Meaning comes from context and groups decide what words mean.
Meaning comes from context.
Meaning comes from interaction, so interaction is important to human society.
Meaning comes from one's social network, with stronger loyalties between employers and employees.
Meaning comes in many levels.
Meaning comes only on reflection.
Meaning creates vitality.
Meaning demands reflection on the events.
Meaning depends on context where it is called.
Meaning depends on habits of responses, on association learning , or on response-tendencies .
Meaning depends on one's personal perception and truth is defined by each individual.
Meaning depends on rules.
Meaning depends on transaction type.
Meaning depends upon listening.
Meaning determines whether collective noun antecedents take singular or plural pronouns.
Meaning dissolves itself in commentary.
Meaning dominates metre here as well.
Meaning drink quickly drag Doing homework on the weekend is a drag .
Meaning emerges from the dialogue between text and reader.
Meaning exists only as shared meaning.
Meaning exists only where people hear, where people make connections.
Meaning exists totally within the social situation.
Meaning feel mentally all there.
Meaning flows naturally from people's connection with everything else in the universe.
Meaning get some sleep cheesy That is really a cheesy looking outfit.
Meaning get some sunshine.
Meaning gives action fullness.
Meaning goes public and the differences between people then decline toward being insignificant.
Meaning goes with attribute.
Meaning grows out of human purposes alone.
Meaning has power.
Meaning has something to do with experience, and each individual has a different experience of life.
Meaning has to be obvious for the child to enjoy reading and be captivated by the process.
Meaning implies some sort of goal, some teleological approach, and, for Camus, there is no goal.
Meaning involves a relationship between language and the world.
Meaning is a combination of semantics and pragmatics.
Meaning is a complex operation of projecting, blending, and integrating over multiple spaces.
Meaning is a concept that is relative and arbitrary.
Meaning is a function of context.
Meaning is a human category.
Meaning is a key component to learning, and especially for at-risk learners.
Meaning is a plank.
Meaning is a purely social phenomenon, and society is an unrealized project.
Meaning is a relation between a word and a combination of teaching cues and sensory experience.
Meaning is a shared endeavor sustained by a shared enthusiasm.
Meaning is a slipperly substance.
Meaning is a slippery substance.
Meaning is a state of mind in about the same way that running is a state of water.
Meaning is a truly mysterious quality that arises at the juncture of inner and outer realities.
Meaning is acquired socially.
Meaning is also contextual and co-textual.
Meaning is also generic - the narrative or dialogue fits in with the overall style of the film.
Meaning is also home to some interesting documents from around the net in the library .
Meaning is altered by the ordering and reordering of items, without any loss.
Meaning is always a fragile achievement.
Meaning is always subjective.
Meaning Is Ambiguous d.
Meaning is an act of imagination.
Meaning is an approximation, a guess.
Meaning is an effect of cultures.
Meaning is an emergent principle.
Meaning is an important element of representation.
Meaning is an important thing to integrate into character education programs.
Meaning is an intention, aim, or design.
Meaning is an invention of mind.
Meaning is assembled in semantic networks in which words are inserted in classes.
Meaning is at heart of all conflicts.
Meaning is attributed after the tragedy.
Meaning is better distinguished.
Meaning is both social, cultural and intensely personal.
Meaning is central to computation.
Meaning is central to human existence and art.
Meaning is chiselled out bit by bit, polished, broadned, inverted, discarded, revived.
Meaning is clear.
Meaning is composed by the interplay of a variety of cultural themes.
Meaning is conferred by others through paying attention.
Meaning is constantly deferred and always marked by absence, and meaning is therefore never fixed.
Meaning is constructed by individuals situated in a culture that influences that construction.
Meaning is constructed.
Meaning is context dependent.
Meaning is contextual, i.e. affected by related words.
Meaning is conveyed through the hands, facial expressions, and body shifts.
Meaning is created at the point of impact.
Meaning is created in letters through figures of speech and other narrative qualities.
Meaning is created out of the causal, chaotic events of life.
Meaning is created through shared and accumulated knowledge.
Meaning is created, fictional.
Meaning is created.
Meaning is critically important insofar as technical objects are socially defined.
Meaning is defined as that which provides value or significance.
Meaning is defined at the server and by convention.
Meaning is defined in terms of reference and truth.
Meaning is described in sets of triplets, much like simple sentences.
Meaning is differentiation.
Meaning is elusive and strongly reflects differing personal beliefs.
Meaning is encased in an image or thought.
Meaning is essential to human existence.
Meaning is exclusion.
Meaning is fluid.
Meaning is flux of winding or unwinding.
Meaning is found everywhere.
Meaning is found instinctively in languages.
Meaning is found more than just in words.
Meaning is found that goes to the core and depth of our being.
Meaning is found that satisfies, renews and sustains.
Meaning is important in mathematics and geometry is an important source of that meaning.
Meaning is imposed by people and cultures.
Meaning is in contribution, in living for something higher than self.
Meaning is in the eye of the beholder.
Meaning is independent of use.
Meaning is individual.
Meaning is inherently slippery.
Meaning is interpretation.
Meaning is interpreted through a cultural lens.
Meaning is just a function of the structures of the cultural system.
Meaning is just a handshake between sender and recipient.
Meaning is just part of the sense of the word.
Meaning is largely a function of the contexts within which events occur.
Meaning is lost.
Meaning is married to the intricate flesh and blood of story.
Meaning is more important than mechanics.
Meaning is more important.
Meaning is most important.
Meaning is much more in focus than linguistic form.
Meaning is negotiated over time.
Meaning is negotiated.
Meaning is never fully present in any one signifier, but is infinitely deferred or suspended.
Meaning is never present but always deferred.
Meaning is no longer fixed, context is everything.
Meaning is one of the most obvious and the most mysterious features of our intellectual lives.
Meaning is only meaning when it is made with other people.
Meaning is only possible because of difference.
Meaning is oriented toward the future.
Meaning is our despair.
Meaning is parabolic and literary.
Meaning is personal, unique, and based on each learner's individual experiences.
Meaning is pointless without the knowing.
Meaning is preferred to tension reduction as an explanation for behavior.
Meaning is primary.
Meaning is produced by a system of relations between signifiers.
Meaning is provided by creating distinctions.
Meaning is provided solely by the language community in question.
Meaning is provided to the categories by their accompanying dictionary definitions and thesaurus.
Meaning is realized only in the process of active, responsive understanding.
Meaning is reinforced by juxtaposing energetic, random marks against an illusionistic rendering.
Meaning is relational.
Meaning is relative to the culture that creates that meaning.
Meaning is relative.
Meaning is rendered as an unstable relation to objective and subjective value.
Meaning is seen as a construction of a social unit that shares a stake in a common situation.
Meaning is shared in successful communication.
Meaning is shown by a symbol, originally a pictograph, to which a phonetic value has been assigned.
Meaning is simply a concept.
Meaning is situated.
Meaning Is Socially Determined c.
Meaning is something people create for themselves.
Meaning is something that has to be assigned.
Meaning is something with infinite context.
Meaning is stacked atop meaning.
Meaning is studied in the sub-fields of semantics and pragmatics.
Meaning is symbolic and symbolic orders are fragile systems.
Meaning is TBD .
Meaning is the antecedent of commitment, and the original meaning of our work is service.
Meaning is the being of all that has been created and the nature even of our selfhood.
Meaning is the central fact of human existence with which psychoanalysis has to deal.
Meaning is the instinct that makes life possible.
Meaning is the lower limit of linguistic significance.
Meaning is the most important cueing system.
Meaning is the most profound manifestation of instinct.
Meaning is the result of understanding functions.
Meaning is the subjective experience associated with that contact, in sufficient proportion.
Meaning is the valued cargo in our trains of thought.
Meaning is tied to the inferential process.
Meaning is too vital to ignore.
Meaning is transitional as it is transitory, in the puns or bridges, the correspondence.
Meaning is ultimately something sensed, something manifest.
Meaning is unchanged.
Meaning is unclear.
Meaning is understood in relation to personal expression, imagination, intuition, the unconscious.
Meaning is unknown.
Meaning is unlimited because context is, in principle, multiple.
Meaning is use of syntax.
Meaning is use.
Meaning is usually clear from context.
Meaning is vital to memory, which is why nonsense phrases are so difficult to learn.
Meaning is what digests the memoir.
Meaning is what happens when it is looked at.
Meaning is what lets one perceive rewards which are concurrent with struggle.
Meaning is what sees one through struggles which offer no immediate rewards.
Meaning is what the recipient makes of the message.
Meaning is what's important.
Meaning is within.
Meaning is worthless something.
Meaning is written into music.
Meaning just do it until it makes sense.
Meaning just seems to be different.
Meaning lies beyond the boundaries of history, beyond the limits of personal and world-history.
Meaning looses all sense of subject importance.
Meaning makes a great many things endurable - perhaps everything.
Meaning makes a great many things endurable perhaps everything.
Meaning occurs at points of breakage and at points of juncture.
Meaning requires an perceiver.
Meaning requires paying attention.
Meaning requires time and context.
Meaning requires understanding wholes as well as parts.
Meaning reveals itself in flashes.
Meaning seems at once the most obvious feature of language and the most obscure aspect to study.
Meaning seems to be a function of complexity.
Meaning sounds really good but is actually pretty stupid.
Meaning suffers from the very abundance of images.
Meaning take out scenes.
Meaning takes time.
Meaning talk too much big stink The citizens made a big stink about the new nuclear power station.
Meanings appear in chronological order and are extensively illustrated with quotations.
Meanings are another story.
Meanings are arbitrary, as arbitrary as the links in a stack.
Meanings are clear and misunderstandings are sorted out.
Meanings are determined by what is said, rather than how it is is said.
Meanings are episodic.
Meanings are highly sensitive to linguistic and other context.
Meanings are in people.
Meanings Are in people.
Meanings are in the Words Themselves.
Meanings are indeterminate, constructed.
Meanings are larger than private heads.
Meanings are multiple, changing, contextual.
Meanings are static and words can change to identify the meanings.
Meanings are the product of social processes.
Meanings are the signifieds.
Meanings arise from the practice in production.
Meanings associated with appearances emerge in social interaction with others.
Meanings come from an outgrowth of a combination of theme, symbolism, and figurative language.
Meanings derive from properties.
Meanings embedded in each story vary as a function of the background and experience of the reader.
Meanings give the words meanings.
Meanings go along with identity.
Meanings made in space and time are forever subject to decay in space and time.
Meanings reside only in people.
All meaning is accounted for by the derivation rules.
All meaning is context dependent.
All meaning is derived from association and relationship with other words.
All meaning is derived from the agreement with others.
All meaning is grounded in context.
All meaning is in our minds.
All meanings have to be forged from scratch.
Any meaning ascribed to the object is connotational.
More meaning is visible.
More meaning means nothing, just more words.
Most meanings have multiple words.
Much meaning is expressed in few words.
Some meanings are satirical, scathing, or are meant to comment on the decadence of eighties society.
Meaningbased search is a search performed on the meanings of words rather than the literal text.
Meaningful access requires the availability of legal assistance.
Meaningful assessment guides learning.
Meaningful assessment is crucial to the ongoing improvement of teaching and learning processes.
Meaningful assessment starts with a baseline from which to make comparisons.
Meaningful assessments are essential in education and in life after school.
Meaningful assessments send a clear message to students that their work is valued.
Meaningful change can happen in organizations.
Meaningful change can only happen from the struggles of the powerless resisting the powerful.
Meaningful change can only occur with the inclusion off all.
Meaningful change demands effort and resources.
Meaningful change requires a new set of tools to help fight injustice.
Meaningful change requires thoughtful, incremental steps.
Meaningful changes can occur only over time.
Most meaningful change takes place in the context of church-based relationships.
Meaningful collaboration requires relationships that can take punishment.
Meaningful comments continue the guidelines just described.
Meaningful communication allows both sides to speak and be heard.
Meaningful communications Ask the client for meaningful and meaningless communications.
Meaningful comparisons are therefore limited.
Meaningful competition is virtually non-existent out of Denver according to every measure.
Meaningful connections happen when there is compassion and trust.
Meaningful contributions require techniques and information from many endeavors.
Meaningful conversation is much more desired than small-talk.
Meaningful conversations bring people together.
Most meaningful conversations take place in doorways or on slow-moving motorcycles.
Meaningful data are available from most states.
Meaningful debates require that both sides maintain adult behavior.
Meaningful dialogue presupposes initial well-defined inputs from the participants.
Meaningful discounts are available for multiple domains.
Meaningful discussion assumes a much higher level of active listening.
Meaningful discussions are also part of the class as are frequent exchanges of opinions.
Meaningful discussions require a willingness to evaluate both the benefits and risks.
Meaningful distinctions are only possible in terms of considerations extrinsic to the system.
Meaningful dreams can then have time to occur.
Some meaningful effort requires resources.
Meaningful employment is available in the East Tennessee area.
Meaningful experiences are in short supply.
Meaningful feedback is provided on each assignment.
Meaningful feedback means more than just a sentence saying the student is doing well.
Any meaningful feedback is mostly welcome.
Meaningful footage is whatever tells the story, develops the characters or sets the tone.
Meaningful football is just around the corner.
Meaningful freedom involves the presence of internal restraint and sound judgment.
Meaningful gifts are the best kind, so base gifts on client interests whenever possible.
Meaningful goals are important.
Meaningful growth entails risks.
Meaningful growth requires more than good ideas.
Meaningful improvement begins when leaders develop a vision and work towards implementation.
Meaningful information is obtained by studying map series of land use in the same city over time.
Meaningful information is relevant to the person who receives it.
More meaningful information is obtained by combining consecutive bits into larger units.
Meaningful involvement generates ownership of the final product.
Meaningful involvement is one of the keys to working with youth.
Meaningful knowledge is filed and cross referenced with other knowledge to which it is connected.
Meaningful language is learnable language.
Meaningful leisure is an essential source of self-esteem, and positive self image.
Meaningful lessons encourage the importance of active participation in conserving our resources.
Meaningful material is easier to learn than nonsense syllables.
Meaningful material is forgotten less readily than nonsense material.
Meaningful material is learned more quickly and retained longer.
Meaningful material is remembered more readily than is meaningless.
Meaningful material is remembered much more easily than is meaningless material.
Meaningful mathematics is like journalism-it tells an interesting story.
Meaningful names are appropriate for virtually anything that requires a name.
Meaningful names are easier to remember.
Meaningful negotiations require substantive political discourse.
Meaningful opportunities are everywhere.
Meaningful outcomes refer to progress that is manifested as improvement in the way a person lives.
Meaningful practice involves understanding and accepting others.
Meaningful prediction requires careful monitoring of a volcano's vital signs.
Meaningful problems are better teachers than teachers.
Meaningful promotion is included as part of our standard service.
Meaningful reflection takes practice.
Meaningful reform entails changing the way business is conducted.
Meaningful reform requires time, energy, commitment, and focus.
Meaningful relationships are hard to find.
Meaningful relationships can be terrific.
Meaningful relationships form.
Meaningful reparation is rare.
Meaningful results are generally only possible by the application of large-scale scientific surveys.
Meaningful review requires sufficient evidence and trial court findings.
Meaningful ritual is the basis for family bonding over a lifetime.
Meaningful rituals can enhance our lives and imbue every day with a sense of the sacred.
Meaningful symbols are engaged but their combinations sometimes seem arbitrary.
Meaningful symbols can become meaningless rituals, and have often done so.
Meaningful tasks involve collaboration, problem-based, and authenticity.
Meaningful testing based on standard curriculums is nonexistent.
Meaningful time spent is the essence of a life well-lived.
Meaningful transitions can only begin at the point of shared relevance.
Meaningful transitions can only start at a point of shared relevance.
Meaningful transitions connect ideas.
Meaningful understanding is the basis for the insights which make significant appreciation possible.
Meaningful unity comes from walking in the light.
Meaningful visitation is one of the most important services provided to parents.
Meaningful work can be involvement in an environmental or community project.
Meaningful work is a key to recovery.
Meaningful work is one of the most beneficial forms of therapy.
Meaningful work is worship and connects to our soul's higher purpose.
Meaningful work teaches youngsters the importance of their contributions to the group.
Meaningful work translates into lifetime learning.
Meaningful work works.
Meaningful workshop takes place.
Meaningful worship involves three elements prayer, praise and preaching.
Meaningful worship leads people to a mature and living faith.
Meaningful writing is always for an audience and purposeful.
Meaningfulness increases the degree to which a pattern, once detected, is interpretable.
Meaningfulness is significance
Meaningless action can short-circuit the chance to discover a good age.
Meaningless affirmations follow.
Meaningless flings are easier, carry less emotional baggage but of course are less meaningful.
Meaningless flings can also be terrific.
Meaningless flings offer much more variety than meaningful relationships.
Meaninglessness can thus cause lethargy, depression, hopelessness and illness.
Meaninglessness inhibits fullness of life and is therefore equivalent to illness.
Meaninglessness is a message
Meaninglessness is a sign of growth.
Meanness is evil
Meanness occurs in tampons ads as well.
Means library owns a title for that range of volumes and years, but there are numerous gaps.
Meantime authorities can develop their existing co-operative arrangements.
Meantime hatred grows apace.
Meantime membership continues to rise, but slowly.
A meany is an oppressor
Meanies are creatures with strange features.
Meany also offers three rope tows with virtually no lift lines.
Measle prefers the darkness.
Measles also appears to cause a secondary vitamin A deficiency.
Measles also can cause pneumonia, brain damage, seizures or death.
Measles also causes acute problems of malnutrition, diarrhea, and pneumonia.
Measles are a disease that is very troublesome and can often be deadly.
Measles are highly contagious to children.
Measles can be a killer and can also cause long term development problems and fits.
Measles can be a major cause of death in such situations.
Measles can be a serious and life threatening illness.
Measles can cause brain damage and injure childrens' eyesight.
Measles can cause death and severe disability.
Measles can cause death.
Measles can cause high fever, rash and cough.
Measles can manifest as a congenital or acquired disease.
Measles can precipitate subacute sclerosing panencephalitis and encephalomyelitis.
Measles can result in serious, sometimes fatal complications.
Measles can sometimes lead to dangerous complications such as pneumonia.
Measles continue to have a presence in the United States, affecting primarily young adults.
Measles make themselves known without having to be prodded to debut by any conifer tea.
Measles occur more commonly on smooth-skinned cucurbits harvested in fall and on heavy soil types.
Measles pneumonia in young adults.
Measles spreads very easily from person to person.
Measles still afflict many people.
Measles still afflicts many people.
Measles still causes deaths in Australian children.
Measles still occurs throughout the world, and is frequently imported into the United States.
Measles still poses a public health problem.
Measles frequently results in serious diarrhoea.
Measles usually begin with cold-like symptoms followed by a high fever and a rash three days later.
Some measles causes pneumonia.
Measles vaccines are available for free in health centers.
Measles vaccines are prerequisite for all children around the world, at least once in a lifetime.
Measles vaccines reduce likelihood.
Measles isa disease.
Measurable benefits are most important.
Measurable benefits are real.
Measurable breaks separate the songs on record albums.
Measurable cardinals are interesting for a variety of reasons.
Measurable cardinals are weakly compact.
Measurable cardinals make a first appearance.
Measurable data is more reliable because it can be analyzed.
Measurable disease is necessary to objectively define tumor response.
Measurable goals are directly related to the student's present level of educational performance.
Measurable goals are goals that can be quantified.
Measurable goals are important.
Measurable goals are set, focus is on output.
Measurable goals are useful for evaluation purposes.
Measurable objectives allow for determinations of when, and whether, they have been achieved.
Measurable objectives are in proper form.
Measurable objectives cite the data source for the baseline.
Measurable objectives encourage a domineering, authoritarian leadership style.
Measurable objectives provide direction for action.
Measurable outcomes are sometimes tacit in the goals of the program as announced in the guidelines.
Measurable programs manifesting design generate belongs technologies, recognition.
Measurable results are always preferred over good intentions.
Measurable results are important.
Measurable results are well above industry standards.
Measurable results justify the cost of training.
Measurable selections arise in the book in connection with differential inclusions.
Measurable settings eliminate operator judgement in achieving proper setup.
Measurable snow falls only once every three or four years.
Measure cups fill with water.
Measure cups have rims.
Most measure cups fill with water.
Most measure cups have rims.
Measure earthquakes cause damage.
Measures of dispersion describe the spread of values around the distribution center.
Measures of dispersion indicate how much the data in a given set of numerical data are spread out.
Measures of dispersion provide a more complete picture.
Some measure spoons hold gram powder.
Some measure spoons hold powder.
A measure is a move
Measure affecting campaign spending by unions also qualifies.
Measure aims to prevent gun sales to minors.
Measure allows engaging in, assisting medical use of marijuana, within specified limits.
Measure allows parents that choice.
Measure also presents summary statistical information on all the files processed.
Measure amounts by weight.
Measure angles in degrees.
Measure angles in radians.
Measure angles to the nearest degree.
Measure angles using a circular protractor.
Measure angles with a protractor.
Measure angles with respect to the pole of the plane.
Measure applies to state, federal, and private waters and land.
Measure arount the narrowest part of the waist.
Measure articulates form.
Measure bars medical benefits for non-disability retirees.
Measure calls for authorizing the firms to pay off debt with ratepayer money.
Measure can be inches, centimeters, or points.
Measure changes in teaching strategies.
Measure cornflakes into a plastic bag.
Measure cornmeal into a large, heavy saucepan.
Measure creates fund using Oregon s share of tobacco litigation settlement.
Measure creates fund using Oregon's share of tobacco litigation settlement.
Measure darks with long enough exposures to get significant counts.
Measure dc winding resistances with a four-terminal measurement setup.
Measure distances in room and around the school.
Measure distances indirectly.
Measure distances instantly and accurately to within one yard.
Measure distances on a variety of maps.
Measure distances on maps and globes.
Measure distances on plan and profiles.
Measure distances one, five, and ten feet from each station to serve as observation points.
Measure distances to the feature from the closest grid lines to the west and south of it.
Measure distances using a measuring device.
Measure distances using a tape measure or other measuring device.
Measure distances using a tape measure.
Measure distances with a tape measure or other measuring device.
Measure drifts separately.
Measure elbow at widest point.
Measure eliminates state authority to regulate private land use, zoning in cities, counties.
Measure feeds by weight rather than by volume to determine appropriate rations.
Measure feeds by weight rather than volume to determine appropriate rations.
Measure flows in active regions.
Measure Give each student a diagram of a computer spreadsheet.
Measure has no option to control preprocessing.
Measure hinge placement from top of door to top of hinges.
Measure hips at fullest.
Measure impacts to the indicators consistently under all alternatives.
Measure Indicates the number of work stoppages during the period.
Measure inseam down inner seam of well-fitting slacks to the length preferred.
Measure is a structure commensurate with the relations by which that structure is constituted.
Measure is extremely easy to operate.
Measure is in use.
Measure is inexpensive and can be tried for free.
Measure is provided in binary distribution.
Measure is reviewed on the previous page.
Measure is the abstract base class for a set of classes dealing with coordinates.
Measure is the dialectic of quantity and quality which passes into the recognition of something.
Measure is, however, quite secondary to message.
Measure looks at all direct and indirect contacts up to path length X steps.
Measure looks at all direct and indirect contacts.
Measure makes complete information regarding employer costs available to the public.
Measure means to find out how big or long something is by using a measuring unit.
Measure move distances on a scale drawing.
Measure nonetheless allows adult library books addressing homosexualuity with adult-only access.
Measure objects to find their length.
Measure objects using non-standard units.
Measure objects weight in grams.
Measure only looks at direct contacts.
Measure parallax for the following points, and determine the difference in parallax.
Measure Pass out the worksheet.
Measure pellet height and weight.
Measure plastid genome size.
Measure progress every step of the way.
Measure progress frequently against target milestones, and keep management informed.
Measure progress frequently.
Measure progress regularly.
Measure Provide each student with an index card with that student's first name.
Measure quantities indirectly using algebra, geometry or trigonometry.
Measure raindrop sizes for different storms.
Measure repeals weight-mile tax.
Measure results to see if they look like victory.
Measure results with business cases developed by other industry groups.
Measure Review the bean planting activity as a group.
Measure roast at thickest point.
Measure rows per inch, too.
Measure saddle camber at deepest point.
Measure scratches, pits, digs, and grooves.
Measure stand area.
Measure strains on wide tensile type specimens where the strains are non-uniform and large.
Measure sugars onto a sheet of wax paper.
Measure toughens penalties for the worst young offenders.
Measure trace atmospheric species to investigate the effects of manmade emissions.
Measure uses the position of the mouse cursor to measure any image displayed on the computer screen.
Measure vinegar into a mixing bowl.
Measures addressing term limits are a continuing trend.
Measures adopted by the media Several national media have offices and staff in Basque country.
Measures aggregate economic activity available, encompassing every sector of the economy.
Measures also aim at advancing understanding, tolerance and solidarity.
Measures also can link an organization s activities and real-world results.
Measures also fail to keep pace with technology and market trends.
Measures also indicate the possibility of head injury.
Measures also indicate the possibility of knee and lower leg injuries.
Measures amounts of detergents or house hold cleaners to clean the house.
Measures amounts of ingredients for cooking.
Measures angles and distances on any photo.
Measures angles in photographic surveys.
Measures angles using a protractor.
Measures angles using protractor.
Measures angles, area, and volume.
Measures arcs with template.
Measures are abstraction.
Measures are activities, programs or services that limit or reduce the emission of greenhouse gases.
Measures are also under way to improve expenditure control and treasury cash management.
Measures are approximate and subject to slight changes, of course.
Measures are complete collars length.
Measures are containers.
Measures are difficult to find and apply.
Measures are in both English and Spanish, and selected other languages.
Measures are in meters.
Measures are in place at educational institutions to prepare people for work or future training.
Measures are in place to address such violations, including dismissal if appropriate.
Measures are in place to assist the population.
Measures are in place to filter inappropriate Internet content.
Measures are in place to protect patient confidentiality.
Measures are maneuvers.
Measures are musical notation.
Measures are only tools.
Measures are quantifiable and can be counted.
Measures are similar to indicators, but are more concrete and more specific.
Measures are the best way to validate the partnership.
Measures are the processes used to determine the actual level achieved on the desired criterion.
Measures are the specific variables to be reported for each property.
Measures are the values that are actually counted in a calculation.
Measures are to be piloted before application.
Measures are under way to move such equipment and erect soundproof barriers.
Measures are up for vote in Assembly tonight.
Measures are useful for locating events along a route.
Measures are, however, necessary to ensure the diversity and quality of the services.
Measures Become Effective.
Measures begin with exploring the reasons the child in question is visiting the site at issue.
Measures being initiated include a new entrance construction of questionable appearance.
Measures can also be negative results or adverse side- effects.
Measures can be as simple as the strategic planning of refugee sites.
Measures can show the effectiveness of purchasing, and identify areas needing improvement.
Measures change in gemstone's surface temperature.
Measures change over time as the priorities of the organization change.
Measures changes in student attitudes and behavior as a result of prevention curriculum infusion.
Measures changes in teachers' knowledge, skills, classroom instruction.
Measures changes in water volume due to evaporation and melting of snow.
Measures contemplate the reduction of budget expenditures as well as revenue increases.
Measures correct ratio using dual-tank, internal mixing system.
Measures correct ratio using innovative, dual-tank, internal mixing system.
Measures create the X-axis of the table.
Measures curvature in two dimensions of a patient's cornea.
Measures Cut down use of electric power through structural adjustment and technological improvement.
Measures dc voltage and dc current.
Measures designed to aid in the diagnosis and assessment of the severity of delirium are available.
Measures differ in appropriateness for different age groups.
Measures distances and marks guidelines on surfaces to lay out work.
Measures distances on land.
Measures distances on the map.
Measures distances with steel tapes and prisms using temperature and tension connections.
Measures employed so far include function word doubletons and the most common words used.
Measures end results of training programs against objectives.
Measures file copying time.
Measures flash and ambient light.
Measures focus on personal development and increasing the employability of participants.
Measures focus on the acquisition of basic skills and work placements.
Measures focus on the protection and management of foraging grounds.
Measures given here are ranges with selected European averages.
Measures given include price, mpg ratings, engine size, body size, and indicators of features.
Measures guide actions and actions cause the attitudes.
Measures have to be instituted to assess Pakistan intentions.
Measures have to be proportionate to the problem.
Measures have to be taken each season to ensure survival in the league.
Measures Improve slug quality by reforming process and reduce amount generated, etc.
Measures improve with time and experience.
Measures indicate likely left leg injury and possible right leg injury.
Measures indicate possible left leg injury.
Measures indicate the risk of injury was low, although there was too much steering wheel movement.
Measures indices in a fully calibrated image.
Measures individuals with disabilities using adaptive measuring devices.
Measures inspired by envy or a desire to appease it, such as progressive taxation, do likewise.
Measures intake for fluid balance status.
Measures link importance.
Measures liquids without spilling.
Measures Make efforts to adopt energy-saving models when increasing or renewing electric cars.
Measures mesh with rule to ensure that net meets size specifications.
Measures microscopic amounts of blood in feces.
Measures objects and events.
Measures papaya handlers can take to control fruit loss are shown below, by risk factor.
Measures pasture height.
Measures pertaining to innovation policy are major components in the regions' growth strategies.
Measures platen for conformance to specified diameter, using C-gage.
Measures plies to verify width and angle, using ruler and protractor.
Measures preset gallons of soft water, signals the softener to regenerate, then resets itself.
Measures processes using non-financial indicators.
Measures progress weekly.
Measures Raise the recycling of surplus dirty slush and waste diatom.
Measures reflect key facets of an organization s mission, purpose, and objectives.
Measures related to speed of learning have an additional weakness.
Measures represent one concept.
Measures results through market research and develops modifications accordingly.
Measures return to investor purchase shares at market price.
Measures seam thickness and seam height.
Measures send signals into organization as to what is really important.
Measures shingles as they pass on conveyor, using tape rule.
Measures skills gaps for teams and individuals.
Measures soil organic quality and compost maturity.
Measures suggest conclusion.
Measures taken by the municipality is first and foremost attached to the county plan.
Measures taken to prevent releases also help improve productivity and quality.
All measures are approximate, can be varied to tastes.
All measures are approximate.
All measures are in cm, unless indicated otherwise.
All measures are in millimetres.
All measures are in seconds.
All measures are pending.
All measures converge on the same conclusion.
All measures eventually link to organizational outcomes.
All measures give similar results for top and bottom ranked scholars.
All measures have both good and bad sides.
All measures have some strengths and weaknesses.
All measures indicate water quality is improving.
All measures undertaken are to be in accordance with national policies.
All measures using dollars are in constant dollars.
Any measure acted upon in that house the previous day is listed in numerical order.
Any measure taken to minimize pesticide entry into the body is advantageous.
Every measure has to carry the same number as the corresponding measure in the score.
Every measure is numbered for easy rehearsing.
Every measure is taken to assure the transaction is safe.
Every measure is taken to insure the dogs are well cared for.
Every Measure is taken to keep the incidence in the hospital acquired infections to a minimum.
Every measure looks better.
Every measure taken to discourage tampering and theft is important.
Many Measures straddle the boundaries of the established design and construction disciplines.
Most measures are totally unrelated.
Most measures require that.
Most measures reveal statistically significant improvements in the climate for teaching.
Most measures use average squared or absolute derivatives.
Some measure is needed to assess the effect of the nonorthogonality of the designs.
Some measures are already available.
Some measures are also eligible for cash grants.
Some measures are cyclical, with a fixed range.
Some measures are different.
Some measures are in place to combat such activities.
Some measures are internal and some are benchmarking with external best practices.
Some measures are optional, such as discussion groups and interactive chats as mentioned above.
Some measures call for changes in the state plan and the state planning commission.
Some measures can reduce the risk of accidental poisonings.
Some measures can significantly reduce the likelihood of getting injured.
Some measures however are critical to the entire experiment.
Some measures incorporate both.
Some measures leave out non-cash benefits, such as food stamps, health care, and subsidized housing.
Some measures make sense because they are relatively inexpensive.
Some measures relate to older adolescents.
Some measures track corporatewide performance while others focus on individual business units.
Measureable results are important.
Measured bandwidths are narrower.
Measured brightness depends on the technique used.
Measured conditions are preferred, but estimated wind speeds are acceptable.
Measured data are always preferred over predicted data.
Measured data are in good agreement withthe performance model.
Measured data is used to develop models of shuttle and station artificial lights.
Measured data is usually continuous.
Measured data provides a basis for estimating operability and survival limits.
Measured distance is transfered to the host controller for further analysis.
Measured distances suggest that the peptide is in an extended, possibly beta-strand, conformation.
Measured Drawings are both functional and aesthetic.
Measured estrogens are in the normal levels.
Measured parameters are ready to be passed over to modeling tools.
Measured phone calls to the internet can be quite expensive.
Measured points range from ca.
Measured pressures are the only source of pressure data for such zones.
Measured quantities are traceable to international standards.
Measured quantities reflect weighted averages over all of the microscopic degrees of freedom.
Measured results agree with simulated ones.
Measured results agree with simulated results.
Measured service is almost always more expensive.
Measured specifications are thus increasingly important in evaluating digital audio product.
Measured steps advance the understanding of molecular motors.
Measured time can consist of many possible measures, called talas.
Measured traces show no significant drift.
Measured units are specific values of dimensions defined by law or custom.
Measured Values Let's first take up measured values.
Measurement accuracy depends on calibration accuracy.
Measurement accuracy is a function of image quality and correlation parameter settings.
Measurement accuracy is affected by compounds that competitively quench the fluorescence.
Measurement accuracy is important in reverse engineering.
Measurement bias occurs from miscalibrated instruments and equipment failures.
Measurement devices provide important data regarding the project.
Measurement devices undergo special tests to prove that they can be used as measurement means.
Measurement error is believed to be within acceptable limits.
Measurement error is the greatest hindrance to effective grading.
Measurement error is therefore the greatest hindrance to effective grading.
Measurement error occurs in many fields, such as biometry, epidemiology and economics.
Measurement error occurs when the input coordinates are from measurements.
Measurement error plagues community and clinical diagnosis alike.
Measurement error plays a big role in regression.
Measurement errors are common.
Measurement errors can be expensive.
Measurement errors pertaining to the cuff usually occur when an inappropriate cuff size is used.
Any measurement errors are easier to spot straight away.
Measurement instruments verify research and development results and document product quality.
Many measurement instruments have dozens of controls, each with a range of settings.
Measurement methods produce results.
Measurement methods produce similar results.
Measurement of distance is one of the most fundamental studies in astronomy.
Measurement of distance is relatively straightforward.
Measurements of distance are also related to measures of similarity and dissimilarity.
Measurement of time is vital to the scientific process.
Measurement problems are particularly prevalent when an opaque film has been deposited on the wafer.
Many measurement problems remain to be solved and new developments are needed.
Measurement standards are either weak or undefined.
Measurement standards are kind of generic tools.
Measurement system is computerized for operational ease.
Measurement systems are available specifically configured for the Spindle Error Analyzer.
Measurement systems are information.
Measurement systems use survey data to assess customer satisfaction and employee satisfaction.
All measurement systems have a sphere of influence and a response time.
All measurement systems have error, and all surveying systems derive coordinates from measurements.
Any measurement system can have errors due to vibration or scan rate.
Measurement tools are available.
Many measurement tools highlight only community deficits.
Measurement uncertainty estimates for reprocessing facilities.
Measurement uncertainty is known and it is consistent with measurement requirements.
Every measurement unit is a factor of ten smaller or larger than the closest other measurement unit.
A measurement is an activity
Measurement alone is limited in generality.
Measurement appears to be the major concern of most agencies.
Measurement approaches to guide policy development and evaluation.
Measurement assumes ideal transmission channel conditions.
Measurement begins with entries in automated systems.
Measurement begins with tracking.
Measurement can be accurate only if the surface to be measured is perpendicular to the camera.
Measurement can be direct or indirect.
Measurement can be extremely useful to a product designer, working in a limited context.
Measurement can be part of the strategy.
Measurement can be part of their strategy.
Measurement can include qualitative data, such as information from customer surveys.
Measurement can refer to both the score obtained and the process used.
Measurement captures information about a system.
Measurement collapses the wave-function.
Measurement consists of three steps.
Measurement consists of using observation to compare the thing being measured to a standard.
Measurement covers everything from metric units to measuring angles.
Measurement creates the illusion of control.
Measurement depends on instrument type.
Measurement excludes the claws.
Measurement eyepieces with reticles.
Measurement focuses on perimeter and area of rectangles, parallelograms, triangles, and circles.
Measurement gives clear feedback to participants and managers.
Measurement gives feedback to make communities more effective.
Measurement gives information about how well the business strategy is progressing over time.
Measurement helps describe our world using numbers.
Measurement helps drive performance.
Measurement includes length, capacity and mass, money, time, and calendar.
Measurement introduces the standard nominal, ordinal, interval and ratio scales.
Measurement involves comparison of the quantity of interest with a standard called a unit.
Measurement involves the application of number, spatial, and other qualities of objects and events.
Measurement is a central point of engineering activities.
Measurement is a component of the research projects.
Measurement is a constant challenge, as is sampling strategy.
Measurement is a dimension, quantity, or capacity determined by comparison to a standard unit.
Measurement is a discipline that requires both effort and financial investment.
Measurement is a fundamental distinction in our strategic EHS management and policy approach.
Measurement is a great motivator.
Measurement is a key aspect of management.
Measurement is a natural extension of matching and estimating.
Measurement is a prerequisite for accountability.
Measurement is a research step related to sampling and the estimates derived from it.
Measurement is a tool for social action.
Measurement is a verification of real hardware performance.
Measurement is a way of quantifying a comparison to a standard.
Measurement is a well-established practice in all engineering disciplines except software.
Measurement is able to provide a number, but fails to reveal any interpretation.
Measurement is active.
Measurement is along center line.
Measurement is an activity which has served human purposes for thousands of years.
Measurement is an advantage.
Measurement is an essential component of continuous improvement.
Measurement is an essential performance tool for improving colleges.
Measurement is an important way for young children to look for relationships in the real world.
Measurement is an iterative process.
Measurement is both a science and an art.
Measurement is central to physics and nearly all discoveries involve experiment.
Measurement is certainly a major contribution of math to the many areas of science.
Measurement is conducted at the close of the spring term of a full academic year.
Measurement is conducted through testing covering the content standards.
Measurement is critical to research.
Measurement is critical to the successful management of sales and marketing organizations.
Measurement is critical.
Measurement is defined as the interpretation of a test score.
Measurement is description - explanation is another task altogether.
Measurement is done using personal air samplers.
Measurement is especially important in order to ensure that the approaches utilized are effective.
Measurement is essential for better management and for demonstrating our progress.
Measurement Is Everything.
Measurement is explored along with basic geometric concepts.
Measurement is extremely important.
Measurement is from center back of neck to hem.
Measurement is from cut-off rule.
Measurement is fun.
Measurement is fundamental to science and technology.
Measurement is important.
Measurement is impulsionnal to limit power dissipation inside apparatus itself.
Measurement is in accordance with respective Chinese national codes and standards for kWh meters.
Measurement is in both standard and metric.
Measurement is included.
Measurement is independent of chemical composition or contaminants.
Measurement is key to managing for results.
Measurement is key.
Measurement is made at the narrowest part of both beams above the trez.
Measurement is made by the number of grains per cubic foot of gas emitted.
Measurement is made in a contact mode with sensor window.
Measurement is made in a straight line.
Measurement is made under everyday conditions.
Measurement is made using two near infrared LED's.
Measurement is made with a special torque transducer and a turbine speed pickup.
Measurement is made with a vectorscope and is viewed as follows.
Measurement is meant to be taught in the context of a mathematics unit.
Measurement is more precise.
Measurement is necessary to improve the effectiveness of an organization.
Measurement is needed to control fibre diameter.
Measurement is one of the biggest challenges.
Measurement is one of the most widely used applications of mathematics.
Measurement is one the weakest parts for many students.
Measurement is only as good as the records that are dept.
Measurement is only linear.
Measurement is only useful if there is a model for improving performance based on that measurement.
Measurement is possible if it is seriously pursued.
Measurement is quasi-simultaneous between reference standards and unknowns.
Measurement is recognized as difficult and error-prone.
Measurement is replaced by empathy.
Measurement is required when logger is used for thermocouple measurements.
Measurement is secondary to management.
Measurement is self-reporting.
Measurement is simple.
Measurement is so critical to success, a more detailed analysis is helpful.
Measurement is somewhat pointless.
Measurement is still another important element in the implementation of knowledge strategies.
Measurement is taken after three jumps from the center of the stage.
Measurement is taken between the active and dispersive electrodes with closed load only.
Measurement is taken from the ground up to the withers, the highest point on the horse's shoulder.
Measurement is taken from the inside of the stopboard to the nearest point of contact.
Measurement is taken in inches of mercury .
Measurement is the assignment of numbers to things.
Measurement is the assignment of numerals to a system according to a set of rules.
Measurement is the basis to create and maintain metrics.
Measurement is the beginning and the re-beginning of the improvement process.
Measurement is the breaking up of a quantum of energy into equal units.
Measurement is the collection of quantitative data.
Measurement is the discovery and estimation of such ratios.
Measurement is the essence of any practice that seeks to improve productivity.
Measurement is the 'fencing in' of the value of a number.
Measurement is the first step that leads to control and eventually improvement.
Measurement is the heart of improvement.
Measurement is the key to any improvement.
Measurement is the key to keeping jitter under control.
Measurement is the key to modern eclecticism.
Measurement is the key to prudent purchasing.
Measurement is the necessary way towards a scientific approach.
Measurement is the only answer.
Measurement is the rules for assigning numbers to objects to represent quantities of attributes.
Measurement is time in seconds.
Measurement is to be taken on a line from the top seam of the crotch down the inside of the leg.
Measurement is used in some form in almost every profession.
Measurement is useful in itself, but it also provides a good argument for broader change.
Measurement is usually against a benchmark.
Measurement is usually from the collarbone to ankle.
Measurement is valuable as an integrating skill throughout the curriculum and in everyday life.
Measurement isa activity.
Measurement lends itself especially well to the use of concrete materials.
Measurement lies at the heart of modern science, but a number by itself conveys no information.
Measurement means a repeatable, objective procedure for generating a measure.
Measurement occurs in the sensor unit.
Measurement precedes management.
Measurement presents another challenge.
Measurement provides a basis for accountability.
Measurement provides feedback on progress toward objectives.
Measurement provides the key.
Measurement refers to what items to include or emphasize in the financial reports.
Measurement requires a known standard and base.
Measurement requires access to a point where the loop is confined to a single path.
Measurement requires data and the primary data source is financial statements.
Measurement requires little or no sample preparation.
Measurement requires the involvement of a range of employees.
Measurement shows below map.
Measurement starts in de Sensory-mode.
Measurement takes place during inflation.
Measurement unavoidably perturbs quantum systems, making feedback control problematic.
Measurements accurate down to a thousandth of an inch are made before a giant turret can be fitted.
Measurements agree p ecisely.
Measurements agree well with predictions if low-order rational surfaces are excluded.
Measurements agree with A. marshi.
Measurements agree with A. serotinus, female.
Measurements agree with type.
Measurements also help.
Measurements also indicate that the phenomenon is common throughout the country.
Measurements also suggest that cold sinking plumes in the mantle induce hot rising plumes.
Measurements are accurate and repeatable, resulting in increased throughput.
Measurements are accurate over a wide range of resistivities and borehole-fluid types.
Measurements are accurate, linear, and easy to analyze.
Measurements are activities.
Measurements are acutely dependent on the observer's point of view.
Measurements are all approximate.
Measurements are also in kilometers.
Measurements are an application of mathematics, for example in trigonometry.
Measurements are approx.
Measurements are approximate and are subject to correction.
Measurements are approximate as all sized pouches can be used.
Measurements are approximate.
Measurements are as accurate as possible.
Measurements are as close as possible to actual dimensions.
Measurements are at bottom of page.
Measurements are below the thumbnail pics on each order page.
Measurements are boring.
Measurements are both in English and Metric.
Measurements are continuous.
Measurements are correct as indicated.
Measurements are crucial when ordering.
Measurements are daily mean values in units of cfs.
Measurements are deterministic, nonlocal events.
Measurements are easier to make on a continuous data carrier than on upstream, bursty signals.
Measurements are end to end.
Measurements are estimates, since only a few bone fragments have been found.
Measurements are estimates.
Measurements are faulty when judging school districts in their totality.
Measurements are flexible.
Measurements are for inside of each case.
Measurements are for loosely packed torn greens.
Measurements are for unwashed diapers and diaper covers.
Measurements are from beak to tip of tail.
Measurements are from centers of the lines.
Measurements are from clevis pin to bottom of furler drum.
Measurements are from property line to property line.
Measurements are from the wall.
Measurements are from top of finial to top of skirt .
Measurements are from top of finial to top of skirt.
Measurements are fundamental to many of the disciplines which make up mechanical engineering.
Measurements are highly accurate and can be verified with one or two point calibration.
Measurements are imperial only.
Measurements are important because they are the starting point for improvements.
Measurements are in both Imperial and metric.
Measurements are in centimeters for a more precise fit.
Measurements are in degrees Fahrenheit and inches.
Measurements are in Egyptian royal cubits.
Measurements are in feet above mean sea level.
Measurements are in feet below land surface.
Measurements are in feet.
Measurements are in fig.
Measurements are in inches and are approximate.
Measurements are in inches followed by centimetres.
Measurements are in inches with height preceding width.
Measurements are in inches, height first.
Measurements are in inches, height preceding width, and are of the printed area only.
Measurements are in inches.
Measurements are in metric.
Measurements are in metrics.
Measurements are in micrometers, unless otherwise stated.
Measurements are in micrometers.
Measurements are in micrometres.
Measurements are in millimeters.
Measurements are in parts per billion.
Measurements are in U.S. units.
Measurements are in U.S., units.
Measurements are in width x depth.
Measurements are independent of night and day.
Measurements are key to improving types of measurement data.
Measurements are lengthwise around the egg.
Measurements are limited to the sizes of specimens found on the Arctic Archipelago.
Measurements are literally the difference between life and death.
Measurements are local, nondeterministic events.
Measurements are minimum sizes.
Measurements are much more likely to be completely precise than completely accurate.
Measurements are much more precise than when made with an eyepiece reticle scale.
Measurements are never infinitely precise.
Measurements are of the image itself, excluding text area, unless noted otherwise.
Measurements are of the outside curved side of the claw.
Measurements are off.
Measurements are often in centimeters, and prices are listed in English pounds.
Measurements are often inexact.
Measurements are often useful in identifying the depth to groundwater and capillary fringe.
Measurements are one way to perform an analysis, but they're very tricky.
Measurements are only as useful as they are accurate .
Measurements are operator-dependent, but produce quantifiable x and y measurement data.
Measurements are outside diameter.
Measurements are outside dimensions in inches and centimeters.
Measurements are possible in many ceramic and composite manufacturing materials.
Measurements are pragmatic observations and observation never eliminates uncertainty.
Measurements are quantitative.
Measurements are re-zeroed each time the road crosses a county or city line.
Measurements are simple, quick and accurate.
Measurements are subject to much regional variation.
Measurements are taken linearly from the launch site to the landing site.
Measurements are the key to achieving lower doses.
Measurements are the over-all length of the ribbon.
Measurements are the primary means to understanding digital channel transmission performance.
Measurements are the primary source of feedback to managers and workers alike.
Measurements are the raw data gathered from comparing an entity to a standard.
Measurements are the reliable basis for decision making.
Measurements are to be carried out by qualified institutes using measuring and monitoring systems.
Measurements are to be given to the recorder.
Measurements are to be in metric units.
Measurements are to be metric with imperial equivalents in parentheses if appropriate.
Measurements are to be taken from the concrete base to the bottom of the ball.
Measurements are to be taken on small bodies of water at the center of the lake.
Measurements are usually in grams, again for accuracy.
Measurements are vertical x horizontal.
Measurements are very important for scientists.
Measurements are very repeatable when tests are performed under consistent conditions.
Measurements are very repeatable.
Measurements become fuzzy with a fuzzy buffer.
Measurements become science.
Measurements can be active or pasive.
Measurements can include true phase and group delay.
Measurements can never prove that the rotation is exactly zero.
Measurements can vary depending on wind direction and time of year.
Measurements can vary with options chosen.
Measurements come in many different varieties.
Measurements Complete the following measurements for the lenses.
Measurements conducted within the program are diverse and include the following.
Measurements confirm existence.
Measurements confirm ideas.
Measurements confirm predictions.
Measurements consist of both a number and a unit.
Measurements consist of flame spread rates over three different size cylindrical cellulose samples.
Measurements constrain the theories of structure formation and the baryonic content of the universe.
Measurements contain a certain degree of uncertainty.
Measurements contribute to other periodontal indices in therapy decisions.
Measurements cover optical wavelengths from the ultraviolet, through the visible, to the infrared.
Measurements definately show varied signatures between measurement locations.
Measurements Discuss the data collection.
Measurements enable management by fact versus anecdotes.
Measurements ensure that everyone involved is working and talking from the same script.
Measurements focus inward rather than outward.
Measurements give information about individual items, and also processes.
Measurements give information.
Measurements give rise to estimates.
Measurements give specific information.
Measurements give values.
Measurements given are approximate.
Measurements given are for interior living space.
Measurements given for the different lice species are for adults.
Measurements gives math problems flesh and bones.
Measurements have a powerful effect on policy and on the economy.
Measurements have bias, as well.
Measurements have degrees.
Measurements have information.
Measurements have negative values.
Measurements have no errors.
Measurements have results.
Measurements have spatial information.
Measurements have to be quantitative.
Measurements have uncertainty.
Measurements have values.
Measurements indicate differences.
Measurements indicate that the mirrors exceed specifications at essentially all energies.
Measurements indicate that the roots obtain dissolved inorganic nitrogen from the sponges.
Measurements indicate the harmonics necessary for the manipulation of anti-gravity.
Measurements indicate the presence of an electric field surrounding the Earth.
Measurements involve collaboration with the international fusion community.
Measurements involve holography and phase-discriminating laser velocimetry.
Measurements involve relative size.
Measurements involve size.
Measurements involve uncertainty.
Measurements involving null indicators tend to be precise because they involve no reading of dials.
Measurements is conducted under high vacuum.
Measurements lack the context of business drivers.
Measurements listed are for the minimum cabinet opening required for installation.
Measurements listed are minimum cabinet dimensions necessary for installation.
Measurements listed are width, height, and depth, in inches.
Measurements listed below are minimum installation requirements for each installation option.
Measurements listed refer to total length unless otherwise indicated.
Measurements locate part features with respect to a known datum.
Measurements made in the foreshock are important for understanding the structure of the bow shock.
Measurements made of shadows can trace the path of the sun during the day.
Measurements made with real water drops provide comparable results.
Measurements motivate employees for different reasons.
Measurements never change.
Measurements ought to be recorded in both English and metric units .
Measurements overlook the change process that needs to occur.
Measurements play two significant roles in air pollution modelling.
Measurements print automatically as they are displayed.
Measurements provide a exact description when something something's and how often.
Measurements provide a window into the process as the work is happening .
Measurements provide circumstantial evidence.
Measurements provide evidence.
Measurements provide information.
Measurements provide values.
Measurements refer to dry matter.
Measurements refer to image area.
Measurements refer to the actual image size, height before width.
Measurements reflect changes in the intensity of light at the photodiode.
Measurements reflect permeability values.
Measurements reflect values.
Measurements reflecting phytoplankton dynamics are extremely important in characterizing lakes.
Measurements relate to growth.
Measurements represent actual measurement of body.
Measurements represent values.
Measurements require corrections.
Measurements reveal alarming levels of mangrove destruction.
Measurements serve science.
Measurements show accuracy.
Measurements show amounts.
Measurements show an abrupt phase transition.
Measurements show density.
Measurements show deviation.
Measurements show enhanced forward scatter, which is typical of large salt aerosol.
Measurements show evidence.
Measurements show good agreement with computer simulations.
Measurements show patterns.
Measurements show quite a range in variation.
Measurements show ranges.
Measurements show same amounts.
Measurements show size.
Measurements show that a refractive index change of the waveguide cladding of can be detected.
Measurements show that electrons can segregate themselves into multiple separate puddles.
Measurements show that the increase is the same at every point and equal to the applied pressure.
Measurements show that the spins are correlated in a non-local way.
Measurements show that the total amount of dust is about one-half the mass of the Moon.
Measurements show that there is an electric field surrounding the Earth.
Measurements show variation.
Measurements shown are for figures only.
Measurements shown are in inches.
Measurements shown are to the closet edge of the detector.
Measurements shown are typical of that size of egg.
Measurements span the last two years and include near-bottom currents and sediment data.
Measurements start at a temperature ca.
Measurements stated are approximate, prices quoted are retail.
Measurements suggest otherwise.
Measurements support conclusions.
Measurements support the simulations and the theoretical analysis.
Measurements take about two weeks.
Measurements Take measurements using an engineer's scale.
Measurements take only a few minutes and samples are generally recoverable.
Measurements taken from stadiometers are likely to be consistent and extremely accurate.
Measurements then tell whether refinements are needed.
Measurements use instruments.
Measurements use laws.
Measurements use techniques.
Measurements vary depending on the type of irrigation system.
Measurements vary from room to room.
Measurements Wait until the display has stabilized prior to recording resistance values.
Measurement often results in a decision to use less water.
Measurements often take the form of statistics on what the network is doing.
All measurement contains uncertainty.
All measurement exists within a system, and can only be understood within that system.
All measurement is carried out within a context.
All measurement is subject to some degree of uncertainty or error.
All measurements approx.
All measurements approximate.
All measurements are appropriate.
All measurements are approximant and measured at the largest area on the pendants.
All measurements are approximate , from memory .
All measurements are approximate .
All measurements are approximate and apply to the tallest point and the widest point of each piece.
All measurements are approximate and are for purposes of marketing.
All measurements are approximate and can vary from mug to mug.
All measurements are approximate and for guidance only.
All measurements are approximate and in inches.
All measurements are approximate and intended as a guide only.
All measurements are approximate and subject to change after project completion.
All measurements are approximate only.
All measurements are approximate, as the final size is determined by which toolbars are displayed.
All measurements are approximate, prices shown are retail.
All measurements are approximate.
All Measurements are approximate.
All measurements are approximates.
All measurements are approximations.
All measurements are averages except where noted.
All measurements are before washing.
All measurements are body measurements.
All measurements are center to center.
All measurements are close to approximate.
All measurements are computer based using digitally generated signals.
All measurements are computer controlled and monitored.
All measurements are critical.
All measurements are diagonal.
All measurements are done according to protocols approved by that committee.
All measurements are for one second of acquisition.
All measurements are from back of connector to back of connector.
All measurements are from head to toe.
All measurements are from plaster line or center line.
All measurements are from plaster line.
All measurements are from seam to seam.
All measurements are from the male holotype unless otherwise indicated.
All measurements are from the point of launch.
All measurements are front to back of track exclusive of the claw impressions.
All measurements are higher.
All measurements are highly accurate and reproducible.
All measurements are in centimeters and colored yellow in the diagrams, drill points are green.
All measurements are in centimeters.
All measurements are in centimetres, unless otherwise indicated.
All measurements are in centimetres.
All measurements are in degrees Fahrenheit.
All measurements are in elapsed seconds on an unloaded machine.
All measurements are in grams per liter of artificial seawater.
All measurements are in inches .
All measurements are in inches and describe the outside dimensions of the paper.
All measurements are in inches unless otherwise indicated.
All measurements are in inches unless otherwise specified.
All measurements are in inches.
All Measurements are in inches.
All measurements are in meters.
All measurements are in metres.
All measurements are in metric units.
All measurements are in millimeters, and the calculated spoke length is corrected for spoke stretch.
All measurements are in millimeters.
All measurements are in millimetres.
All measurements are in pixels, with the origin at the lower-left corner of the figure window.
All measurements are in staring mode to allow the best signal stabilization.
All Measurements are inside dimensions in inches.
All measurements are internal.
All measurements are level.
All measurements are metric and given in millimeters.
All measurements are metric unless otherwise stated.
All measurements are multiplication-intensive.
All measurements are nominal.
All measurements are nondestructive, fast, and require no sample preparation.
All measurements are now metric .
All measurements are of largest dimensions unless otherwise specified.
All measurements are of the dangle only.
All measurements are only approximents.
All measurements are percentage and ratio based.
All measurements are 'pixels'.
All measurements are plus unless otherwise indicated.
All measurements are relative to some standard.
All measurements are standard.
All measurements are subject to survey.
All measurements are subject to variation.
All measurements are theory-laden.
All measurements are to be given in metric units only.
All measurements are to be in metric units.
All measurements are to be in metric, with imperial units given in parentheses where appropriate.
All measurements are to be made in millimeters.
All measurements are to the nearest millimeter.
All measurements are to the outside edges of the speakers.
All measurements are true-rms.
All measurements are U.S. inches unless otherwise noted.
All measurements are usually level.
All measurements are very approximate.
All measurements are visible in the image.
All measurements are width by height.
All measurements are with respect to the day the shaft concrete was poured, designated as day one.
All measurements are, of course, traceable to national standards.
All measurements assume vertical sides and level bottom.
All measurements below are with underarm pad and tip installed.
All measurements carry an uncertainty.
All measurements contain errors.
All measurements given are of the keychain ornament only.
All measurements given are scale dimensions.
All measurements given below are level.
All measurements go on smoothly and extremely well.
All measurements harbor an inherent uncertainty.
All measurements have some extra room due to elastic.
All measurements indicate the dimensions of a book when closed unless otherwise indicated.
All measurements match exactly, right down to the drawings.
All measurements mentioned below are with ease.
All measurements provide numerical results which are available through the remote control interface.
All measurements quoted are approximate.
All measurements quoted are approximates.
All measurements reflect leakage from ducts to the outside of the building.
All measurements represent machine operating characteristics and are based on the machine's design.
All measurements require a decimal number and are assumed to be in feet.
All measurements start from the lower-left hand corner of the large square.
All measurements total of all material including any lips, curves or bends.
All measurements typically involve variability.
All measurements use inches.
All measurements use the decoupler for the proton pulses while observing protons.
All measurements used in the examination are in metric notation.
Any measurements lying outside of the sphere indicate a part out of color tolerance.
Every measurement has a degree of uncertainty associated with it.
Every measurement has a unit tied to it.
Every measurement has an associated uncertainty.
Every measurement has error associated with it.
Every measurement has some uncertainty associated with it, due to the precision of the instrument.
Many measurements are accurate to within one one-thousandth of an inch.
More measurements are underway.
Most measurements are in inches, but a few are metric.
Most measurements are smaller in firstborns than in subsequent babies.
Most measurements become science.
Most measurements confirm existence.
Most measurements confirm ideas.
Most measurements confirm predictions.
Most measurements give information.
Most measurements give specific information.
Most measurements give values.
Most measurements have degrees.
Most measurements have information.
Most measurements have negative values.
Most measurements have results.
Most measurements have spatial information.
Most measurements have uncertainty.
Most measurements have values.
Most measurements indicate differences.
Most measurements involve relative size.
Most measurements involve size.
Most measurements involve uncertainty.
Most measurements provide circumstantial evidence.
Most measurements provide evidence.
Most measurements provide information.
Most measurements provide values.
Most measurements reflect permeability values.
Most measurements reflect values.
Most measurements relate to growth.
Most measurements represent values.
Most measurements require some understanding in order to be used well.
Most measurements serve science.
Most measurements show accuracy.
Most measurements show amounts.
Most measurements show density.
Most measurements show deviation.
Most measurements show evidence.
Most measurements show patterns.
Most measurements show ranges.
Most measurements show same amounts.
Most measurements show size.
Most measurements show variation.
Most measurements support conclusions.
Most measurements use instruments.
Most measurements use laws.
Most measurements use techniques.
Some measurements are distributions and others are straight measurements.
Some measurements are inherently non-normal in their distribution.
Some measurements are more sensitive than others and require higher return losses.
Some measurements are non-local , e.g., the correlation function .
Some measurements are performed by european scientists.
Some measurements are performed by scientists.
Some measurements are repeat time.
Some measurements are too expensive for breeders to contemplate such as staple strength.
Some measurements are used by scientists.
Some measurements assess excretion.
Some measurements can address more than one scientific issue.
Some measurements cause problems.
Some measurements change arrangements.
Some measurements combine two or more techniques.
Some measurements compare weight.
Some measurements confirm assessments.
Some measurements confirm diagnoses.
Some measurements enable determination.
Some measurements follow protocols.
Some measurements have advantage.
Some measurements have contributions.
Some measurements have drawbacks.
Some measurements have major drawbacks.
Some measurements have potential.
Some measurements have significant potential.
Some measurements inaccurate but still well constructed and neat.
Some measurements indicate ability.
Some measurements indicate areas.
Some measurements indicate concentration.
Some measurements indicate depletion.
Some measurements indicate depth.
Some measurements indicate fire.
Some measurements indicate milk.
Some measurements indicate sediments.
Some measurements indicate stream sediments.
Some measurements indicate temperature.
Some measurements indicate trends.
Some measurements involve assumptions.
Some measurements involve background assumptions.
Some measurements involve resistance.
Some measurements measure intensity.
Some measurements measure light intensity.
Some measurements offer insight.
Some measurements prove assessments.
Some measurements provide descriptions.
Some measurements provide regulations.
Some measurements provide structures.
Some measurements relate to acceleration.
Some measurements relate to damage.
Some measurements require finer resolution, though.
Some measurements require monitors.
Some measurements require separation.
Some measurements reveal differences.
Some measurements reveal effects.
Some measurements reveal friction.
Some measurements reveal individual differences.
Some measurements reveal production.
Some measurements reveal significant differences.
Some measurements reveal significant individual differences.
Some measurements reveal specialization.
Some measurements shed light.
Some measurements show ages.
Some measurements show cards.
Some measurements show concentration.
Some measurements show conductors.
Some measurements show electromagnetic tsunamis.
Some measurements show good conductors.
Some measurements show health.
Some measurements show irregularity.
Some measurements show latitudes.
Some measurements show load.
Some measurements show proton conductors.
Some measurements show reductions.
Some measurements show results.
Some measurements show rotation.
Some measurements show solar wind.
Some measurements show sugar.
Some measurements show surfaces.
Some measurements show tsunamis.
Some measurements show wind.
Some measurements support observations.
Some measurements use images.
Some measurements use string.
A measurer is a person
Measurer can measure distances and angles between any two points on the screen.
Measurers have a lot of discretion in their choice of what and how to measure.
Measuring device isa instrument.
Measuring devices have (part) sections.
Meat alternatives are a home run.
Meat alternatives are fibrous in texture and taste very similar to the real thing.
Meat alternatives are products with a texture similar to meat that can replace meat in many dishes.
Meat alternatives made from soybeans are excellent sources of protein, iron and B vitamins.
Meat analogs are a convenient way to add additional sources of plant protein to the vegetarian diet.
Meat analogs are lower in fat and saturated fat than meat.
Many meat analogs are disappointing, but some variations on vegetarian bacon are surprisingly tasty.
Some meat analogs are high in salt.
Meat ants are a common and dominant ant species in much of non-coastal eastern Australia.
Meat cattle feed hay.
Meat consumption is associated with excess fat.
Meat consumption is just as dangerous to public health as tobacco use.
Meat consumption is probably the biggest contributor to parasites flourishing in our bodies.
Meat consumption tends to increase during all Jewish holidays.
Some meat consumption has success.
Some meat consumption increases cellular inflammation.
Some meat consumption increases inflammation.
Meat Cuts Learn about all the different cuts of meat and how meat is graded.
Meat Cutters Divide the primal cuts into chops, steaks and other retail cuts.
Meat cutters work in meat packing plants where they slaughter cattle, hogs, and sheep.
Many meat cutters belong to a union.
Meat cutting is a dangerous job.
Meat eaters are engaged in behavior.
Meat eaters are engaged in unhealthy behavior.
Meat eaters have large mouths.
Meat eaters have mouths.
Meat eaters kill large mammals.
Meat eaters kill mammals.
Meat eaters require food.
A meat grinder is machinery
Meat grinders use a screw mechanism to force the meat through the grinding plate.
All meat industries face similar problems and concerns.
Meat inspection confirms whether meat is fit for human consumption.
Meat intake increases excretion.
A meat loaf is a dish
A meat loaf is a loaf
Meat loaf can take a substantial amount of seasoning.
Meat loaf is a comfort food as well as a nutrient-dense food.
Meat loaf is found on more and more restaurant menus.
Meat loaf is meat loaf, but veal loaf is always a welcome change and a taste delight.
Meat loafs are dishs.
Meat loafs are people.
Meat loaves are less likely to crumble.
Meat lovers can choose among chicken, steak or beef in most selections.
Meat lovers rejoice.
Many meat lovers find soy foods bland and unappetizing, both in taste and texture.
A meat market is a store
Meat markets are mostly things of the past now, too.
Meat meal has the advantage of containing high amounts of phosphorus and fat.
Meat meal is the rendered meal made from animal tissues.
Meat meals are usually quite acceptable as one of the first ingredients in a good quality dog food.
Meat meals provide proteins.
Most meat meals provide proteins.
A meat packer is a wholesaler
Meat packers say the rules are unworkable.
Meat packers use it for curing hams and bacon.
Some meat packers use federal government regulations.
Some meat packers use federal regulations.
Some meat packers use government regulations.
Some meat packers use regulations.
A meat packing is a packaging
Meat packing is a bad area for repetitive strain.
Meat packing is also an important industry in the city.
Meat packing is the main industry in Dodge City .
Meat packing is the main industry in Dodge City.
Meat packing is the most dangerous occupation in the nation.
Meat pie is considered the Australian national dish.
Meat pie is pie
Meat pie is pie.
Meat pies are to Australia what hamburgers used to be in the USA before the chains took over.
Meat pies have real meat and cakes and slices have pure fresh cream.
Meat pies taste about as good as they sound.
Some meat pie has variation.
Meat processing is a decreasing cost industry, i.e., economies of size exist.
Meat processing is a strongly competitive industry.
Meat processing is the chief industry.
Meat processing is the main industry.
Meat processors use a device called a comitrol, a cylinder that looks a little like an oil filter.
Meat producers are major campaign contributors.
Meat producers continue to submit evidence that their product is vital to good health.
Meat producers put their fresh meats on stone tables for marketing.
Meat production is along the same lines as sheep.
Meat production is far more exhaustive of the land than non-meat.
Meat production requires a chick that has been bred for fast growth and good feed use.
Meat production requires a higher level of productivity per unit land area.
Meat production requires ten times as much land per calorie as grain or beans.
Meat production takes abundance, then reduces it to scarcity.
Meat production uses even more energy.
Meat puppets become meat props.
Meat sauce expires.
Meat science includes the structure, composition and biology of muscle and associated tissues.
Meat tenderizer can also be useful, since it breaks down the proteins in the toxins.
Meat tenderizer contains an enzyme that breaks down meat.
Meat tenderizer is an enzyme which breaks down proteins.
Meat tenderizer is expensive.
Meat tenderizer is one of the best sources of relief from stings.
Meat tenderizer is the best thing for any bite that causes an inflammation or a bump.
Meat tenderizer Make a paste of meat tenderizer and water and rub on the bite area.
Meat tenderizer removes blood, milk, egg and meat juices.
Meat tenderizers dissolve some of the sinewy connections within the meat at room temperature.
A meat thermometer is a thermometer
Meat thermometers are available at department stores, kitchenware shops and in some supermarkets.
Most meat thermometers are accurate to within plus or minus one to two degrees Fahrenheit.
Meat accounts for the rest.
Meat already contains salt water.
Meat also adds more flavor to both white and brown stocks.
Meat also causes gout and arthritis and a host of other physical problems.
Meat also comes from the chickens and ducks they raise.
Meat also contains toxins, especially lactic acid, which is a waste product of muscle metabolism.
Meat also gives rise in human beings to a cruel and evil temperament.
Meat also has sulfur containing amino acids which cause calcium loss from bones.
Meat also is a good source of calories and protein.
Meat also provides a good protein source.
Meat also takes the biggest bite out of the food budget.
Meat approach onto no ford mustang saleen.
Meat approach onto no honda civic.
Meat arrives in the logging towns on the back of logging lorries.
Meat attracts rats.
Meat Balls Combine all ingredients in a large bowl.
Meat born across the screen however measure Auburn tigers jacket.
Meat builds twice as much muscle fiber as other protein sources like tofu and tuna.
Meat can also aid in the absorption of other nutrients.
Meat can be a tricky item to cook in the microwave.
Meat can be hard to chew and swallow.
Meat can be particularly difficult for a child to chew unless it's cut into very small pieces.
Meat can be quite lean, yet tender.
Meat can be raw packed or hot packed into the jars for pressure canning.
Meat can become rotten and fly blown.
Meat can stay in the warmth of the intestine for at least four days until it is digested.
Meat Click the answer button to see the correct answer.
Meat comes from animals raised and slaughtered for that purpose.
Meat comes from animals that are dead.
Meat comes from animals.
Meat comes from cattle.
Meat comes from creatures.
Meat comes from farms.
Meat comes from livestock.
Meat comes from there.
Meat comes last.
Meat coming from bulls typically exhibits both a higher pH and high concentrations of pigment.
Meat contains acid.
Meat contains an excess of phosphorous and inadequate amounts of calcium.
Meat contains animal fat.
Meat contains animal proteins.
Meat contains calories.
Meat contains chemicals.
Meat contains cholesterol.
Meat contains elements.
Meat contains essential nutrients.
Meat contains fat, iron and several other compounds.
Meat contains hormones, antibiotics, and bacteria which brings on disease.
Meat contains iron, but it also helps the body absorb iron from other foods.
Meat contains iron, fat, and other compounds.
Meat contains irons.
Meat contains little fiber and has no natural antioxidants.
Meat contains lots of important nutrients that are harder to come by from other sources.
Meat contains lots of water.
Meat contains minerals.
Meat contains more pesticides than do plant-source foods.
Meat contains no dietary fiber and the refining processes remove the fiber from whole foods.
Meat contains no magic ingredient for cognitive development.
Meat contains nutrients including protein, iron, zinc and B vitamins which are important to health.
Meat contains nutrients.
Meat contains phosphorus.
Meat contains proteins.
Meat contains salt.
Meat contains sodium.
Meat contains trace elements.
Meat contains vitamins.
Meat continues to be used in the domestic food market and in an emerging international market.
Meat contributes to osteoporosis because it's high in protein and phosphorus.
Meat cooks exceptionally well in kettles.
Meat costs a lot in Japan.
Meat depletes the calcium stored in the body.
Meat derives from mammals.
Meat develops a skinlike layer as just the surface thaws and refreezes.
Meat digests best with well-aged scotch, or so they agreed.
Meat does provide protein, however, it is only one source.
Meat eating animals are susceptible.
Meat eating bats are much bigger than insect eating bats.
Meat eats the rainforest.
Meat educate without little science because yield ski doo sticker.
Meat feeds dogs.
Meat gives energy.
Meat hangs on rusty hooks.
Meat has a high level of nutrients compared to calories and is nutritionally dense .
Meat has a powerful impact on the mind and body.
Meat has a reputation for being high in cholesterol.
Meat has bones.
Meat has calcium in it.
Meat has cholesterol.
Meat has direct influence on the different compartments of the brain.
Meat has excellent flavor.
Meat has fat.
Meat has flavor.
Meat has flavour.
Meat has hollow bones.
Meat has no place in the llama diet.
Meat has no surface water outlet as the terrain rises on all sides of the lake.
Meat has nutrients.
Meat has other nutrients.
Meat has properties.
Meat has proteins.
Meat has quality.
Meat has smell.
Meat has superior flavor with low fat content and they are highly resistant to disease.
Meat has the previous character's moves.
Meat has to have lots of fat to cook properly.
Meat has unpleasant smell.
Meat has very little fiber and fish has none at all.
Meat has visible fat too.
Meat has wonderful flavour.
Meat have protein , some fat , and B vitamins .
Meat have protein, some fat, and B vitamins.
Meat Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Meat ies of course.
Meat includes beef, beef heart, chicken, chicken liver, lamb, lamb kidney, turkey and tilapia fish.
Meat includes goat, pork, chicken or buffalo, but beef forbidden.
Meat includes goat, pork, chicken or buffalo, but beef is forbidden.
Meat includes muscle tissue, fat, skin, rind and gristle.
Meat includes poultry.
Meat increases the risk of breast cancer.
Meat is a borderline keeper.
Meat is a complete food for humans.
Meat is a drug.
Meat is a fortunate omen for business affairs.
Meat is a good example of how information about food and health can get confusing.
Meat is a good example.
Meat is a good source of iron, especially liver.
Meat is a good source of many nutrients.
Meat is a good source of protein, zinc, iron, potassium, and niacin.
Meat is a good source of protein.
Meat is a high energy food source.
Meat is a land and energy intensive food.
Meat is a luxury for most of the world's population.
Meat is a luxury they can afford only occasionally.
Meat is a luxury.
Meat is a magnet for some of the most dangerous bacteria and parasites.
Meat is a major commodity product in interstate commerce.
Meat is a major part of Pakistani diet, whereas vegetables and beans are as important.
Meat is a major source of bioavailable zinc.
Meat is a necessity.
Meat is a nutrient-dense food.
Meat is a piece of live energy - as long as it is alive.
Meat is a rare occasion, and is prepared without seasoning or garnish.
Meat is a rarity and when found it is either akin to leather or stewed.
Meat is a relatively poor source of folic acid, with the exception of beef and chicken liver.
Meat is a side dish or condiment, rather than the main focus.
Meat is a source of protein, but it's got a lot of fat.
Meat is a typical base for making sandwiches .
Meat is a valued part of the Cuban diet.
Meat is a very attractive, wholesome food when it is scarce.
Meat is a very good source of iron and zinc, nutrients low in the diets of many women and children.
Meat is a very high source of fat, an unnecessary element in a healthy diet.
Meat is a very important part of the Brazilian diet.
Meat is a very poor source of calcium.
Meat is a year-round product although there is a definite decrease during the cold season.
Meat is abundant.
Meat is acid forming.
Meat is actually only a mediocre source of protein at best.
Meat is added at the last minute to heat through.
Meat is almost non-existent.
Meat is also a controversial issue, though.
Meat is also a prime source of the vitamin thiamin, which is highly sensitive to irradiation.
Meat is also an extremely low yield product.
Meat is also an important export.
Meat is also likely to become more expensive and therefore less available to poor people.
Meat is also very expensive.
Meat is also very impractical for babes.
Meat is also wasteful in terms of the energy and cost required to produce it.
Meat is always the best source of quality protein.
Meat is always white and juicy.
Meat is an excellent source of many nutrients, especially protein, B vitamins, iron and zinc.
Meat is an important part of our society.
Meat is an important part of the diet of many people because it contains protein.
Meat is an important part of their diet, and they regularly eat beef, mutton, goat, and horse meat.
Meat is an important source of quality nutrients, heme iron, protein, zinc and B-complex vitamins.
Meat is an incredibly wasteful way of producing food.
Meat is an obvious protein source.
Meat is animal flesh that is used as food.
Meat is another name for muscle is meat, after all.
Meat is available fresh or frozen.
Meat is available frozen, fresh available by pre-order.
Meat is available through a website, a catalog, fine shops and restaurants.
Meat is basis of diet, primarily beef and mutton.
Meat is blessed with juicy spices and baptized in smoke.
Meat is bought, cooked and eaten immediately as storage through refrigeration has become impossible.
Meat is but one class among twenty-two unedible substances.
Meat is but one of many good things.
Meat is certainly the rarity.
Meat is certainly the restaurant's strength.
Meat is cheap.
Meat is cheaper than in London.
Meat is chemically active, and as it ages, it releases sulfur.
Meat is common, usually beef or pork but occasionally lamb and sometimes goat.
Meat is considered to be the flesh and organs of mammals and fowl.
Meat is cooked in water and stock and vegetables are added along with herbs, spices and flavouring.
Meat is cooked on a paraffin stove.
Meat is cool.
Meat is costly and it is the most wasteful source of resources.
Meat is creamy white, sometimes with a dark fringe around the mantle.
Meat is cryovac packaged, on ice packs and places in styrofoam cartons.
Meat is cured for one other reason, color.
Meat is cut up first, the knife is put aside, then the meal is eaten with the fork only.
Meat Is Dead.
Meat is Death.
Meat is disgusting, unhealthy and evil, but on top of all that, meat is really expensive.
Meat is done when it is tender and falling off the bone.
Meat is DQ'ed.
Meat is dried for several weeks and kept away from the rats.
Meat is dried like fruit and vegetables.
Meat is easier to cut into pieces if it's a little bit frozen.
Meat is eaten at every meal, and dairy products are enjoyed daily.
Meat is eaten fresh, dried, and as sausages.
Meat is eaten mostly at fiesta time - usually pigs and chickens.
Meat is eaten once in a while.
Meat is eaten only on special occasions.
Meat is eaten ONLY with greens.
Meat is eaten sparingly, but fish and poultry is eaten three or more times a week.
Meat is eaten with non-namebrand condiments . . .
Meat is edible.
Meat is emphasized in the Midwest as nowhere else in the country.
Meat is entirely unnecessary, and therefore requires no substitutes.
Meat is essentially muscle tissue and differs in animals in terms of fat content.
Meat Is Everywhere.
Meat is expensive to produce.
Meat is expensive, but fish and vegetables are widely available.
Meat is exported in chilled or frozen form.
Meat is fairly plentiful.
Meat is far and away the primary source of fat, and of saturated fat in the American diet.
Meat is finished when it falls off the bones.
Meat is firm in texture.
Meat is flesh.
Meat is food.
Meat is food.
Meat is for Lovers .
Meat is for people with better training and more inquiring minds.
Meat is for the man.
Meat is foremost an exellent source of protien.
Meat is good quality and inexpensive.
Meat is good.
Meat is great but it has to be very fresh.
Meat is hand-cut and associates personally prepare customer requests.
Meat is heavy, but it provides a great deal of protein and energy.
Meat is high in protein, low in calcium, high in phosphorous and high in fat.
Meat is highly nutritious, containing vital minerals, vitamins and protein building blocks.
Meat is inanimate objects.
Meat is intended to be placed on the market for marketing in the national territory.
Meat is just one of the choices from the 'protein' group.
Meat is just so heavy to lug back from the grocery store and eggs are complete proteins anyhow.
Meat is king here.
MEAT is leased software.
Meat is less prominent, for example, and new techniques such as wood-roasting are featured.
Meat is life, hunters say.
Meat is little more than second-hand grass.
Meat is located in animals.
Meat is located in butcher shops.
Meat is located in butchers.
Meat is located in cans.
Meat is located in delis.
Meat is located in dinner.
Meat is located in food.
Meat is located in freezers.
Meat is located in fridges.
Meat is located in mammals.
Meat is located in markets.
Meat is located in ovens.
Meat is located in packages.
Meat is located in recipes.
Meat is located in refrigerators.
Meat is located in spring roll.
Meat is located in stew.
Meat is lost, meat is found again.
Meat is made of protein and fat and has virtually no carbohydrate content.
Meat is marinated for both flavor and tenderness.
Meat is meat.
Meat is moist and easily pulled from the bones.
Meat is moist on the inside and flavorful and crisp where it s touched by fire.
Meat is more expensive than pasta and vegetables.
Meat is more of a condiment or accent.
Meat is much more susceptible to poisoning than vegetables and grains are.
Meat is Murder'' is a typical bumper tag in a town with lots of bumper tags.
Meat is murder, and it is wrong.
Meat Is Murder'.
Meat is murder.
Meat is Murder.
Meat Is Murder.
Meat is muscles.
Meat is no mere afterthought.
Meat is now ready to smoke.
Meat is obtained through hunting.
Meat is obtained, in every instance, by violent means.
Meat is one of our best sources of complete protein, B vitamins and iron.
Meat is one of our country's most important agricultural products.
Meat is one of the best dietary sources of high-quality protein.
Meat is one of the best dietary sources of iron.
Meat is one of the best sources of iron and protein.
Meat is one of the foods they often avoid.
Meat is one of the hardest foods to digest.
Meat is one of the largest sources of artery-clogging fat in the American diet.
Meat is one of the more expensive foods in our diet.
Meat is one of the most expensive items on the grocery list.
Meat is only once a week, one piece for every prisoner.
Meat is optional.
Meat is our country's third most important agricultural product.
Meat is pack boarded out at all of our camps except Leander Lake.
Meat is packed, and shoes, plastics, tools, and dies are manufactured.
Meat is part of that provision.
Meat is part of the food pyramid and is a good source of protein, in which our body needs.
Meat is perfection.
Meat is perhaps the most iron rich and iron absorbable of foods.
Meat is placed in small amount of heated oil and cooked on medium-high heat.
Meat is practically unobtainable, and then only three days in the week.
Meat is prepared in many ways, as steaks , in stews , fondue , or as dried meat like beef jerky.
Meat is prevalent in our thoughts, while slaughterhouses so sparse in our minds.
Meat is processed under unsanitary conditions.
Meat is produced by killing the animal in question and cutting the desired flesh out of it.
Meat is provided by the novices, but cooked by girls in their second stage.
Meat is provided for the warriors by killing oxen away from the settlements.
Meat is purchased locally through several distributors.
Meat is rare and in some areas comes only once or twice a year.
Meat is rare.
Meat is ready for storage when it is completely dry.
Meat is recommended to eat for guys with black heart.
Meat is restricted to beef and lamb.
Meat is roasted on a spit turned over a fire.
Meat is safer today than it ever was in the past - that's for sure.
Meat is scarce.
Meat is served directly from the spits while still quite hot.
Meat is served to individuals when indicated for medical reasons.
Meat is sheared off in sizes that can be swallowed whole, without chewing.
Meat is simply an unhealthy source of protein.
Meat is slow-cooked on site.
Meat is smoked right in restaurant, and sauce is one of a kind.
Meat is smoked to produce a desirable color, flavor and aroma.
Meat is smoked, dried, boiled, fried and frozen.
Meat is sold after meat inspection and removal of head and viscera, which are being disposed.
Meat is sold as a delicacy.
Meat is sold to the local restaurants though new regulations impede slaughtering on the farm.
Meat is solid food
Meat is suicide.
Meat is supposed to be gray.
Meat is sweet and tender.
Meat is tender and delicious.
Meat is tender and succulent.
Meat is tender.
Meat is the American way.
Meat is the animals' revenge.
Meat is the basis of the diet, but vegetables and salad are always available.
Meat is the best source of protein, which the body needs to function optimally.
Meat is the best source of protein.
Meat is the best source since it contains heme iron, the most readily absorbable form if iron.
Meat is the biggest expense and is always in demand.
Meat is the clean flesh of slaughtered cattle, swine, sheep or goats.
Meat is the great reason of wars, starveness, disaster in the world.
Meat is the main staple of their diet, and they can gorge themselves easily.
Meat is the most expensive diet that can be had.
Meat is the most important and natural source of protein for canines.
Meat is the most important of all the dogs needs and so quality is very important.
Meat is the most inefficient form of food to produce.
Meat is the most intimidating, or least appealing, item for beginners.
Meat is the most preferred main dish.
Meat is the only ingredient.
Meat is the richest source, and the darker the meat, the more iron it contains.
Meat is the stuff that just plain feels good.
Meat is their staple food.
Meat is thick, sweet and mild.
Meat is thought of as flavorful, vegetables are bland.
Meat is unhealthy.
Meat is unnecessary and what is more it has to be cooked, and what is more, it has to be spiced.
Meat is unusable.
Meat is used for baiting traps.
Meat is used for butchering.
Meat is used for buying.
Meat is used for clothing.
Meat is used for eating.
Meat is used for eats.
Meat is used for food.
Meat is used for fuel.
Meat is used for meals.
Meat is used for nourishment.
Meat is used for proteins.
Meat is used for sales.
Meat is usually expensive .
Meat is usually expensive.
Meat is usually only a main course at a holiday dinner.
Meat is usually sparse and is shared fairly among the group when a hunter is successful.
Meat is very expensive and thus out of the reach of most citizens.
Meat is very hard to digest.
Meat is very hard to eliminate.
Meat is very high in phosphorus.
Meat is well known for it's ability to cause variety of diseases , and eggs and dairy are no better.
Meat is what makes a good brown sauce.
Meat is wrapped in white freezer paper.
Meat is, of course, optional.
Meat isa matter.
Meat looks a bit raw.
Meat makes dinner.
Meat makes excellent dinner.
Meat makes friends.
Meat makes good meals.
Meat makes meals.
Meat makes up dinner.
Meat makes up most of their diet, but they do eat a small amount of vegetation, such as berries.
Meat means all edible parts of an animal .
Meat means survival.
Meat mixes with vegetables.
Meat moves quickly through the carnivore's digestive tract and is quickly expelled.
Meat needs to be properly slaughtered by a shohet and then kashered with soaking and salting.
Meat needs to be replaced and can be with all the different forms of legumes.
Meat plays a significant importance in the Polish diet.
Meat plays less of a role in traditional Japanese cuisine than in any other cuisine of the world.
Meat provides a concentrated source of complete, high quality protein.
Meat provides against all noon indeed think detroit lions watches.
Meat provides an excellent source of protein, iron, and B vitamins.
Meat provides important proteins.
Meat provides irons.
Meat provides nutrients.
Meat provides protein, several B vitamins, iron and zinc but little calcium.
Meat provides proteins, iron, and zinc.
Meat provides proteins.
Meat provides vital nutrients.
Meat reaching the consumer is from pen raised birds.
Meat refers to foods which consist in whole or in part of ingredients derived from animals.
Meat reigns in the south.
Meat remains a highly popular food in Kazakhstan.
Meat remains difficult to find.
Meat remains with the outfitter or rancher.
Meat requires many more hours than fruits, vegetables, or grains to digest.
Meat rolls as well.
Meat salads Cover and refrigerate immediately.
Meat seems to encourage separation.
Meat seems to have assumed an exaggerated importance nutritionally.
Meat serves as an efficient way to build a body and to economically replenish lost muscle tissue.
Meat shrinks less.
Meat sizzles in a skillet.
Meat slices more easily if partially frozen.
Meat stand at the 'Nineteenth of December Market' in Hanoi, Vietnam.
Meat stands for flesh and death.
Meat still plays a role in many Jewish meals, just less of it and less often.
Meat sworn Teacher across band with many jackson, alan however stir within all grain.
Meat takes longer to digest.
Meat tastes deeply and unapologetically meaty.
Meat tastes good, pure and simple.
Meat tastes very bland.
Meat tends to be tough, chicken is scarce, but fish can be a delicious source of protein.
Meat tends to cut easier when it contains some ice crystals.
Meat then muscles tighten up.
Meat travels an average of two thousand miles from ranch to plate.
Meat turns gray.
Meat worry with a happiness either belong waterford millennium.
Meats also are available to go.
Meats also describes the semi-rural life of a small town.
Meats are a little easier to hock, but still no great moneymaker.
Meats are a very ample source of nutrition and can be very tasty when prepared in the right dishes.
Meats are all U.S. sourced, free-range or pasture raised.
Meats are also a good source of iron, which is an important mineral for women.
Meats are always the 'high dollar' end of the trip to the grocery store.
Meats are deficient in calcium and the ratio of calcium to phosphorus is very poorly balanced.
Meats are fresh and butchered locally where possible.
Meats are full of protein and are great for pregnant or nursing mice.
Meats are high in purines.
Meats are limited to beef, chicken, lamb and pork.
Meats are lovely and they have many breads fresh-baked from dough brought over from the continent.
Meats are more succulent, fish tastes fresher and vegetables and grains burst with flavor.
Meats are nutritious as long as they are lean.
Meats are often pre-packaged into family sizes.
Meats are produced on cattle, sheep, poultry and pig farms.
Meats are somewhat dry.
Meats are succulent with juices seared in, leaving the outside crisp and golden brown.
Meats are tender, cooked for hours on the stove.
Meats are together, dairy products are together, and fresh produce is in one place.
Meats are usually fresh, home butchered, and shared among clan members to keep storage time short.
Meats are usually of excellent quality and are seared to perfection.
Meats can also bolster the immune system to fight diseases and keep people out of the hospital.
Meats can be an important part of a healthy diet.
Meats can reach temperatures at which bacteria thrive.
Meats come from New York.
Meats come frozen or fresh.
Meats cook with far less shrinkage and retain more natural moisture.
Meats do well.
Meats extends their business hours during deer-hunting season to accommodate the demand for venison.
Meats freeze more successfully in casseroles than in separate slices.
Meats have a cholesterol content similar to chicken and fish.
Meats have abundant protein, lipids, minerals, and vitamins.
Meats have no sapor, nor digestion fair play, in a crowd.
Meats marinate for hours, fresh vegetables are used, and time is of the essence.
Meats receive less emphasis than dairy products, with legumes grouped with meats.
Meats shrink less.
Meats stay fresh in the refrigerator for varying amounts of time.
Meats take away comparatively little plant-food from the soil compared with their money value.
Meats tend to be high in salt.
Meats tend to be used in bite size pieces or ground, and as whole pieces only on special occasions.
Meat usually becomes mushy when improperly cooked.
Meat usually takes the starring role in most meals so it is important to cook it correctly.
Meat usually taste better grilled, and the clean up is generally easier.
All meat is better with some spice.
All meat is cut to order and packaged in a vacuum seal.
All meat is fed absolutely and completely raw.
All meat is ground.
All meat is hickory-smoked on site.
All meat is kosher.
All meat is obtained from totally reputable suppliers, who put the well-being of livestock first.
All meat is ritually slaughtered according to Islamic law.
All meat is sealed in vacuum packaging and frozen immediately after processing.
All meat is sold with a guarantee of customer satisfaction.
All meat is subject to the same customs duty.
All meat is vacuumed-packed, all natural, and range free.
All meats are custom cut in Fitzgeralds' own butcher shop.
All meats are custom cut in Fitzgerald's own butcher shop.
All meats are prime and all fish and produce are the freshest available.
All meats are raised without antibiotics and vegetables are organic.
All meats come as sandwiches or platters.
All meats contain some level of bacteria, such as salmonella, listeria, and e-coli.
All meats receive immediate attention.
Every meat also has slightly different chemicals that give it a unique flavor.
Many meats can be served cold, there are many different recipes for turkey, chicken, and ham salads.
Many meats fall into that classification and also cheese.
Most meat attracts rats.
Most meat comes from animals.
Most meat comes from cattle.
Most meat comes from creatures.
Most meat comes from factory farming.
Most meat comes from farms.
Most meat comes from livestock.
Most meat contains acid.
Most meat contains animal proteins.
Most meat contains calories.
Most meat contains chemicals.
Most meat contains cholesterol.
Most meat contains elements.
Most meat contains essential nutrients.
Most meat contains irons.
Most meat contains minerals.
Most meat contains nutrients.
Most meat contains phosphorus.
Most meat contains proteins.
Most meat contains salt.
Most meat contains sodium.
Most meat contains trace elements.
Most meat contains vitamins.
Most meat derives from mammals.
Most meat feeds dogs.
Most meat has bones.
Most meat has cholesterol.
Most meat has excellent flavor.
Most meat has flavor.
Most meat has flavour.
Most meat has hollow bones.
Most meat has nutrients.
Most meat has other nutrients.
Most meat has properties.
Most meat has quality.
Most meat has wonderful flavour.
Most meat is frozen and the selection is limited.
Most meat is full of pesticides, hormones and antibiotics.
Most meat is in the tail.
Most meat is located in mammals.
Most meat makes dinner.
Most meat makes excellent dinner.
Most meat makes good meals.
Most meat makes meals.
Most meat makes up dinner.
Most meat mixes with vegetables.
Most meat provides irons.
Most meat provides nutrients.
Most meat provides proteins.
Most meat provides vital nutrients.
Most meats are available year-round.
Most meats are hand cut and salads are homemade.
Some meat causes cancer.
Some meat causes diseases.
Some meat causes heart diseases.
Some meat causes problems.
Some meat comes from bison.
Some meat comes from buffalo.
Some meat comes from carabaos.
Some meat comes from chickens.
Some meat comes from crabs.
Some meat comes from deer.
Some meat comes from pigs.
Some meat comes from rattlesnakes.
Some meat comes from sheep.
Some meat comes from turkeys.
Some meat comes from turtles.
Some meat comes in contact.
Some meat contains bacteria.
Some meat contains calcium.
Some meat contains concentration.
Some meat contains cysts.
Some meat contains fiber.
Some meat contains nitrate.
Some meat contains oil.
Some meat contains parasites.
Some meat contains salt water.
Some meat contains tissue cysts.
Some meat contains water.
Some meat creates problems.
Some meat has carbohydrates.
Some meat has effects.
Some meat has faint odor.
Some meat has life.
Some meat has long life.
Some meat has long shelf life.
Some meat has odor.
Some meat has shelf life.
Some meat has toes.
Some meat includes beef.
Some meat increases calorie intake.
Some meat induces inflammation.
Some meat leads to problems.
Some meat makes problems.
Some meat plays important roles.
Some meat plays roles.
Some meat plays supportive roles.
Some meat poses danger.
Some meat prevents illnesses.
Some meat produces dungs.
Some meat promotes better health.
Some meat promotes health.
Some meat provides moisture.
Some meat remains on carcass skeletons following deboning by conventional techniques.
Some meat serves with rice.
Some meat sits in guts.
Some meat sits in stomachs.
Some meat uses for bait.
Some meat uses for crab bait.
Some meat uses for fish meals.
Some meat uses for meals.
Some meat uses in chinese medicine.
Some meat uses in medicine.
Some meat uses in traditional chinese medicine.
Some meat uses in traditional medicine.
Some meats are only common in some places.
Some meats have high levels of fat .
Some meats have very little.
Meatal stenosis is uncommon in uncircumcised males.
Meatal ulceration is a painful condition and meatal stenosis a serious one.
MeatAxe files remain unchanged.
A meatball is a dish
Meatball isa nourishment.
Meatball isa sustenance.
Meatballs are dishs.
Meatballs are positively divine.
Meatballs are probably at the top of the 'best loved dishes' list in Finland.
Meatballs are the nodes which connect the multitudnous arcs to form recognizable p-gons.
Meatballs have (part) sauces.
Meatballs have (part) sections.
Meatballs work, too.
Most meatballs are made out of beef .
Most meatballs are made out of beef.
Meathead violence does sell tickets.
Meatloaf calls for plain mashed potatoes.
Meatloaf comes with a white cheddar center and mushroom gravy.
Meatloaf is a dish
Meatloaf is a loaf
Meatloaf is located in ovens.
Meatloaf shows up with big titties and they fight.
Meatloaf sucks bigtime.
Meaty receptor helps tongue savor flavor.
Meaty stews are popular along with hearty beet or cabbage soup and mushrooms.
Mecan soils have more clay and silt in the lower part of the series control section.
Mecan soils have thicker sola.
A mecca is a place
Mecca belongs to nobody.
Mecca is a bit of an exaggeration.
Mecca is a center for their religious beliefs and probable where their major temple is located.
Mecca is a city in Saudi Arabia .
Mecca is a special place.
Mecca is considered a holy city.
Mecca is in present-day Saudi Arabia.
Mecca is in the Middle East and More speicific a city in Arabia.
Mecca is located in Saudi Arabia and is where the Kaaba is located.
Mecca is served by the seaport of Jiddah and Jiddah's international airport.
Mecca is the holiest city in the Islamic world.
Mecca Is the line across the top.
Mecca is the most holy city in Islam .
Mecca is the most holy city in Islam.
Mecca is the spiritual center of the Muslim world.
Mecca lies on the Red Sea.
Mechanic costs do tend to be more liberal for women - and guys who know nothing about their cars.
Mechanics of materials approach to stiffness, elasticity approach to stiffness.
Mechanics of solids Engr.
Every mechanic system has backlash, but it only becomes a problem when it becomes noticeable.
Mechanic voices reign the air waves.
Mechanic work is also available on request.
A mechanic is an artisan
Mechanic isa worker.
Mechanics agree that prices can sometimes be high and service can be low.
Mechanics also constitutes a central part of technology.
Mechanics also install the outer doors and door frames at the elevator entrances on each floor.
Mechanics also perform preventive maintenance on older equipment.
Mechanics also perform preventive maintenance.
Mechanics also use test instruments such as voltmeters, thermometers, and manometers.
Mechanics are a tricky thing.
Mechanics are able to maintain and repair standardized fleets quickly and correctly.
Mechanics are acceptable but lapses crop up.
Mechanics are also on call to service all of the vehicles.
Mechanics are always in possession of a pornographic magazine.
Mechanics are an important component to good content.
Mechanics are an issue and are directly related to what the infrastructure is going to look like.
Mechanics are another, and seemingly harder to find.
Mechanics are capable of machine tools.
Mechanics are correct.
Mechanics are expensive.
Mechanics are faulty.
Mechanics are generally at a huge advantage when a woman needs a vehicle fixed.
Mechanics are honest and dependable.
Mechanics are like the foundation of a house.
Mechanics are located in garages.
Mechanics are located in race tracks.
Mechanics are located in repair shops.
Mechanics are lower level skills.
Mechanics are on call.
Mechanics are part of a rational centered society, that squares and boxes according to discipline.
Mechanics are physics.
Mechanics are radio-dispatched to a location almost as soon as a service call comes in.
Mechanics are slow, electronics are fast.
Mechanics are surprisingly good for the miles but far from perfect.
Mechanics are surprisingly good.
Mechanics are the items that make the design work, giving the designer control over the components.
Mechanics are tradesmans.
Mechanics argue that since they work under planes, airline management can ignore their concerns.
Mechanics attend training at factory approved training facilities.
Mechanics begin using the oil analysis program.
Mechanics belong to unions affiliated with particular industries.
Mechanics can access service histories on clients and report details of that day's visits.
Mechanics can advance to positions as supervisors.
Mechanics can t get into or out of a bay that is blocked.
Mechanics can use many of the same tools and procedures across a variety of airplanes.
Mechanics certainly fits into it.
Mechanics chalk a few choice comments on the bombs as well for the benefit of newsreel cameras.
Mechanics charge too much today.
Mechanics complete only two work orders per day.
Mechanics conduct tests.
Mechanics conserve, recover, and recycle refrigerants.
Mechanics contend that although some of new times are fair, others are unrealistic.
Mechanics deals with the behavior of objects and systems in response to various forces.
Mechanics deals with the movements of bodies, especially under the action of external forces.
Mechanics Determine the base case of the Recursion.
Mechanics Develop an action plan for implementation.
Mechanics diagnose problems when systems break down.
Mechanics diagnose problems.
Mechanics do a girl.
Mechanics do cleaning, adjusting, and lubricating.
Mechanics do preventive maintenance.
Mechanics do routine maintenance and repair work to keep installed furnaces in order.
Mechanics document what was wrong with the car and how the problem was corrected.
Mechanics earn about the same scale as operators.
Mechanics encompasses the topics of kinematics and dynamics .
Mechanics entirely dismantle some cars and sell parts.
Mechanics examines instructions for specific computer procedures.
Mechanics examines the forces acting on machines and their tendency to cause failure.
Mechanics exams even if no credit is awarded.
Mechanics Expect the worst.
Mechanics fix forestry equipment.
Mechanics follow blueprints and instructions.
Mechanics forms the basic background for the understanding of physics.
Mechanics generally receive their assignments from shop supervisors or service managers.
Mechanics get greasy hands.
Mechanics handle greasy and dirty parts and often work in awkward or cramped positions.
Mechanics have (part) arms.
Mechanics have (part) body substances.
Mechanics have (part) cell membranes.
Mechanics have (part) cells.
Mechanics have (part) corpi.
Mechanics have (part) cytoplasm.
Mechanics have (part) heads.
Mechanics have (part) human bodies.
Mechanics have (part) legs.
Mechanics have (part) material bodies.
Mechanics have (part) necks.
Mechanics have (part) nuclei.
Mechanics have (part) personality.
Mechanics have (part) plasma membranes.
Mechanics have (part) sections.
Mechanics have (part) vacuoles.
Mechanics have a clean surface to lay on and tools and parts are kept out of the dirt.
Mechanics have a proposed certificate in the works.
Mechanics have slightly higher average wages than do body repairers.
Mechanics have to fix all the machines in the plant, including bagging machines and hoppers.
Mechanics have two things for sale, diagnostic ability and repairs.
Mechanics Identify the places where the different classes are instantiated.
Mechanics increasingly use comoputerized diagnostic equipment.
Mechanics increasingly use computerized diagnostic equipment.
Mechanics inspect, repair and maintain vehicles.
Mechanics inspect, service, and perform minor repairs to locomotives in use in the field.
Mechanics install electrical wiring and control panels.
Mechanics involve interaction.
Mechanics involve negative interaction.
Mechanics involves all the skills needed to execute the plan with the tools at hand.
Mechanics is a field of study which permeates all major engineering disciplines.
Mechanics is a third interest.
Mechanics is a very rigorous topic, but also one that is a lot of fun.
Mechanics is an important part of the game, but scoring is the most important part.
Mechanics is an introductory calculus-based course in mechanics.
Mechanics is mechanics is mechanics.
Mechanics is one of the main scientific fundaments of the techniques.
Mechanics is one thing.
Mechanics is the best place to start, because it is the basis of motion.
Mechanics is the branch of physics that enables to make some sense of what's going on.
Mechanics is the least problematic in improving a work.
Mechanics is the science of the ac- tion of force upon matter.
Mechanics is the soul of physics.
Mechanics is the study of how objects move.
Mechanics is the study of motion and forces.
Mechanics is the study of moving objects.
Mechanics is the study of the motion of bodies.
Mechanics know how cars work, which is why guys with greasy hands wield all the power.
Mechanics learn from experienced mechanics.
Mechanics learn many different skills in their training that can be applied to other jobs.
Mechanics learn many different skills in their training.
Mechanics Let's go over the basics.
Mechanics lien laws - study commission.
Mechanics liens work in much the same way.
Mechanics maintain systems and diagnose problems.
Mechanics make so much money, and drivers make so much.
Mechanics operate precision equipment, such as torque wrenches and micrometers.
Mechanics play major roles.
Mechanics play minor roles.
Mechanics play roles.
Mechanics provide explanations.
Mechanics regularly inspect machinery and check how they are working.
Mechanics remains probably the most difficult part.
Mechanics repair cars all day, so they know which models they see more often.
Mechanics require a great deal of skill and training to work with today's modern engines.
Mechanics use a variety of tools in their work.
Mechanics use a wide range of tools.
Mechanics use concepts.
Mechanics use many basic handtools, including wrenches, pliers, hammers, and screwdrivers.
Mechanics use power tools.
Mechanics use same concepts.
Mechanics wake up.
Mechanics wear ear protection when engines are being tested or riveting is being done.
Mechanics work alone or with other workers or trainees.
Mechanics work as fast as safety permits, so the aircraft can be put back into service quickly.
Mechanics work continuously to keep the aircraft in perfect operating condition.
Mechanics work mostly on equipment brought into the shop for repair and adjustment.
Mechanics work on many different systems.
Mechanics work on mechanical and electronic components of automobiles.
Mechanics work with heavy equipment, often at dangerous heights or in confined spaces.
Mechanics frequently work with dirty and greasy parts, and in awkward positions.
Mechanics often have excellent protection under the law.
Mechanics often have grease on their hands.
Mechanics often have to work in awkward, cramped positions.
Mechanics often lift heavy parts and tools.
Mechanics often use confusing language to convince customers to do repairs.
Mechanics often work in awkward positions and lift heavy, greasy parts.
Mechanics often work with dirty and greasy parts, and in awkward positions.
Mechanics usually follow a checklist to be sure they check all the proper parts.
Mechanics usually install hardware the way it came out of the box.
Mechanics usually work in well-lighted, heated, and ventilated areas.
Mechanics usually work with little supervision.
All mechanics are factory certified .
All mechanics know the various sounds parts make after they are dropped.
Any mechanic can use it and get the job done right in minutes.
Any mechanic knows a second nut, screwed against the original one, locks both tightly in place.
Every mechanic has a story.
Many mechanics also like to include air box maintenance with their regular cleaning regimen.
Many mechanics consider their personal tool inventory second in importance only to their children.
Many mechanics only work during the busy spring and summer seasons.
Many mechanics specialize in preventive maintenance.
Many mechanics take courses offered by manufacturers or employers.
Many mechanics think so.
Many mechanics think that an oxygen sensor can be damaged by an ohmmeter, but they are wrong.
Many mechanics tighten lug nuts with air wrenches, which are notorious for over tightening.
Most mechanics appreciate that.
Most mechanics charge extra to work on it because of the difficulty in getting to the engine.
Most mechanics check the condition of the loaded joints only.
Most mechanics diagnose problems.
Most mechanics have to buy their own tools.
Most mechanics have to complete the entire training program at a trade school.
Most mechanics involve interaction.
Most mechanics involve negative interaction.
Most mechanics play major roles.
Most mechanics play minor roles.
Most mechanics play roles.
Most mechanics provide explanations.
Most mechanics use concepts.
Most mechanics use same concepts.
Most mechanics work for automotive dealers, independent repair shops and service stations.
Most mechanics work indoors in a workshop, and often within a small team.
Some mechanics also repair milking, irrigation, and other equipment on farms.
Some mechanics also work on diesel-powered automobiles.
Some mechanics are crushed to death.
Some mechanics are members of labor unions and have benefits.
Some mechanics are members of labor unions.
Some mechanics are so disgruntled that they are forming a new union.
Some mechanics can become self-employed.
Some mechanics discover minds.
Some mechanics give explanations.
Some mechanics help players.
Some mechanics help young players.
Some mechanics lead to breakdowns.
Some mechanics lead to injuries.
Some mechanics learn their skills on the job.
Some mechanics open their own repair shops or invest in a franchise.
Some mechanics open their own repair shops or invest in franchised dealers.
Some mechanics open their own repair shops.
Some mechanics provide tension.
Some mechanics reveal behaviour.
Some mechanics specialize in both brake and front-end work.
Some mechanics use wrenches made of something besides cast iron.
Some mechanics wish they had never chosen aviation as a career.
Some mechanics work for dealers that service only the product they sell.
Some mechanics work in industries.
Some mechanics work on weekends.
Mechanical ability is helpful.
Mechanical abrasion is the main dulling mechanism in carving dry wood.
Mechanical accuracy is really a much simpler concept.
Mechanical action is stimulated by manipulating the body.
Mechanical action provides pain relief by adhering to the mucosal surface of the mouth.
All mechanical action is hazardous, but in varying degrees.
Mechanical activities are on schedule.
Mechanical adhesion occurs when the adhesive flows into the texture of the substrate.
Mechanical advantage is a fine thing.
Mechanical advantage is a ratio
Mechanical advantage is expressed in one of two ways.
Mechanical advantage is ratios.
Mechanical advantage is the ratio between the resistance and the effort applied to a lever.
Mechanical aeration ensures that the natural environment is maintained.
Mechanical aeration involves pumping air into a storage structure.
Mechanical aeration is the easiest way to mange moisture and temperature in stored grain.
Mechanical aeration is usually necessary for hydrocarbon remediation.
Mechanical agitators are propellers or paddles mounted on a shaft near the bottom of the tank.
Mechanical aids can replace many lost functions.
Mechanical aids help make the job less physically demanding but a strong back still a plus.
Many mechanical aids can help overcome disabilities.
Mechanical analysis is applied to the design of machine elements and structural members.
Mechanical anemometers have threshold friction and inertia.
Mechanical appliances are as essential in war as men and money.
Some mechanical applications use bearings of different diameters.
Mechanical aptitude helps people learn about and use tools, machines and equipment.
Mechanical aptitude is a plus.
Mechanical aptitude is also desirable.
Mechanical aptitude is important in making press adjustments and repairs.
Mechanical aptitude is needed to operate the newer, more automated equipment.
Mechanical aptitude is required.
Mechanical aptitude is very important.
Some mechanical aptitude is preferred.
More mechanical arms open up and put out even heavier fire, so keep sidestepping to avoid the shots.
Any mechanical ascender can severely damage or destroy the rope if overloaded or shock loaded.
All mechanical aspects are fully functional.
Mechanical assistance is provided.
Mechanical attachment is necessary.
Mechanical attachment provides long service life even under high wind uplift conditions.
Mechanical banks add an interactive dimension to any bank collection.
Mechanical barriers are formed by surfaces.
Most mechanical barriers are formed by surfaces.
Mechanical bases are expensive, fragile, and require wiring to interface.
Mechanical batteries offer some promise, but comes with a good share of challenges of it's own.
Mechanical benders hang from the strand by hooks and use ratchet pressure to bend and form the loop.
Mechanical bonds are subject to corrosion and physical damage.
Mechanical bonds hold by surrounding object, then hardening.
Mechanical brakes require adjustment.
Mechanical breakdowns are rare.
Most mechanical breakdowns occur after theManufacturer's Warranty has expired.
Mechanical breakthroughs are part of the Industrial Revolution.
Mechanical calculations show outcomes.
Most mechanical calculations show outcomes.
Mechanical causality is a secondary means for the actuation of finality.
Mechanical characteristics mandate the possibilities of discrete 'particles'.
Mechanical chick comes complete with a tin egg and key.
Many mechanical chronographs are exceptionally difficult and expensive to repair.
Mechanical cleaners are safe, unless the diamond has fractures or is fracture-filled.
Mechanical clearing can also destroy wildlife nesting areas and habitat.
Mechanical clearing is usually the first stage of the ROW maintenance process.
Mechanical clocks are in use in Europe, along with eyeglasses and spinning wheels.
Mechanical clocks are the next most preferred clock.
Mechanical collection means nonmanual emptying of refuse containers in refuse hauling vehicles.
Mechanical collimators have windows that are half the industry standard, for better resolution.
Mechanical compaction is necessary to ensure proper base preparation.
Mechanical complications are uncommon, but carry a high fatality rate.
Mechanical components are also historically unreliable, further complicating the procedure.
Mechanical components are of machined aluminum and brass.
Mechanical components are the most prone to failure.
Mechanical computers are more efficient.
Mechanical conditioners pass hay between two rolls to crush or crimp the stem.
Mechanical configurations are available to replace most types of regulator and transformer controls.
Mechanical constraints limit the maximum size that branching corals can achieve.
Mechanical control can involve several different methods.
Mechanical control includes mowing, hoeing, cultivation, and hand pulling.
Mechanical control involves cutting and removal of the vegetation from the waterway.
Mechanical control involves root plowing and raking using heavy equipment.
Mechanical control involves the removal of invasive species by hand or with machines.
Mechanical control involves the use of machinery to cut Spartina from a large area.
Mechanical control involves the use of weed harvesters, seines or even hand removal.
Mechanical control involves the use of weed harvesters, seines or even removal by hand.
Mechanical control is labour-intensive and largely ineffective.
Mechanical control is temporary and normally affects a portion of the pond s vegetation.
Mechanical control is temporary and normally affects a portion of the pond's vegetation.
Mechanical control is the most effective, efficient and environmentally sound method of management.
Mechanical control is useful in the event it is a small pond and the weeds are minimal.
Mechanical control is very sensitive to timing to be effective.
Mechanical controls are simple and easy to operate.
Mechanical controls can actuate any function on the camcorder that has a button.
Mechanical controls use physical disturbance to remove pests.
Mechanical corrections are nothing but band aids.
Mechanical cultivation can control weeds between the rows.
Mechanical cultivation is kept shallow to avoid root damage.
Mechanical cultivation saves small-scale growers time and money.
Mechanical damage can cause moisture issues.
Mechanical damage increases the extent to which the fruit can be infected by fungi.
Mechanical damage is one of the leading causes of injury and death of landscape plants.
Mechanical damage occurs as a result of weather events and human activities.
Mechanical damage occurs during harvesting and grain handling.
Mechanical damage occurs when flowers are handled poorly or overpacked.
Mechanical debridement is minimally effective on eschar.
Mechanical defenses use sharp parts of the plant such as thorns or barbs .
Mechanical deformation induces proliferation of human colorectal carcinoma cells.
Mechanical deformation occurs when malleable metals are stretched, bent or hammered.
Mechanical denudation exceeds chemical denudation by an order of magnitude for the entire catchment.
Mechanical design is on the same lines as the transmitter units with dimensions slightly smaller.
Mechanical design is the process of developing a product that can improve society.
Some Mechanical designs are similar too.
Mechanical Details Take care of the administrative details.
A mechanical device is a mechanism
Mechanical devices are devices.
Mechanical devices are mechanisms.
Mechanical devices are normally less expensive to purchase and install.
Mechanical devices can give a false sense of security.
Mechanical devices can help patients with obstruction breathe better.
Mechanical devices have applications.
All mechanical devices are subject to breakdown, unscheduled repairs and ongoing maintenance.
All mechanical devices break.
Many mechanical devices can aid mobility until the person recovers.
Many mechanical devices can help overcome handicaps caused by weakness.
Many mechanical devices depend on computers for operation.
Most mechanical devices have applications.
Most mechanical devices have bearings as important functional components.
Most mechanical devices utilize bearings as important functional components.
Some mechanical devises work well to control pests.
Mechanical dexterity is an asset.
Mechanical digestion begins in mouths.
Mechanical digestion breaks down food through chewing and churning.
Mechanical digestion is simply the physical breaking apart of a substance into smaller particles.
Mechanical digestion is the physical breakdown of large pieces of food into smaller pieces.
Mechanical digestion occurs as three strong layers of muscle contract to produce a churning motion.
Mechanical digestion occurs in stomachs.
Mechanical digestion occurs mainly in the small intestine.
Mechanical digestion starts in the mouth and continues in to the stomach.
Mechanical digestion starts in the mouth and continues into the stomach.
Mechanical digestion takes place when food is chewed, mixed, and churned.
Most mechanical digestion begins in mouths.
Most mechanical digestion occurs in stomachs.
Some mechanical digestion occurs in mouths.
Mechanical dispersion is caused by random spatial variations of the velocity field.
Mechanical disturbance can cause the molecules in solids, liquids, and gases to vibrate.
Mechanical disturbance involves sudden water flow and vibrations.
Mechanical disturbances occur whenever a tumor compresses adjacent structures.
Mechanical draft cooling towers are much more widely used.
Mechanical drafters draw detailed working drawings of engineering information.
Mechanical drafters make detailed drawings of machinery and mechanical devices.
A mechanical drawing is trade
Mechanical Drawings are now in CD phase.
Mechanical dredges are unable to transport materials for long distances.
Mechanical durability is also important.
Mechanical eddies occur because of frictional effects of wind moving over various surfaces.
Mechanical efficiency achieved with stunning simplicity, it revolves with flawless precision.
Mechanical efficiency evaluates energy conversion and energy converters.
Mechanical efficiency is expressed as a percentage and accounts for all mechanical friction losses.
Mechanical employees inspect and repair locomotives and rail cars.
Mechanical energy describes the ability of an object to do work.
Mechanical energy exists as both kinetic and potential energy in a system.
Mechanical energy generates electricity.
Mechanical energy is associated with the movement or potential movement of an object.
Mechanical energy is at work when the wind turns the blades of the windmill.
Mechanical energy is converted into light energy.
Mechanical energy is converted into sound energy.
Mechanical energy is converted to electrical energy using a wind generator.
Mechanical energy is converted to electrical power through an electric generator.
Mechanical energy is derived by directing, harnessing, or channeling moving water.
Mechanical energy is energy that can be used to do work.
Mechanical energy is energy that comes from any mechanical system.
Mechanical energy is energy that is use to do work, like move objects or power motors.
Mechanical energy is energy
Mechanical energy is energy.
Mechanical energy is produced by the motion and position of an object.
Mechanical energy is the ability to do work.
Mechanical energy is the energy associated with the motion or position of an object.
Mechanical energy is the energy of moving objects.
Mechanical energy is the kind of energy that can do mechanical work directly.
Mechanical energy is the most common and familiar model of kinetic energy.
Mechanical energy is the sum of kinetic and potential energy in an object that is used to do work.
Mechanical energy is the sum of kinetic energy and potential energy.
Mechanical energy is the sum of potential and kinetic energies.
Mechanical energy is transformed into the traveling wave pattern of the basilar membrane .
Mechanical energy is work or energy made by machines.
Mechanical energy puts things in motion.
Most mechanical energy generates electricity.
Some mechanical energy gets energy.
Some mechanical energy gets heat energy.
Some mechanical energy requires analyses.
Some mechanical energy requires further analyses.
A mechanical engineer is an engineer
Mechanical engineers accomplish vibration analysis of critical structures like an aircraft wing.
Mechanical engineers address many aspects of mechanical devices and systems.
Mechanical engineers apply principles.
Mechanical engineers are also interested in controlling the mechanical devices they design.
Mechanical engineers are also involved with materials selection and computer modeling.
Mechanical engineers are at the heart of the design, manufacturing and process industries.
Mechanical engineers are concerned about safety and efficiency of everyday mechanized equipment.
Mechanical engineers are concerned with the principles of force, energy, and motion.
Mechanical engineers are concerned with the principles of motion, energy and force.
Mechanical engineers are concerned with the principles of motion, energy, and force.
Mechanical engineers are concerned with the production, transmission and use of energy.
Mechanical engineers are concerned with the production, transmission and use of power.
Mechanical engineers are engagedin creative design, applied research, development and management.
Mechanical engineers are engineers.
Mechanical engineers are experts on machines, engines, and a wide variety of energy-related systems.
Mechanical engineers are heavily involved with the use of computers.
Mechanical engineers are in demand all around the world, as well as here in Western Australia.
Mechanical engineers are really involved with sporting goods technology as well.
Mechanical engineers are responsible for electromechanical systems, cases, and packaging.
Mechanical engineers become administrators.
Mechanical engineers build devices.
Mechanical engineers build mechanical devices.
Mechanical engineers build weapons.
Mechanical engineers calculate forces.
Mechanical engineers care.
Mechanical engineers contribute to many industries and occupations, encompassing many specialties.
Mechanical engineers convert materials and energy into objects and services that the public needs.
Mechanical engineers create machines to work for humankind.
Mechanical engineers create machines, materials, and systems that satisfy a particular function.
Mechanical engineers create products and systems that benefit mankind.
Mechanical engineers design and build complex pieces of equipment and machinery.
Mechanical engineers design and develop engines.
Mechanical engineers design and manufacture machine tools, the machines that make machines.
Mechanical engineers design and test motors and machines that produce and use power.
Mechanical engineers design efficient boilers and engines for power plants and automobiles.
Mechanical engineers design helmets for maximum protection against head injuries.
Mechanical engineers design mechanisms to transmit power.
Mechanical engineers design mostly machines.
Mechanical engineers design other machines inside buildings, such as elevators and escalators.
Mechanical engineers design the body, suspension, and drive train.
Mechanical engineers design the cooling devices to allow the electronics to function properly.
Mechanical engineers design, develop and produce machinery, engines and mechanical power systems.
Mechanical engineers design, operate, and test all kinds of machines.
Mechanical engineers design, test and build the machinery that makes the discs and their cases.
Mechanical engineers develop and build mechanical devices for use in industrial processes.
Mechanical engineers develop computational tools to aid the design engineer in optimizing a design.
Mechanical engineers do it automatically.
Mechanical engineers do many different things.
Mechanical engineers earn degrees.
Mechanical engineers earn graduate degrees.
Mechanical engineers have to master many skills and have a wide range of knowledge.
Mechanical engineers involve in industries.
Mechanical engineers involve in manufacture industries.
Mechanical engineers involve in various industries.
Mechanical engineers involve in various manufacture industries.
Mechanical engineers need degrees.
Mechanical Engineers perform experiments in both instructional laboratories and system simulations.
Mechanical engineers plan and design tools, engines, machines and other mechanical equipment.
Mechanical engineers prepare detailed drawings and models.
Mechanical engineers provide solutions.
Mechanical engineers rely heavily on mecanics and thermodynamics in thier work.
Mechanical engineers respond to the needs of society for the delivery of advanced technologies.
Mechanical Engineers Soc.
Mechanical engineers specialize in converting energy into a useful form.
Mechanical engineers study the response of materials to forces and energy flows.
Mechanical engineers think of it as pumps and motors.
Mechanical engineers touch almost every aspect of our lives.
Mechanical engineers touch almost every aspect of technology and society.
Mechanical engineers use computers in many ways.
Mechanical engineers use computers.
Mechanical engineers use principles.
Mechanical engineers work closely with other engineers.
Mechanical engineers work for a wide array of manufacturing and design firms.
Mechanical engineers work in industries.
Mechanical engineers work in industry, consulting practices, government and universities.
Mechanical engineers work in industry, consulting practices, universities and government research.
Mechanical engineers work in many industries and their work varies by industry and function.
Mechanical engineers work in virtually all industries.
Mechanical engineers work primarily with energy, forces, and materials.
Mechanical engineers work to design, manufacture, and improve a wide variety of mechanisms.
Many mechanical engineers become involved in the maintenance of such equipment.
Many mechanical engineers follow other career paths.
Many mechanical engineers work for the government.
Many mechanical engineers work in industrial plants and at various engineering sites.
Many mechanical engineers work in industries that manufacture machinery or automotive parts.
Most mechanical engineers apply principles.
Most mechanical engineers become administrators.
Most mechanical engineers build devices.
Most mechanical engineers build mechanical devices.
Most mechanical engineers calculate forces.
Most mechanical engineers earn degrees.
Most mechanical engineers earn graduate degrees.
Most mechanical engineers involve in industries.
Most mechanical engineers involve in manufacture industries.
Most mechanical engineers involve in various industries.
Most mechanical engineers involve in various manufacture industries.
Most mechanical engineers provide solutions.
Most mechanical engineers use computers.
Most mechanical engineers use principles.
Most mechanical engineers work in industries.
Some mechanical engineers analyze designs.
Some mechanical engineers sell services.
Some mechanical engineers work alone, while others work with multidisciplinary teams.
Some mechanical engineers work in offices.
Some mechanical engineers work in production operations, maintenance, and technical sales.
Some mechanical engineers work in sales and product quality control or equipment maintenance.
Mechanical engineering are engineering.
Mechanical engineering covers a very wide spectrum of activities in the engineering profession.
Mechanical engineering covers mechanical engineering design studies, machine dynamics and materials.
Mechanical engineering encompasses many specialties.
Mechanical engineering encompasses the design, construction, and utilization of machines.
Mechanical engineering has experts in combustion, heat transfer and specialized materials.
Mechanical engineering impacts all technology of the past, present and future.
Mechanical engineering involves almost all technological aspects of equipment and processes.
Mechanical engineering involves the production, transmission, and use of mechanical power.
Mechanical engineering is a small portion.
Mechanical engineering is all about the creative use of energy and materials.
Mechanical engineering is among the most diversified of the traditional engineering disciplines.
Mechanical engineering is an exciting and challenging profession for men and women.
Mechanical engineering is an extremely broad field.
Mechanical engineering is at the heart of a wide variety of transport and power systems.
Mechanical engineering is one of the broadest and most versatile of the engineering professions.
Mechanical engineering is one of the broadest engineering disciplines.
Mechanical engineering is one of the broadest engineering fields.
Mechanical engineering is one of the largest, broadest, and oldest engineering disciplines.
Mechanical engineering is one of the most diverse and exciting branches of engineering.
Mechanical engineering is one of the most diverse fields of engineering.
Mechanical engineering is one of the most versatile of all the engineering disciplines.
Mechanical engineering is perhaps the broadest of all engineering disciplines.
Mechanical engineering is the most broadly based of the engineering professions.
Mechanical engineering is the most versatile of all engineering programs.
Mechanical engineering is the technical core of manufacturing industries.
Mechanical engineering needs to do the same thing.
Mechanical entrapment is a co-mechanism of coagulation.
Mechanical equilibrium requires that is the same in each phase.
Mechanical equipment breaks the coal to a size suitable for haulage.
Mechanical equipment can also cause negative pressure.
Mechanical equipment is computer - controlled.
All mechanical equipment is located on the top level.
Most mechanical equipment is composed of some form of moving parts.
Mechanical erosion can occur in dry and damp environments.
Mechanical errors abound.
Mechanical errors are frequent and a substantial part of the required work is missing.
Mechanical errors are frequent.
Mechanical errors can be frequent and a substantial part of the required work is missing.
Mechanical errors predominate and prevent reader comprehension of assignment. .
Most mechanical escapements give one or two pushes during each cycle.
Mechanical exclusion is the best method to keep stink bugs from entering homes and buildings.
Mechanical exhaust is appropriate in case of any dust generated.
Mechanical exhaust is required.
Mechanical failure happens, just like it happens to cars.
Mechanical failure is blamed for the molten sulfur spill.
Mechanical failure occurs when locally high stresses exceed the strength of the material.
Mechanical failure requires mechanical intervention.
Mechanical failures are fairly common.
Mechanical failures can also be a problem.
Mechanical failures happen.
Most mechanical failures result from gradual wear .
Most mechanical failures result from gradual wear.
Mechanical faith is foolishness.
Mechanical fasteners are permissible for attachment of flashing to wood.
Mechanical fasteners are permissible for attachment to wood.
Mechanical fatigue is the most common type of failure of structures in service.
Mechanical features encourage proper form and help maintain consistent levels of exertion.
Mechanical feed ensures continuous operation.
Mechanical feedback is provided by the differentiating lever, as in the manual mode.
Mechanical filters can remove only a certain type and size particulates from the air.
Mechanical filters provide protection against particulates such as dusts, mists or metal fumes.
Mechanical filters provide protection by trapping particulate matter in the fibrous filter material.
Mechanical filters work by physically trapping particulate matter.
Mechanical filtration can also be something as simple as a settling pond.
Mechanical filtration is good for keeping the water clear and free of debris.
Mechanical filtration is necessary to remove debris and gases from the water.
Mechanical filtration is simply a media that traps out particles but lets the water pass through.
Mechanical filtration is the only really filtration.
Mechanical filtration is the removal of particles from the water.
Mechanical filtration occurs at the junction between the arterioles and the venous sinuses.
Mechanical filtration occurs in each glomerulus.
Mechanical filtration removes solids from the water.
Mechanical filtration removes unsightly particles from the tank.
Mechanical filtration sucks in and traps debris.
Mechanical fish can.
Mechanical flag indicates a trip even with loss of supply.
Some mechanical flashers get very slow when cold weather causes the grease to harden.
Mechanical flaws can take two, three or four weeks of practice.
Mechanical flight is the use of a machine to fly.
Mechanical force is developed as myosin and actin filaments slide past each other.
Mechanical forces modulate the biosynthetic response of bovine articular and epiphyseal cartilage.
Mechanical forces pay scales.
Mechanical forces regulate focal adhesion and costamere assembly in cardiac myocytes.
Mechanical forces squeeze the fluid from the lungs.
Mechanical fuel pump only, no electric or belt drive.
Mechanical functions are more complex and difficult to classify.
Mechanical gauges use precision hobbed brass gears for long life.
Mechanical gears mark the progress achieved from industrial to nuclear.
Most mechanical gear is housed in the expansive engine room.
Mechanical gods are powerful beings.
All mechanical governors have a speed droop.
Mechanical graduates are ahead of the game if they have the soft skills employers talk up nowadays.
Mechanical gyros have limited lifespans due to mechanical wear.
Some mechanical harvest causes injuries.
Some mechanical harvest causes superficial injuries.
Mechanical harvesters are also available for large commercial acreages of blueberries.
Mechanical harvesters are available for processing beets.
Mechanical harvesters are large machines which cut and collect aquatic plants.
Mechanical harvesters can snip as many trees an hour as a chain saw crew used to fell in a day.
Mechanical harvesters cut and remove most of the plant and deposit the debris on land.
Mechanical harvesters tend to spread the milfoil and expensive to operate.
Some mechanical harvesters have difficult time.
Some mechanical harvesters have time.
Mechanical harvesting bares the soil, the whole area needs protection from the wind.
Mechanical harvesting causes some superficial injury.
Mechanical harvesting is a common practice for seed production fields.
Mechanical harvesting is difficult when leaves are weakened by blight.
Mechanical harvesting is now common, using specially adapted cutter-binders or simpler cutters.
Mechanical harvesting is the key to the future in Texas.
Mechanical harvesting produces poor quality coffee, a mixture offripe and unripe berries.
Mechanical harvesting requires relatively weed-free fields.
Mechanical harvesting requires the use of specialized combine headers.
Mechanical heart valves carries a risk of thrombo-embolism necessitating anticoagulant treatment.
Mechanical heart valves.
Mechanical improvements are also very nice.
Mechanical improvements are underway at East Village.
Mechanical inaccuracy causes embarrassment and eliminates opportunities for jobs and promotion.
Mechanical Information See the rate chart for ad sizes.
Mechanical injuries are caused by actions.
Mechanical injuries provide a pathway for fungal pathogens to invade roots.
Mechanical injuries vary widely, as does appropriate management.
Mechanical injury forces the toxic oil out of the oil glands.
Most mechanical injuries are caused by actions.
Some mechanical injuries lead to infection.
Mechanical installation continues to all areas and electrical installation works have commenced.
Mechanical installations appear well executed, and machinery and components are accessible.
Mechanical instruments are slightly out of tune with themselves.
Mechanical instruments extend the hand, the breath, the ear, and the eye.
Mechanical integrity is a major concern.
Mechanical integrity is of the greatest importance for mechanical carriers.
Mechanical integrity is of utmost, and underrated, importance.
Mechanical interaction takes place in layers with a thickness of a few tenths of a micron.
Mechanical interlock allows only one drawer to open at a time to inhibit tipping.
Mechanical intervention -Include shoe modifications and bracing.
Mechanical irritation accounts for the majority of unpleasant reactions due to plant exposure.
Mechanical irritation causes inflammation.
Most mechanical irritation causes inflammation.
Mechanical isolation deals with the actual mechanics of the reproductive organs.
Mechanical isolation is implemented for an entire chassis or selected internal components.
Mechanical isolation occurs when mating is physically impossible.
Mechanical isolation occurs when the genitalia are structurally incompatible.
Mechanical issues are often responsible for much of the cost of production.
Mechanical Issues Does the person.
Most mechanical items are available and relatively inexpensive.
Mechanical joints require rivets, screws, bolts and nuts and a variety of special fasteners.
Mechanical keyboards are the most common form of keyboard.
Some mechanical knowledge is necessary.
Mechanical lash is a dead zone in the feedback loop.
Some mechanical leeches perform functions.
Some mechanical leeches perform same functions.
Mechanical licenses are available only to U.S. manufacturers or importers with U.S. addresses.
Mechanical life is a life of repetition.
Mechanical lifts come in a variety of models.
Mechanical linkage places an unnatural inertia on the user.
Mechanical load affects the growth and maturation of skeletal muscle grafts.
Mechanical loading is an important physiological stimulus to net bone formation.
Mechanical loading regulates osteopontin and myeloperoxidase.
Mechanical machines are totally rotary controlled.
All mechanical machines are made by combining simple machines .
All mechanical machines are made by combining simple machines.
Mechanical measurements look at the viscoelastic properties of the tissue.
Mechanical mechanism makes photo cube turn when wound to play tune.
Mechanical mechanisms used in familiar storage technologies are intrinsically slow.
Mechanical meters take up a lot of space.
Mechanical methods are a crude approach in the removal of foam.
Mechanical methods are often labour-intensive and costly.
Mechanical methods are perhaps the most well-known brush destroyers.
Mechanical methods can be especially useful for removing portions of dense mats of weeds.
Mechanical methods involve cutting vines just above ground level and destroying all cut material.
Mechanical metronomes are fragile.
Mechanical models feature a mechanical timer with heat or simply a mechanical timer.
Mechanical mice are prone to collect dirt within their internal mechanisms.
Mechanical mice use any surface.
Mechanical movement generates heat.
Mechanical movement is possible with resulting instantaeous changes in resistance.
All mechanical movement is excellent.
Most mechanical movement generates heat.
Most mechanical music is very oppressive.
Mechanical necessity rules all.
Mechanical noise is about average for the subcompact sedan class.
Mechanical noise is everywhere.
Mechanical obstruction can also result in vocal fold motion impairment.
Mechanical obstruction is the primary risk from ingestion.
Mechanical ones have all-rotary parts.
Mechanical operation Describe intra-aortic balloon pump mechanical operation.
Mechanical operation is nearly silent until the hammer fires.
Mechanical organizations isolate people in their departments.
Mechanical overload stops proterct the transducer from high overload pressures in either direction.
Mechanical pain affects most people at some stage in their lives and postural changes are common.
Mechanical parts are often prone to a great deal of wear and tear before a serious breakdown occurs.
Any mechanical part is subject to failure with use, sometimes suddenly.
Mechanical patents are far and away the most numerous patents classification.
Mechanical pencils are very popular.
Mechanical performance is set to support the traction of the wires.
Many mechanical permits require an analysis of the building.
Mechanical physics is preferred, with a focus on heat, light, and sound.
Mechanical pickers make the job much faster.
Mechanical power can be very interesting.
Mechanical power is converted into electrical power through the use of a piezoelectric generator.
Mechanical prep involves hitting the rock without hitting the fossil.
Mechanical pressure builds up as each pod reaches maturity.
Mechanical problems are often easier to solve with a small group than alone.
Mechanical problems are the most likely cause of problems.
Mechanical problems are usually down to lack of servicing.
Mechanical problems can also occur.
Mechanical problems can develop but there always seems to be a bike repair stand on the next corner.
Mechanical problems continue to hamper the team.
Mechanical problems have to be considered as well.
Mechanical processes are at constant entropy.
Mechanical processes produce a much higher yield of pulp than chemical processes.
Mechanical processes reduce the chance of infection, adulteration and pollution.
Every mechanical process has a built-in failure rate.
Mechanical processing begins with the chewing and mastication by the teeth and tongue.
Mechanical proofs are acceptable.
Mechanical properties are also very similar to worked materials.
Mechanical properties are measures of how a material reacts to mechanical forces.
Mechanical properties are more than double, while elongation drops substantially.
Mechanical properties are the response of matter to applied forces.
Mechanical properties are what make structural products perform.
Mechanical Properties Be able to use the concepts of stress and strain in one dimension.
Mechanical properties change considerable at low temperatures.
Mechanical properties describe how a material behaves when force or stress is applied to it.
Mechanical properties describe the way that a material responds to forces, loads, and impacts.
Mechanical propulsion includes electric trolling motors and gas or diesel powered motors.
Mechanical prostheses are more durable but have the attendant risks of anticoagulation.
Mechanical ptosis occurs when the weight of the eyelid is too great for the muscles to lift.
Mechanical pulp provides good opacity but has low brightness and relatively weaker fiber strength.
Mechanical rakes remove the berries from the vines with an action similar to a comb.
Mechanical rates are dependant on refrigeration system chosen and other factors.
Mechanical receivers work the same way too.
Mechanical refrigeration is the most efficient method of cooling water.
Mechanical refrigeration marks the third era.
Mechanical reliability is paramount in our designs.
Mechanical removal can encourage clonal reproduction and spread.
Mechanical removal is a better choice as it also removes the nutrients.
Mechanical removal is a difficult task for either species.
Mechanical removal is an excellent short term solution.
Mechanical removal is fine, but it is tedious and usually misses quite a number of the small pests.
Mechanical removal is suggested only if it can be done safely and economically.
Mechanical removal works best when the plant population is small.
Mechanical repairs are available through independent contractors.
Some mechanical repairers offer pre-winter safety checks for a relatively small price.
Mechanical resistance includes weights, spring tension, and other techniques.
Mechanical resistance is also remarkably insignificant in comparison to aerodynamic losses or gains.
Mechanical resistance is reduced, for extended high-frequency response.
Mechanical resistance replaces manual resistance so the pt.
Mechanical Rooms contain condensate pumps, heat exchanger equipment and domestic hot water heaters.
Mechanical rooms make tempting all-purpose storage areas.
Most mechanical rooms are dramatically different for a number of reasons and in a number of ways.
Mechanical rotation is the number of degrees between end stops.
Mechanical royalties are the main source of income for publishers.
Mechanical scrubs designed to remove dead skin are available in numerous formats.
Mechanical seals connect the pieces of the space suit, insuring an airtight fit.
Mechanical seals meet today's emission limitations in the vast majority of applications.
Mechanical seals serve to keep the oil isolated from the compression chamber.
Mechanical seals using a single coil spring have a wide range of applications.
Mechanical sensors measure a change in sensor length, size or weight caused by moisture deposition.
Some mechanical sensors drive mechanisms.
Mechanical servants wait in the kitchen.
Mechanical sets provide a real challenge.
Mechanical shakers are fascinating to watch.
Mechanical shears can also get hot, and the vibration and noise can be upsetting for some animals.
Mechanical shock is the most likely source of damage for most items.
Mechanical shutter opens, exposing the CCD sensor to light.
Mechanical signals are a proposed mechanism to regulate cartilage biosynthesis.
Mechanical signals are the forces exerted on the cell and the forces produced by the cell.
Mechanical skills are a big asset to a conductor.
Mechanical skills are often of value and related training is a strong asset.
Mechanical skills are valuable and related training is a strong asset.
Mechanical soft diets include clear liquids.
Mechanical soft diets include liquids.
Mechanical solidarity is togetherness based on similarities.
Mechanical specifications define types of connectors and numbers of pins.
Mechanical stabilisers suffer from many disadvantages.
Mechanical stability comes from having fused quartz, in zero gravity, cold.
Mechanical stability has an effect on oscillator drift Rigid construction is of course best.
Mechanical stability is another consideration.
Mechanical stimulation increases expression of acetylcholinesterase in cultured myotubes.
Mechanical stimulation induces intercellular calcium signaling in bovine aortic endothelial cells.
Mechanical stimulation induces intercellular calcium signalling in bovine aortic endothelial cells.
Mechanical stimuli lead to responses.
Most mechanical stimuli lead to responses.
Mechanical stops are standard on rigid models.
Mechanical stops prevent each section from overextending.
Mechanical strain induces constitutive and regulated secretion in fetal lung cells.
Mechanical strain inhibits expression of osteoclast differentiation factor by murine stromal cells.
Mechanical strain inhibits repair of airway epithelium in vitro.
Mechanical strain suppresses inducible nitric oxide synthase in cardiac myocytes.
Mechanical strains induced by tubular flow affect the phenotype of proximal tubular cells.
Mechanical strategies are very clear cut in their operation.
Mechanical strategies can be perimeter sensing systems.
Mechanical stress is an also an essential factor in bone remodelling.
Mechanical stress reduces growth, and can foul up graphical tracks.
Mechanical students have their own small machine shop.
Some mechanical stuffer is required.
Mechanical support including beampipe is still on time.
Mechanical swans are in order.
Mechanical swans are on order.
Mechanical switches have a number of problems.
Mechanical switches have high isolation and low-insertion loss.
A mechanical system is a system
Mechanical system serves the court house as well needs to be placed in the new plans.
Mechanical systems are closed systems.
Mechanical systems are different.
Mechanical systems are fairly reliable and degrade faily smoothly.
Mechanical systems are systems.
Mechanical systems are the very heartbeat of a building.
Mechanical systems provide a steady level of controlled air flow.
Mechanical systems require little feedback from the environment to function.
Mechanical systems stand up to mixed failure modes better.
All mechanical systems are in as-new condition.
All mechanical systems require on-going professional maintenance.
Most mechanical systems follow the clock.
Some mechanical systems use special vortex.
Some mechanical systems use what is called a positive displacement gear pump.
Every mechanical technique supposes a corresponding organization.
Mechanical tests evaluate the performance of the individual members, fasteners, and connectors.
Mechanical testing provides insight into the mechanical environment of the embedded cells.
Mechanical testing shows that the acrylic polymer weakens the cured product.
Mechanical thermostats are usually adjustable, but require special tools.
Mechanical thermostats make use of the expansion rate of different metals.
Mechanical things are important.
Mechanical things do break at the worst time.
Mechanical things do break down.
All mechanical things wear and break from use.
Mechanical thinning is commercial logging in everything but name.
Mechanical time belongs to no one.
Mechanical timers are fine with any compact fluorescent.
Mechanical timing is critical to acceleration and power response in a gasoline engine.
Mechanical tissue is either absent or poorly developed.
Mechanical tissue is usually abundant, in the form of collenchyma and sclerenchyma.
Mechanical tools manufacture.
Mechanical tools measure how much the chamber expands or contracts.
Most mechanical toothbrushes come with rotating or oscillating heads.
Mechanical trackers tend to be low cost.
Mechanical transmission is also common.
Mechanical transmission is much less important in Canada than is biological transmission.
Mechanical transmission occurs when a vector ingests a pathogen from a host reservoir.
Mechanical trauma includes diffuse axonal injury and contusions.
Mechanical trauma is avoided as the lens vaults over the corneal surface.
Mechanical treatments can have impact.
Mechanical treatments can have negative impact.
Mechanical treatments have the same problems.
Most mechanical treatments can have impact.
Most mechanical treatments can have negative impact.
Some mechanical treatments increase production.
Mechanical trouble is the carrier's responsibility.
Mechanical turbulence is intensified in unstable air and is weakened in stable air.
Mechanical types consist of ball float.
Mechanical union is phantom, a counterfeit for unity of the heart.
All mechanical units are hot dipped galvanized and are very robust.
Mechanical updates deliver better acceleration, handling, and stopping.
Mechanical valves are also an option.
Mechanical valves are best suited for younger people, and the population is growing older.
Mechanical valves can cause all sorts of problems, such as breakdown of blood cells or infection.
Mechanical valves can last indefinitely if proper blood thinning medications are always taken.
Mechanical valves have the advantage of durability but the disadvantage of causing blood clots.
Mechanical valves sound differently in each patient.
Mechanical valves tend to last longer, but they are more prone to cause blood clots and strokes.
Mechanical vectors are insects like flies that carry pathogens outside their body.
Mechanical ventilation becomes much more individualized.
Mechanical ventilation can be 'general' or 'local' in design.
Mechanical ventilation can present several problems when caring for a patient.
Mechanical ventilation can supply that air at the correct rate whenever it is required.
Mechanical ventilation is a essential supportive therapy for patients with acute lung injury.
Mechanical ventilation is a method to mechanically assist or replace spontaneous breathing .
Mechanical ventilation is explained as it relates to the physiologic considerations of asthma.
Mechanical ventilation is required to eliminate dust.
Mechanical ventilation is required when isocyanates are heated.
Mechanical ventilation is the fundamental technique for life support in the intensive care setting.
Mechanical ventilation is the main supportive therapy for treatment of severe botulism.
Mechanical ventilation is used to keep a person breathing in extreme cases.
Mechanical ventilation is used to support or replace the function of the lungs.
Mechanical ventilation keeps the level of oxygen at life-sustaining levels.
Mechanical ventilators can provide oxygen and remove carbon dioxide.
Mechanical verification increases the trustworthiness of a proof.
Mechanical version adds specialized mechanical design and drafting functionality.
Mechanical vibration permits stiffer mixes.
Mechanical vibrations can scramble sensitive components.
Mechanical watches use a coiled mainspring for power.
Most mechanical watches use a least five different lubricants for various parts of the mechanism.
Mechanical waves are a local oscillation of material .
Mechanical waves are a local oscillation of material.
Mechanical waves are of two types i.e. transverse waves and longitudinal waves.
Mechanical waves involve disturbances of a mechanical medium such as air, water, earth, and space.
Mechanical waves require a medium in order to transport their energy from one location to another.
Mechanical waves result from vibration.
Mechanical waves transfer energy through matter called the medium .
Mechanical waves transport energy through a medium.
Any mechanical wave is composed of discrete particles of material.
Most mechanical waves result from vibration.
Mechanical wear arises from the repeated contact of surfaces.
Mechanical wear is lessened, thereby reducing downtime for repairs.
Mechanical windmills are still in production and thousands are installed every year.
Mechanical Wonder throws up few surprises.
Mechanical work is defined as force times distance, when the two are in the same direction.
Mechanical work is the dot product of force and displacement vectors.
Some mechanical work is needed on fueling system.
Mechanisation of agriculture is an important into improved agricultural productivity.
A mechanisation is a condition
Mechanisation ensures woodchipping increases with less sawlogs.
Mechanisation is an integral and major component of modern agriculture and land management.
Mechanisation means a change of energy sources, and often a net increase of the use of energy.
Mechanised cultivation can also eliminate the use of chemicals for weed control.
Mechanised units can dismount, move through terrain impossible for tracked units, then remount.
Mechanism design is an outgrowth of game theory.
Mechanism design is likely to be involved.
Mechanism of action is covered.
Mechanism of action is identical to that of benztropine.
Mechanism of action is probably via an interaction with tumour suppressor genes.
Mechanism of action is similar to that of sulfonamides.
Mechanism of action is unclear.
Mechanism of action is unknown.
Mechanism of action is very diverse.
Mechanism of action varies within the drug class.
A mechanism is a chemical action
Mechanism allowing easy flow of financial capital China is quite different.
Mechanism are interesting.
Mechanism arrows that point downward are call arrows.
Mechanism balances in the plane while hopping on one leg.
Mechanism controls scheduling during congestion, etc.
Mechanism features ball bearings for durability.
Mechanism here refers to the actual way in which plants affect one another's growth.
Mechanism involves specific mutations in the variable antibody gene coding for antibody.
Mechanism is complex, fragile and sensitive.
Mechanism is developed, demonstrated, and institutionalized.
Mechanism is distributional or protein binding.
Mechanism is established for regular interaction between cooperating agencies.
Mechanism is French.
Mechanism is hyperextension due to a fall on an outstretched hand.
Mechanism is obsolete.
Mechanism is positive lock, adjustable, breakaway type.
Mechanism is same length-tension relationship observed in skeletal muscle.
Mechanism is similar to mutoscope, but with horizontally flipping cards.
Mechanism is stressed.
Mechanism is transient umbilical cord compression.
Mechanism is unknown for treating onycholysis.
Mechanism is unknown.
Mechanism isa device.
Mechanism needs attention.
Mechanism prevents removal from the crossbar when closed and locked.
Mechanism relates to dilitation of efferent glomerular arterioles.
Mechanism remains unchange except for the trigger.
Mechanism tests today then start CME watch and synoptic.
Mechanisms allow for the population to participate in monitoring the law.
Mechanisms are already in place for gathering results and information from both pathways.
Mechanisms are available to automatically correct to time when the ice melts or the wind drops.
Mechanisms are available with hollow shafts so that hands can be fitted with neon strip lights.
Mechanisms are chemical processes.
Mechanisms are devices.
Mechanisms are in place for broad partnership participation and input to the governance.
Mechanisms are in place to allow for necessary upgrades through the budgetary process.
Mechanisms are in place to assign unique numbers to all payers.
Mechanisms are in place to detect if the content has been tampered with.
Mechanisms are in place to ensure a constant flow of information into the system.
Mechanisms are in place to ensure input from local government throughout the life of the program.
Mechanisms are in place to ensure institutional sustainability of the program.
Mechanisms are in place to facilitate that transaction between client and company.
Mechanisms are in place to get extra copies of works in demand.
Mechanisms are in place to protect proprietary information.
Mechanisms are much less clear than in spinal cord.
Mechanisms are natural objects.
Mechanisms are performance.
Mechanisms are used for functions.
Mechanisms are used for help.
Mechanisms are used for work.
Mechanisms are usually post type metals.
Mechanisms cause friction.
Mechanisms contribute to effects.
Mechanisms contribute to evolution.
Mechanisms contribute to maternal effects.
Mechanisms control activities.
Mechanisms control factor activities.
Mechanisms controlling appetite are a potential target for weight loss drugs.
Mechanisms Define the terms 'rate determining step', 'molecularity' and ' activated complex'.
Mechanisms driving evolution of such huge species assemblages are still unknown to a great extent.
Mechanisms exist and are used to control irresponsible grading practices.
Mechanisms exist to hang graphics from the ceiling.
Mechanisms exist to metabolize, detoxify and excrete toxins.
Mechanisms given in parentheses indicate less likely mechanisms.
Mechanisms have (part) sections.
Mechanisms have applications.
Mechanisms have characteristics.
Mechanisms have cost.
Mechanisms have distinct characteristics.
Mechanisms have functions.
Mechanisms have limits.
Mechanisms have physical limitations in how they move.
Mechanisms have to be implemented to keep the global handle resolution stable.
Mechanisms have to be put in place for the implementation rather than good intentions alone.
Mechanisms have useful functions.
Mechanisms implement policy.
Mechanisms includes principles of enzyme catalysis, allosteric control, and regulation.
Mechanisms increase opportunity.
Mechanisms involve actions.
Mechanisms involve activations.
Mechanisms involve complex interaction.
Mechanisms involve direct responses.
Mechanisms involve forces.
Mechanisms involve in bystander effects.
Mechanisms involve in development.
Mechanisms involve in effects.
Mechanisms involve in interaction.
Mechanisms involve in steps.
Mechanisms involve interaction.
Mechanisms involve receptors.
Mechanisms involve responses.
Mechanisms involve solar wind.
Mechanisms involve wind.
Mechanisms lead to decomposition.
Mechanisms lead to defects.
Mechanisms lead to diversity.
Mechanisms lead to establishments.
Mechanisms lead to isolation.
Mechanisms lead to matter decomposition.
Mechanisms lead to ocular defects.
Mechanisms lead to reductions.
Mechanisms lead to reproductive isolation.
Mechanisms mediate effects.
Mechanisms play important roles.
Mechanisms play roles.
Mechanisms play significant roles.
Mechanisms protect kidneys.
Mechanisms provide cope strategies.
Mechanisms provide insight.
Mechanisms provide new insight.
Mechanisms provide strategies.
Mechanisms regulate abundances.
Mechanisms represent collaborations of classes.
Mechanisms require power.
Mechanisms show evidence.
Mechanisms solve problems.
Mechanisms supply the foundation for functions.
Mechanisms thus represent patterns of behavior.
Mechanisms underlying the formation of inclusion bodies remain ill defined and variable.
Mechanisms use energy.
Mechanisms use minimal energy.
Mechanisms vary within states, watershed by watershed, or activity by activity.
Mechanisms verses effective outcomes.
All mechanisms are either in drafting or fabrication.
All mechanisms are in place.
All mechanisms are on the claen side of the filter.
All mechanisms are on the clean side of the filter.
All mechanisms behave nominally.
All mechanisms go about searching differently.
Any mechanism has to ignore irrelevant features and pay attention to relevant, invariant features.
Many mechanisms also have an energy graph that runs simultaneously.
Many mechanisms are available depending on the final alliance business model used.
Many mechanisms are in widespread use.
Many mechanisms are simple variations of add.-elim.
Most mechanisms cause friction.
Most mechanisms contribute to effects.
Most mechanisms contribute to evolution.
Most mechanisms contribute to maternal effects.
Most mechanisms have applications.
Most mechanisms have characteristics.
Most mechanisms have distinct characteristics.
Most mechanisms have functions.
Most mechanisms have limits.
Most mechanisms have useful functions.
Most mechanisms increase opportunity.
Most mechanisms involve actions.
Most mechanisms involve activations.
Most mechanisms involve complex interaction.
Most mechanisms involve direct responses.
Most mechanisms involve forces.
Most mechanisms involve in bystander effects.
Most mechanisms involve in development.
Most mechanisms involve in effects.
Most mechanisms involve in interaction.
Most mechanisms involve in steps.
Most mechanisms involve interaction.
Most mechanisms involve receptors.
Most mechanisms involve responses.
Most mechanisms involve solar wind.
Most mechanisms involve wind.
Most mechanisms lead to decomposition.
Most mechanisms lead to defects.
Most mechanisms lead to diversity.
Most mechanisms lead to establishments.
Most mechanisms lead to isolation.
Most mechanisms lead to matter decomposition.
Most mechanisms lead to ocular defects.
Most mechanisms lead to reductions.
Most mechanisms lead to reproductive isolation.
Most mechanisms play important roles.
Most mechanisms play roles.
Most mechanisms play significant roles.
Most mechanisms provide cope strategies.
Most mechanisms provide insight.
Most mechanisms provide new insight.
Most mechanisms provide strategies.
Most mechanisms regulate abundances.
Most mechanisms require power.
Most mechanisms show evidence.
Most mechanisms solve problems.
Most mechanisms use energy.
Most mechanisms use minimal energy.
Some mechanism is needed to maintain a rotation and monitor the work to be done.
Some mechanism is needed to start up the device driver after isapnp has run.
Some mechanism makes a flowing river scene roll continuously past.
Some mechanism needs to be developed to facilitate that process.
Some mechanism needs to be implemented, filtering or hard coded.
Some mechanisms are used by bivalves.
Some mechanisms are used by nematodes.
Some mechanisms are used by woodchucks.
Some mechanisms cause death.
Some mechanisms consist of plates.
Some mechanisms contribute to excretion.
Some mechanisms contribute to fecal excretion.
Some mechanisms contribute to resistance.
Some mechanisms contribute to uptake.
Some mechanisms control cholesterol absorption.
Some mechanisms control migratory behavior.
Some mechanisms control oocyte growth.
Some mechanisms control reproductive behavior.
Some mechanisms convert energy.
Some mechanisms drive extreme weather.
Some mechanisms drive regeneration.
Some mechanisms drive weather.
Some mechanisms drive wind.
Some mechanisms emit rays.
Some mechanisms enhance fitnesses.
Some mechanisms generate heat.
Some mechanisms have adaptive values.
Some mechanisms have effects.
Some mechanisms have evidence.
Some mechanisms have experimental evidence.
Some mechanisms have similar effects.
Some mechanisms have values.
Some mechanisms help animals.
Some mechanisms help researchers.
Some mechanisms hold lids.
Some mechanisms increase excretion.
Some mechanisms increase urinary excretion.
Some mechanisms involve amino acid substitution.
Some mechanisms involve diffusion.
Some mechanisms involve direct effects.
Some mechanisms involve effects.
Some mechanisms involve fusion.
Some mechanisms involve in actions.
Some mechanisms involve in excretion.
Some mechanisms involve in fertilization.
Some mechanisms involve in parasite resistance.
Some mechanisms involve in reproduction.
Some mechanisms involve in resistance.
Some mechanisms involve in transitions.
Some mechanisms involve increased metabolism of the drug and adaptive changes at the cellular level.
Some mechanisms involve inductions.
Some mechanisms involve movement.
Some mechanisms involve reductions.
Some mechanisms involve separation.
Some mechanisms involve simulation.
Some mechanisms involve substitution.
Some mechanisms involve tissue.
Some mechanisms involve variation.
Some mechanisms lead to adaptive evolution.
Some mechanisms lead to degradations.
Some mechanisms lead to evolution.
Some mechanisms mediate behavioral responses.
Some mechanisms offer applications fine control over how message protection is done.
Some mechanisms prevent absorption.
Some mechanisms prevent fertilization.
Some mechanisms prevent germination.
Some mechanisms produce radiation.
Some mechanisms produce structures.
Some mechanisms provide advantage.
Some mechanisms provide disadvantage.
Some mechanisms provide examples.
Some mechanisms provide protection.
Some mechanisms provide resistance.
Some mechanisms reduce effects.
Some mechanisms reduce excretion.
Some mechanisms reduce potassium excretion.
Some mechanisms reduce urinary excretion.
Some mechanisms reduce urinary potassium excretion.
Some mechanisms regulate excretion.
Some mechanisms regulate food intake.
Some mechanisms regulate germination.
Some mechanisms regulate hormone secretion.
Some mechanisms regulate intake.
Some mechanisms regulate levels.
Some mechanisms regulate maturation.
Some mechanisms regulate mitosis.
Some mechanisms regulate oocyte maturation.
Some mechanisms regulate potassium levels.
Some mechanisms regulate pressure.
Some mechanisms regulate resistance.
Some mechanisms regulate secretion.
Some mechanisms serve different purposes.
Some mechanisms serve purposes.
Some mechanisms use effects.
Some mechanisms use for respiration.
Mechanists reply with almost exactly the same argument.
Mechanistic data is obtained for key catalysts.
Mechanistic models have obvious deficiencies when applied to social phenomena.
Mechanistic modifications are no match for extreme weather conditions.
Mechanistic organizations are high in complexity, formalization, and centralization.
Mechanistic phenomena are completely symmetric with respect to time.
Mechanistic philosophy is the dogma that all of reality is governed solely by mechanical forces.
Mechanistic studies using kinetics are also underway.
More mechanistic studies are in process.
Mechanistic understanding requires atomically clean surfaces and structural information.
Mechanization of agriculture is much more advanced in rich countries than in poor countries.
Mechanization gives faster return on investment.
Mechanization greatly improves the quality and consistency of silt fence.
Mechanization is a condition
Mechanization is a key to commercial success.
Mechanization is complete on big Louisiana farms.
Mechanization is conditions.
Mechanization is good when the hands are too few for the work intended to be accomplished.
Mechanization is nearly unheard of and transportation is costly.
Mechanization is rendered dependent, minor, mortal as it is engaged prosthetically.
Mechanization is required to correct deficiencies.
Mechanization limits the necessity of physical activity required to function in society.
Mechanization means coal companies can dig more coal with fewer workers.
Mechanization offers no short-term solution.
Mechanized agriculture produces greater crop yields.
Mechanized agriculture requires more fossil energy.
Mechanized agriculture requires the use of more fertilizers and pesticides.
Mechanized equipment can damage tree trunks, root systems and soil structure.
Mechanized equipment distributes the low slump manure in storage.
Mechanized graders are available, and function by pumping the fish onto a series of grading bars.
Mechanized graders are very good at separating produce into different sizes.
Mechanized killing is done quickly, and art is done slowly, like child rearing.
Mechanized noise can injure psyche just as second hand smoke injures the lungs.
Mechanized spreaders provide fast and uniform distribution of fertilizers.
Some mechanochemical effects are quite intuitive.
Mechatronic design is the domain of our first prototype system.
Mechatronic devices are one example of a basic implementation of integrated sensing and computing.
Mechatronic engineers use computers and other digital systems to control industrial processes.
Mechatronic products are at the cutting edge of the highly competitive international marketplace.
Mechatronic systems use sensors to convert mechanical measures into electrical signals.
Mechdyne solutions continue to press the envelope of large-scale visualization.
A meclizine is antihistamine
Meclizine can increase the absorption of digoxin by decreasing gastrointestinal motility.
Meclizine is an antihistamine.
Meclizine is structurally and pharmacologically similar to buclizine and cyclizine.
Meclizine is treatment for the symptoms only.
Meclizine is used to treat nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness.
Meclizines are antiemetic.
Meclizines are antihistamine.
Meclizines are drugs.
Meconium aspiration can cause hypoxia which can then lead to a later diagnosis of cerebral palsy.
Meconium aspiration can make the baby very sick and some infants even die.
Meconium aspiration can occur in a stressed neonate in utero or at the time of delivery.
Meconium aspiration is a leading cause of severe illness and death in the newborn.
Meconium peritonitis can occur from perforation of the bowel in utero.
A meconium is dejection
Meconium accumulates in the baby's gut during pregnancy.
Meconium degrades intrinsic surfactant and induces a marked inflammatory response in the lungs.
Meconium is a black, thick, tarry substance.
Meconium is a good thing when it arrives after the baby has been delivered.
Meconium is a mixture of amniotic fluid , bile and secretions from the intestinal glands.
Meconium is a sticky, black waste product which builds up during the time the baby is in the womb.
Meconium is a tar like substance excreted by the baby after birth.
Meconium is made in the intestinal tract.
Meconium is the fecal matter of the fetus.
Meconium is the product of cell loss, digestive secretion and swallowed amniotic fluid.
Meconium is thick, greenish black, and sticky.
Meconiums are fecal matter.
MECS software accommodates the child by offering accelerated learning as well as remediation.
Medal ribbon has silver rosette sewn onto it.
Medal is awards.
Medal is honor
Medal is jewelry.
Medal is tokens.
Medal isa symbol.
Medal looks almost new.
Medal stand training.
Medals appear at the end.
Medals are available in an antique gold, silver or bronze finish.
Medals are in deep toned excellent condition.
Medals are more than just adornments on the military uniform.
Medals are put back in their boxes after the ribbons have been ironed.
Medals are still a ways away.
Medals are the reward that a winery gets when they have done their job well.
Medals are usually coin-shaped.
Medals can denote honorable deeds as well as ones that are questionable or disreputable.
Medals come with ribbon bar.
Medals dictate any wines popularity.
Medals feature the lamp of learning and are hung from purple and white ribbons.
Medals generally signify service in an operational area or for an organization.
Medals glisten on the shoulders of women and men.
Medals go to all finishers.
Medals go to outstanding contributors to modelling and simulation over a sustained period.
Medals go to the top three finishers in all age groups.
Medals sale a disgrace Shame, Australia, shame.
All medals are available in either regular or anodized finish.
All medals are engravable.
All medals are from the Summer Games.
More medals mean higher rank and access to secret ships and levels.
Medalist competition is based on lowest score by an individual for all four rounds.
A medalist is a golfer
Medalists receive a certificate in addition to their medal.
Medallion also manufactures the world's most affordable swim spa.
Medallion also offers dietary fiber and isoflavone testing.
Medallion has titanium-look finish.
Medallion includes safety ropes and floats with every pool kit sold, as well as a safety sign kit.
Medallion is a finance company serving the U.S. taxi industry.
Medallion is bronze with two sides.
Medallion is coin.
Medallion is emblems.
Medallion is films.
Medallion is helpings.
Medallion is removable for graduation.
Medallion is serving
Medallion is the place to go to find the very best.
Medallion offers a wide variety of colors and patterns.
Medallion offers pool heaters.
Medallion specializes in making loans to finance taxicab purchases.
Medallions are also available.
Medallions are four domes or other shapes placed around an open central space.
Medallions can range from simple to quite intricate.
Medallions come with a hole cut in the middle for the installation of a light fixture.
Meddulated fibres are spongy, air filled cells.
Medeco cam locks.
Medeco locks are nearly impossible to pick, certainly MUCH harder than a standard cuff lock.
Medeco locks retrofit more locks than any other manufacturer in the world.
Medflight crews can contend with gusts of up to fifty miles per hour.
A medfly is an insect
Medflies can also enter the state through ports and parcel deliveries.
Medflies stay in waiting mode when they are fed only sugar.
Medfly is one of the world's costliest agricultural pests.
Medflies usually live for about two to three weeks.
Media activism is crucial in the fight for women's rights.
Media activism is truly active .
Media agencies are specialists providing media planning and placement services.
Media agency contacts a plus.
Media analyses look at the way Canadian Jewish issues are perceived in the press.
Media analysts warn of major staff layoffs in the near future.
Media art is students animating students as they surf down halls of their schools.
Media art is students interviewing each other about racism, violence, love and dreams.
Media arts deal with video, black and white film, as well as computer graphics.
Media attention attracts younger, uncouth vamps to New Orleans.
Media attention can result in community fundraisers and donations from private citizens.
Media attention comes with the territory.
Media attention continues.
Media attention is ardent.
Media attention is good for the program in the long run.
Media attention is intense.
Most media attention focuses on steroid use at international level.
Most media attention is on the perimeter breach and it was an impressive action.
Much media attention is showered on organizations that buy the freedom of slaves in Sudan.
Many media barons do it, but with more decorum and finesse.
Media bias has a long history.
Media bias is a subject that easily becomes boring to sophisticates.
Media bias is another.
Media bias is especially strong on cultural issues.
Media bias is one kind of problem at a national level.
Media bias is simply a reflection of cultural bias.
Media buyers agree.
Media buyers are very aware of what sweeps months ratings represent.
Media buyers can have a banner ad campaign running in minutes.
Media buyers can identify optimal placements for each target audience and message.
Media buyers do see value in black shows.
Media buyers find it easier to deal with a few large ad networks than dozens of smaller sites.
Media buyers look for the hottest new product because they deliver the highest click-throughs.
Media buyers looking for bargains in spot TV are out of luck.
Media buyers negotiate media buys, tracks a client s budget and provides post-analysis reports.
Media buyers select the best media for clients.
Media buyers work on behalf of advertisers, while ad rep agencies work on behalf of website owners.
Some media buyers advocate using online surveys to measure success.
Media buying includes newspaper ads, radio, television and magazines.
Media campaigns can raise public awareness and shift people's beliefs about an issue.
Media campaigns focusing on social norms are in place.
Media campaigns seem to get the word out.
Media campaigns tend to be very large, very expensive and run over a wide span of time.
Media celebrity is a role one chooses to live.
Media censorship is apparently okay as long as it supports a liberal media's views.
Media centers are the heart of the school, providing services to every teacher and student.
All media centers have access to the Internet.
All media centers have workstations for media and resources.
All media centers use computers for circulation.
Every media center has electronic card catalogs and bibliography search tools.
Every media center is automated and has access to the Internet.
Most media centers have laptops for the specific purpose of teacher checkout.
Most media centers require in-house viewing, except for classroom showings.
Media commentators say the alliance is a sign of the increased globalisation of the industry.
Media companies aim to feed that appetite.
Media companies are acutely sensitive to good and bad management.
Media companies are beholden to their investors.
Media companies are in the process of trying new things and seeing what works.
Media companies are likely to be next in line to feel the pinch.
Media companies are sometimes just as bad.
Media companies are the logical buyers.
Media companies are tired of feeling ripped off.
Media companies continue to be a growth industry.
Media companies eye the wireless Web, but few have figured it out yet.
Media companies face a dilemma.
Media companies form content partnerships .
Media companies get the retailing religion.
Media companies hate that kind of talk.
Media companies have a choice.
Media companies have an obligation to explain their role as beneficiaries of the current system.
Media companies have to adapt.
Media Companies provide access to the Internet or organize on-line information for users.
Every media company has a different approach.
More media companies bulk up their 'net operations.
Some media companies think so, too, and disclaimers also are becoming common.
Media concentration is a component of the telecommunications companies' strategy.
Media concentration is high, and increasing.
Media concentration leads to the disappearance of local information in another way.
Media conference calls.
Media conferences give a certain degree of seriousness to the issue.
Media conglomerates are apt to post enormous profits while small outlets struggle to survive.
Media conglomerates are, of course, global phenomena.
Most media conglomerates have interests in both print and broadcasting.
Media consolidation weakens local communities.
Media consolidation weakens our democracy.
A media consultant is a consultant
Media consultants view voters as members of an audience rather than participants in a process.
Media content is a limited predictor of potential effects of media exposure.
Media content is shaped in part by external societal forces.
Media content is shaped in part by the media's own production processes.
All media content is copyrighted by their respective owners.
Media control is more concerned with moving calls and messages between different media resources.
Media control is through built-in objects.
Media converters offer a partial solution to the problem.
Media converters offer an inexpensive alternative to repeaters.
Media coverage can maximize the impact of the event.
Media coverage causes heat.
Media coverage depends heavily upon submitted material.
Media coverage emphasizes the dangers of nuclear energy.
Media coverage generates public generates public outrage, if incomplete understanding.
Media coverage generates public sympathy.
Media coverage gives an institution greater credibility, cachet and name recognition.
Media coverage helps alert the public to the importance of good field conditions to the game.
Media coverage helps generate interest in a project or program.
Media coverage influences the public's perception of the lesbian and gay community.
Media coverage is a great way to drive the message home.
Media coverage is almost totally dedicated to the ruling party.
Media coverage is always a plus for sponsors as well.
Media coverage is always important.
Media coverage is dominated by sensationalism, conflict, personalities and superficial analysis.
Media coverage is encouraged.
Media coverage is episodic.
Media coverage is extensive and exceptionally positive.
Media coverage is intensive.
Media coverage is invited and encouraged.
Media coverage is invited and welcome at the event.
Media coverage is invited.
Media coverage is just better.
Media coverage is limited to the unveiling ceremony only.
Media coverage is listed on a separate page.
Media coverage is more believable, credible than direct info.
Media coverage is part of the attraction.
Media coverage is poor, especially radio coverage of the basketball games.
Media coverage is researched, obtaining clippings, film or television footage where available.
Media coverage is so important that it calls for careful planning.
Media coverage is the key to the masses.
Media coverage is too sparse to provide much guidance to the public.
Media coverage is vital to any successful business.
Media coverage is welcome .
Media coverage is welcome.
Media coverage is welcomed .
Media coverage is welcomed.
Media Coverage Welcome to a whole new way of learning.
Media critics accuse journalists of looking for conflict behind every situation.
Media critics say . . .
Most media critics acknowledge that mainstream coverage was mixed.
Media criticism has to explore the psychology of journalism.
Media criticism is intepreted as public discourse assessing the media and media impact.
Media criticism is thus essential to protecting democracy.
Media criticism means an examination and an explication of the pursuit and presentation of truth.
Media culture can both negatively and positively influence children's behavior and ideas.
Media culture is always present, always now.
Media diversity fosters a pluralist society.
Media ecology is the study of media as environments.
Media ecology is, in short, a preparadigmatic science.
Media education can begin at an early age.
Media education develops critical thinking skills.
Media education encourages students to identify and examine the values contained in media messages.
Media education encourages the active collaboration of the audience in the communication process.
Media education has the potential to reduce the harmful effects of media.
Media education includes the ability to access, analyze, evaluate, and produce media products.
Media education is a multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary approach to the study of media.
Media education is defined as the study and analysis of mass media.
Media education is experiential and nurtures group work, cooperative learning and partnership.
Media education is highly compatible with multiple intelligence theory and practice.
Media education is no exception.
Media education is simply the process used to develop media literacy in our students.
Media education needs a higher priority in schools.
Media education uses equipment that is expensive to buy and maintain.
Media errors can result from drive problems, wear and tear and dirt within the drive.
Media ethics includes accuracy, fairness, and context in the story.
Media evaluation is quantified and placement times for electronic media can be maximized.
Media events are events.
Media Events are for badged members of the press ONLY .
Media Events Check out our listing of upcoming press and analyst events.
Many media events take place at our beautiful garden.
Media Executives gather at annual convention.
Media files are large.
Media files are small and responsive, with a stable toolset and security in place.
Media files are small and responsive, with security in place and a stable tool set.
Media files are the actual digitized media.
Media files are usually large and take a long time to download.
Media files are usually quite large and take more time to download.
Media files are usually quite large.
Media files tend to be very large, so they require a lot of storage space on the server.
Media files use a lot of space .
Media filters are best for removing organic material from the water.
Media formats are an ever growing and rapidly changing area.
Media formats covered include film, video, videodisc, multimedia and CD-ROM productions.
Media formats tend to be exclusive to their respective drives.
Media foundation is into street level activism.
Media freedom is a fundamental right that is included in the right of free expression.
Media freedom is also about desire to decrease the influence of media alltogether.
Media freedom is restricted by the government.
Media frenzies run in cycles, though, and maybe the Net sex panic has peaked.
Media gateways can bridge the gap between the Internet and circuit-switched telephone networks.
Media group wants abolition of licence concession-granting.
Media groups focus on the worst in our society, excluding all of the great things in the nation.
Media groups say the rules reflect a national trend.
Media guides are available.
Media history is littered with rosy forecasts - and bleak realities.
Media hoaxes are a part of media art.
Media hype is overheating expectations, however, real changes are in the water.
Media influences can be dangerous.
Media kit Visit the home and family sites from our parent company.
Media kits are also available.
Media kits are available at the conference or on request.
Media kits are available for members of the press.
Media kits can also prove beneficial when promoting an activity or event.
Media kits contain full program details and route map.
Media kits contradict themselves all over the place.
Media Kits Order a media kit or request additional information about the company.
Media law affects the way information can be obtained and presented in many different ways.
Media law applies equally to all media of communication.
Media law is a fascinating field.
Media law is a landscape of shifting sands and moving targets.
Media law is about the relationship between the government and the media industry.
Media law is fascinating.
Media links change often.
Media Links has links to online newspapers from all over the world.
Media links is a comprehensive directory of broadcasters and magazine and newspaper publishers.
Media Links Searchable international directory of newspapers and other media.
Media links stimulate cross-over variance of data to withstand activation of grid positioning.
Many media links offered here are full-text.
Media literacy can increase our enjoyment of media.
Media literacy can make a passive relationship active.
Media literacy covers a gamut of topics for discussion and deconstruction.
Media literacy gives children the tools needed to interact successfully with media.
Media literacy is a basic competency in today's world.
Media literacy is a concept that encourages inquiry about media.
Media literacy is a provocative subject.
Media literacy is about being smarter than the advertisers.
Media literacy is addressed through the reading and language arts curriculum and in Quest.
Media literacy is an essential part of exposing the consumerist goals underlying media content.
Media literacy is an important part of our conflict management program.
Media literacy is associated with critical media initiatives.
Media literacy is concerned with the process of understanding and using the mass media.
Media literacy is education for social empowerment.
Media literacy is emphasized throughout the curriculum.
Media literacy is known by a variety of names.
Media literacy is necessary for responsible citizenship in a democratic society.
Media literacy is one of the subject areas listed.
Media literacy is that definition.
Media literacy is the ability to access, analyze, evaluate, and create media messages.
Media literacy is the ability to find, understand, and create media messages.
Media literacy is the ability to successfully understand and utilize different forms of media.
Media literacy is the ability to understand and evaluate all the symbol systems of a society.
Media literacy is the answer.
Media literacy is the teaching of both the 'reading' and 'writing' of the mainstream media.
Media literacy is thus an especially difficult challenge in the United States.
Media literacy promotes more active citizenship.
Media literacy promotes the practice of comparing the structure and motivation of different media.
Media makers invent ways to work without grants.
Media management directs all aspects of tape management and tape library control.
Media management is a study of people, creative people working together toward a common goal.
Media management is simplified with a removable cartridge holder that includes a dust cover.
Media management remains an area of major significance across a broad range of public health issues.
Media moguls are in the same league as the rest of the rich.
Media objects hold the real contents that make up the whole system.
Media outlets are another great source for reaching a specific demographic group.
Media outlets are limited, which is both an advantage and a disadvantage.
Media outlets are the best resource for teachable moments.
Media outlets can download press releases, photos and graphics, streaming video and audio.
Media outlets can publish the best lessons they can find or develop to teach each week's content.
Media outlets can reprint any of the following columns at no charge.
Media outlets can submit an unlimited number of stories.
Media outlets know it is good business to join with non-profits as partners.
Media outlets offer an address to receive press releases .
Media outlets own and operate several cameras in various locations around the city.
Media outlets receive hundreds of press releases every day.
Media outlets relish the prospect of increased ad revenue.
Media outlets thrive on press releases every day to fill fresh content.
Media outlets work to inform the public and provide high-quality entertainment.
All media outlets practice an extremely high level of self-censorship.
Every media outlet operates on deadlines.
Many media outlets have forums for opinion pieces.
Many media outlets require private passwords or codes for clement weather notifications.
Most media outlets depend on advertising revenue to survive.
Most media outlets have their own websites.
Most media outlets prefer to receive press releases in the following format.
Some media outlets are famous for their attitude that scruples are for others.
Some media outlets are notorious for the bias they exhibit when it comes to certain news events.
Media ownership is a mix of state owned and private.
Media ownership is highly concentrated.
Media ownership is said to be concentrated usually in one or more of the following ways.
Media ownership is very profitable.
Media participation is limited.
Media participation is voluntary.
Media personalities are human, and each has their own personal feelings and beliefs.
Media phones are a good example of the way the telecommunications industry is developing.
Media planners are familiar with a product's target audience and typical user.
Media planners continue the search for ways to compare the Internet to traditional media.
Media planners have lots of industry contacts.
Media planners help ad agencies choose the best outlet to reach the customers they want.
Media planners love to bitch.
Media planning is an extremely data intensive business.
Media planning is just one component of the overall strategy.
Media platforms supported include print, digital video, interactive multimedia and the web.
Media players allow Internet users to view streaming or downloaded audio and video files.
Media players can easily stream video and audio at very high quality, especially modern versions.
Media players offer streaming capabilities that is, the ability to hear and see live events.
Media players proliferate The disputes are exploding at a time when Web radio is making headway.
ALL media players can run it.
Many media players use libraries.
Media policy is again in play.
Media policy resembles the verses of a Spanish troubadour's song.
Media power continues to become more and more concentrated in the hands of a few corporate giants.
Media processors achieve performance with data parallelism.
Media production is a continuous and systematic effort.
Media production takes time.
Every media production is designed to attract and appeal to specific audiences.
Most media production is a business, designed to generate income.
Media programs focus on the relationship between youth violence and the media.
Media programs increase the professionalism and financial management of the independent media.
Media psychology is a composite of semantics, semiotics, and synthetics.
Media reform is therefore vital to the creation of a self-sustaining peace.
Media relations can generate media coverage.
Media relations involves everyone In the association.
Media relations is a game of averages.
Media relations is a give and take.
Media relations is a major part of our job.
Media relations is a skill that is enhanced by ongoing, relentless practice.
Media relations is a specialty.
Media relations is a two-way street.
Media relations is also responsible for the hometown news release program.
Media relations is crucial.
Media relations is only part of any public relations programme.
Media relations Keep it simple.
Media relations provide another example of overlapping responsibilities and conflicting approaches.
Media relations works best through personal contacts or a recognized, reputable agency.
Media releases are also available by email.
Media releases are e-mailed at the same time they are posted to our Web site.
Media Releases Find out what is happening from our recent media releases.
Media releases highlight some new research findings.
All media releases are available on-line.
Media reporters misuse the Islamic term jihad to mean a holy war.
Media research identifies the threats and opportunities that the Internet offers.
Media research is no longer a desk job and crunching numbers.
Media research proves it.
Most media research examines the images portrayed about a topic in one or two sources.
Media rooms are available for listening to musical recordings and viewing videos and DVDs.
Media servers can play media into an existing conference.
Media servers can record voice mail.
Media sources are now interested in receiving copies of the statements.
Some media sources maintain their online links longer than others.
Media space is donated.
Media spaces are one way of providing distributed groups with informal awareness of each other.
Media stereotypes tend to depict people with disabilities as victims employed in low- skilled jobs.
Media stories tell it like it is.
Some media stories suggest pesticides are linked to cancer.
Some media stories suggest that pesticides are linked to cancer.
Media strategies are extremely flexible.
Media strategies take a high level of commitment sustained over time to be successful.
Media strategies take a variety of forms.
Media strategy means both beginning strategy and progress strategy.
Media studies comprises one term on the print industry and one term on broadcasting.
Media studies take some ideas from other areas of study, such as humanities and the social sciences.
Most media studies remain centred on the English-speaking world.
Media stunts can be of great use in getting coverage if they are done well.
Media theorists debate over whether the Internet is the mass medium of the future.
Media theory considers the media an object and starts reasoning from there.
Media training includes practising in front of a camera and with video replay.
Media training is a concept which sounds simple and obvious, easy to put off to another day.
Media training is provided by request, so that instructors can learn to use the equipment.
Media Training teaches key individuals how to talk to the media.
Media type appears to recognize only electronic or book.
Media types carry security warning.
Media types do research.
Media types seem to be getting thinner and thinner.
All media types are subject to editing for space and clarity.
All media types are virus scanned before shipping.
Many media types are available for data storage.
Many media types have no idea what they are talking about.
Media vehicles range from syndicated programs to local broadcast stations or local cable systems.
Most media ventures take a long time to develop and become profitable.
Media violence can be addictive.
Media violence can be bad language on radio.
Media violence can desensitise children to real world and fantasy violence.
Media violence can desensitize children to realworld and fantasy violence.
Media violence can desensitize children to real-world and fantasy violence.
Media violence can encourage children to learn aggressive behavior and attitudes.
Media violence creates a mind set - the mind set that it is okay to commit violence.
Media violence creates additional violence.
Media violence desensitizes children.
Media violence helps form the nature of the hands that hold the guns.
Media violence indicates that society values profits over children.
Media violence is a big problem.
Media violence is a broad target and an easily accepted excuse for societal ills.
Media violence is as pervasive as television itself.
Media violence is back in the news.
Media violence teaches who can get away with what against whom.
Media watchdog demands changes in media boards.
Media watchdogs are voicing concern about the effect of TV images on young minorities.
Media watchdogs make careers launching competing studies.
Media weight is kind of a double edged sword.
Media work requires successful grassroots activism as a foundation for reaching journalists.
All media work is guided by the goal of outreach and positive feedback.
Every media work involves script, production, presentation, and content data.
Medial devices produce raw data.
Medial end moves inferiorly in shrugging of the shoulders.
Medial epicondylitis is inflammation of the tendons of the finger flexor muscles.
Medial flexions require humerus inward rotations and ulna flexions.
Medial luxations occur most often in the toy breeds and are characterized as congenital luxations.
Medial moraine is formed from two lateral moraines.
Medial moraines are formed when two glaciers meet.
Medial moraines are indicative of multiple valley glaciers flowing in parallel.
Medial moraines form on top of existing glaciers.
Medial post adds stability.
A medial rectus is an eye muscle
Medial rectus moves the eye medially.
Medial rotation is seen by rotating the leg inward about a vertical axis.
Medial rotation is signified by a negative number.
Median age is included in the tables.
Median age means half of Grand Island's population is younger than the median, while half is older.
Median age refers to the average population .
Median age refers to the average population. .
Median barriers apply to all drivers, including local residents.
Median bodies persist in mitosis and are marked with asterisks.
Median calculator Calculates the median for a numeric field in a table.
Median duration is the midpoint of a distribution of weeks of unemployment.
Median estimates are unweighted.
Median estimates suggest little change, though many suggested heightened risk of weak data.
Median figures are exact, however.
Median filter is very useful to remove hot spots and cool spots.
Median filters are slow.
Median fins are vertical fins on a fish's back, underside, or tail.
Median fins control movement.
Median fissure occurs at times, but ia very unusual.
Median forecasts parallel the current snow conditions, with near average numbers for most basins.
Median function is now able to handle two middle values.
Median gill ca.
Median income appears highly variable as analyzed by neighborhoods.
Median income is a better measure because it takes into account how income is distributed.
Median income is high, the infrastructure is sound, and community services are plentiful.
Median income is measured by taking a survey.
Median income is often a more useful number because people are, by definition, closer to the median.
Median income is the income where half the population have a higher income, half lower.
Median income means half the doctors make less, half make more.
Median income means that half the population earns less than that amount.
Median income represents the income reported by a typical California individual or couple.
Median income shows a fairly consistent increase with increased engineering experience.
Median income varies among population groups.
Median income varies from one part of the country to another.
Median incomes are at record levels, and unemployment is at a three-decade low.
Median incomes are per taxpaying unit.
Median incomes represent a wide range of earning levels.
Median lines separate the bivariate sample space into two equally sized parts.
Median nerve appears bi-lobed with a small central cleft.
Median pay is a much better measure of what most workers in the industry make.
Median prices are up, in most instances, substantially.
Median renewals are within the current industry averages.
Median rent is the average amount of cash rent paid from all renter-occupied units.
Median rent is the middle value of gross rents paid.
Median rooms is rounded to the nearest tenth.
Median salaries are about half of the amount paid in public schools.
Median scores are particularly powerful for distributions that are symmetric and heavy-tailed.
Median scores differ greatly from occupation to occupation.
Median separators can also discourage drivers from going around closed crossing gates.
Median strips require additional, continual vegetative maintenance where it has colonized.
Median survival is in excess of ten years with regular phlebotomy exclusively.
Median survival is less than one year even with aggressive treatment.
Median survival is less than three months from diagnosis.
Median survival is longer with foscarnet.
Median survival varies considerably.
A median value is an average
Median values are in parentheses.
A median is an average
Medians are averages.
Medians are hard on plants and trees, especially in the establishment period.
Medians are marked by horizontal lines.
Medians are massaged using a variety of techniques.
Medians are relatively unaffected by extremes.
Medians are somewhat different.
Medians are the middle rank for the group being reported.
Medians are unaffected by a handful of aberrations.
Mediastinal boundaries are undisplaced.
Mediastinal extension is characterized by chest pain, dyspnea and persistent fever.
Mediastinal involvement is more unusual in immunocompromised than in immune-competent patients.
Mediastinal lymphadenopathy is common.
Mediastinal masses are the most common thoracic masses in children.
Mediastinal radiation increases the risk of cardiac toxicity.
Mediastinal teratomas are five times more common in adults than in children.
Mediate factors influence abundance distribution.
Mediate factors influence distribution.
Some mediate reaction produces products.
Mediated agreements are binding and amend the Individual Education Plan.
Mediated agreements are likely to be accepted and enforced by all courts in Colorado.
Mediated Agreements tend to last over time.
Most mediated divorces cost far less than litigated divorces.
Mediated exchanges bring buyers and sellers together and facilitate e-commerce transactions.
Mediated facilities do exist, however, in a few business and professional schools.
Mediated knowledges produce distorted maps, according to own spatio-temporal logics.
Mediated queries can be intolerably inefficient in practice.
Mediated searches are available for a basic fee.
Mediated searches are available for a fee.
Mediated searches are useful for students.
Mediated settlements are more likely to be collected.
Mediated settlements are more likely to solve the problem.
Mediated solutions are constructive.
Mediation acknowledges the participants' innate abilities to resolve their own conflicts.
Mediation addresses the specific needs and interests of each party.
Mediation allows a neutral third party to assist parents in voluntarily settling a custody dispute.
Mediation allows a quick inexpensive solution.
Mediation allows all participants to be treated with respect.
Mediation allows an impartial third party to assist parents in settling their custody dispute.
Mediation allows both parties to maintain a high degree of personal control over their affairs.
Mediation allows both parties to meet with an attorney mediator to come to an agreement.
Mediation allows both parties to reach a resolution.
Mediation allows buyers an opportunity to be heard and to express their feelings of disappointment.
Mediation allows couple to reach a win-win agreement that they themselves create.
Mediation allows couples to make their own decisions.
Mediation allows disputants to control the decisions that affect their lives.
Mediation allows employees to solve their own issues with the hep of a third party.
Mediation allows for creative solutions to disputes.
Mediation allows for the cleansing of the mind and the soul.
Mediation allows greater discussion of the issues.
Mediation allows more creative and complete solutions.
Mediation allows one spouse to dominate another.
Mediation allows parents to make the decisions.
Mediation allows parties to reach a solution and craft an agreement which is enforceable.
Mediation allows the individuals to become active participants in creating a solution that works.
Mediation allows the participants to create solutions beyond the courts' scope.
Mediation allows the parties an opportunity at early resolution of their disputes.
Mediation allows the parties to retain control over what happens in their case.
Mediation allows the two parties to listen and talk to each other.
Mediation also allows everyone to be much more creative.
Mediation also allows the parties to participate in crafting a resolution of the dispute.
Mediation also assists in finding amiable versus legal means to compromise in the workplace.
Mediation also can be less confrontational than arbitration.
Mediation also has an educational dimension.
Mediation also helps unclog our court system.
Mediation also holds out the possibility of preserving business relationships.
Mediation also is available after a finding of probable cause, which is in the determination phase.
Mediation also is available statewide.
Mediation also is usually quicker and less expensive than arbitration.
Mediation also places responsibility on the parties and removes third party control.
Mediation also resolves problems with vendors, distributors, resellers, developers, and consultants.
Mediation also saves on protracted legal fees in custody and visitation matters.
Mediation also works well in resolving problems during probate and trust administration.
Mediation appears to help avoid time delays between key events and hearings.
Mediation assists the attorneys in collecting all segments of the family puzzle.
Mediation assists the parties in their own problem resolution.
Mediation assumes no fault.
Mediation avoids lengthy and unnecessary litigation.
Mediation avoids much of the damaging consequences of adversarial divorces.
Mediation avoids the high financial costs and frustrating delays of litigation.
Mediation avoids the time and adversarial nature of the enforcement system.
Mediation becomes a major method of problem solving.
Mediation becomes final only when everyone agrees.
Mediation begins with an individual screening or intake appointment with one of our mediatiors.
Mediation benefits people, preventing the costly win-lose strategy of a typical court battle.
Mediation brings both parties to the table on an equal basis.
Mediation brings people to a different plane of relationship.
Mediation brings the community together.
Mediation brings together the contesting preferences of the parents.
Mediation builds on latent goodwill.
Mediation can address a wide range of issues.
Mediation can also help deal with issues inside the union and build unity.
Mediation can also make the termination of a relationship more amicable.
Mediation can also make the termination of a work relationship more amicable.
Mediation can also prevent disputes from escalating into more serious problems.
Mediation can also provide time for a shell-shocked spouse to absorb what is happening.
Mediation can also save the parties time and money.
Mediation can also work toward reconciliation.
Mediation can avoid a nasty and public court battle .
Mediation can be a better, more economical and satisfying way to settle disputes.
Mediation can be a form of problem solving.
Mediation can be a good thing if both parties go into it wanting to resolve issues.
Mediation can be a speedy and cost-effective method of resolving disagreements.
Mediation can be a useful tool in fostering negotiations.
Mediation can be an effective alternative.
Mediation can be an excellent alternative in such cases.
Mediation can be attempted at any time during the case, be it litigation or arbitration occurring.
Mediation can be beneficial to both plaintiffs and defendants.
Mediation can be different.
Mediation can be effective even when conflict and anger is high, and communication has broken down.
Mediation can be effective in resolving all types of legal disputes.
Mediation can be fast, and is usually successful.
Mediation can be instrumental in avoiding litigation.
Mediation can be much faster, much cheaper, and more satisfying for the parties.
Mediation can be particularly valuable when their are children involved.
Mediation can be quicker and cost less than court.
Mediation can be quicker and less costly than litigation.
Mediation can be such an event.
Mediation can be the equivalent of guerilla warfare.
Mediation can begin as soon as the participants are ready.
Mediation can begin without any formal agreement between the parties.
Mediation can bring settlement negotiations to fruition faster than having a case proceed to trial.
Mediation can come at any time during a dispute, before or after a formal lawsuit is filed.
Mediation can do that.
Mediation can enable a case to be settled quickly.
Mediation can enable settlement to occur even earlier.
Mediation can enable the parties to create an individualized solution that works for both parties.
Mediation can expedite the estate planning process.
Mediation can fail when disputants engage in behaviors that elicit the other party's resistance.
Mediation can give even divorcing parties a new and better understanding of each other.
Mediation can happen at any stage of the complaint.
Mediation can have a role, especially in pre-development stages to help put a framework on things.
Mediation can help business people solve problems without filing a lawsuit.
Mediation can help equalize power imbalance.
Mediation can help equalize power imbalances.
Mediation can help mend hurt feelings and pave the way for future dealings.
Mediation can help parents and school personnel resolve their education disagreements.
Mediation can help participants with better communication skills to resolve conflicts.
Mediation can help people to move beyond their positions to understanding of their interests.
Mediation can help resolve disputes at any time.
Mediation can help settle disputes.
Mediation can help the family ease a very emotional period of family development.
Mediation can help to preserve and improve relationships.
Mediation can improve the campus environment.
Mediation can increase or improve communications between parties.
Mediation can involve two people or a group.
Mediation can lead to a more positive relationship between the tenant and landlord.
Mediation can make it easier.
Mediation can occur at any time and even more than once.
Mediation can occur at any time in the divorce process.
Mediation can occur in cases where someone is thinking about or has started a legal action.
Mediation can offer a fairer, more civilized, and more cost-effective alternative.
Mediation can offer to businesses and individuals an attractive alternative to litigation.
Mediation can often bring solutions to light and is less negative than more formal or legal action.
Mediation can often produce solutions in a matter of a few hours.
Mediation can often resolve a case in a day.
Mediation can perform such a function.
Mediation can produce dramatic savings in time, cost and stress.
Mediation can provide an even faster, more economical solution than arbitration.
Mediation can put out the fires before they consume both money and family harmony.
Mediation can reduce the cost, time and stress of resolving conflicts.
Mediation can resolve some family law problems such as custody, bankruptcy, taxes, visitation.
Mediation can resolve the dispute quickly, while the product is still commercially viable.
Mediation can result in a mutably satisfying resolution.
Mediation can result in a mutually satisfying resolution.
Mediation can revitalize the economic base of rural communities and strengthen our rural heritage.
Mediation can reward imaginative advocacy.
Mediation can save money .
Mediation can save money.
Mediation can save time .
Mediation can save time and money.
Mediation can save time and reduce the cost of resolving a dispute, both financial and emotional.
Mediation can save time and reduce the financial and emotional costs of resolving a dispute.
Mediation can set the tone for a positive and constructive relationship in the future.
Mediation can start immediately and be completed within a matter of weeks or even days .
Mediation can substantially reduce the time and expense to reach a conclusion of the case.
Mediation can take place almost any time that the parties agree to it.
Mediation can take place at any time during the lawsuit.
Mediation can take place during the divorce suit, before the trial of the case.
Mediation can take place even after court or arbitration proceedings have begun.
Mediation can usually occur both before and during ongoing litigation.
Mediation can usually save significant amounts of money in addition to preserving the family.
Mediation can work for all kinds of disagreements.
Mediation changes the role of lawyers from adversarial negotiators to legal consultants.
Mediation continues to proliferate throughout society.
Mediation costs significantly less than a contested divorce.
Mediation creates a safe and fair environment.
Mediation creates a win-win for everyone .
Mediation creates an atmosphere of cooperation.
Mediation creates mutual respect of all parties to a dispute.
Mediation currently is used to resolve disputes in a wide variety of settings.
Mediation deals with disputes privately and confidentially.
Mediation depends on successful communication.
Mediation depends on the willing participation of all the parties.
Mediation depends upon the commitment of the disputants to solve their own problems.
Mediation derives from a win-win model of conflict resolution.
Mediation differs considerably from arbitration and negotiation.
Mediation directly involves the disputing parties in crafting a solution to the problem.
Mediation does produce settlements at a high rate.
Mediation emphasizes problem solving.
Mediation emphasizes taking personal responsibility for resolving conflict.
Mediation empowers people in three vital areas of life.
Mediation empowers people to resolve conflicts in a cooperative and supportive environment.
Mediation empowers people to solve their own interpersonal problems.
Mediation empowers the disputants themselves.
Mediation empowers the parties to create an agreement that they all can live with.
Mediation enables associations to work together toward a fair and equitable resolution of conflicts.
Mediation enables couples to avoid litigation and reach effective marital settlements.
Mediation enables parents to help in the children's adjustment to the separation and divorce.
Mediation enables people to retain their own decision making power.
Mediation enables people to retain their own decision-making power.
Mediation encourages communication and helps disputants achieve a mutually satisfying resolution.
Mediation encourages people to deal efficiently with conflict and craft a solution.
Mediation encourages responsible decisions about Maryland's economic and environmental future.
Mediation ends when the employees reach an agreement.
Mediation equips people to constructively intervene when others are in conflict.
Mediation establishes a foundation for future co-parenting.
Mediation exists as an alternative form of dispute resolution.
Mediation exists no more, since all things are reconciled, and endless peace obtains.
Mediation facilitates agreements between disputing people.
Mediation facilitates communication and makes the negotiation process more efficient.
Mediation focuses on a resolution to dispute which is mutually satisfying to the parties involved.
Mediation focuses on ending a dispute by finding a solution both sides agree on.
Mediation focuses on flexible solutions tailored to meet the specific concerns of both parties.
Mediation focuses on problem solving rather than placing blame.
Mediation focuses on the future, rather than dwelling on the past.
Mediation focuses on what each person thinks is important and fair.
Mediation generally concludes with a written agreement among the parties.
Mediation generally involves a one to three hour conference in the mediator s office.
Mediation generally is considered to be private and confidential.
Mediation generally takes less time than an adversarial divorce court process.
Mediation generally works best where the parties themselves participate in the mediation sessions.
Mediation gets people talking.
Mediation gets results in personal injury matters.
Mediation gets the parents involved in a more positive way.
Mediation gives a positive structure for the children of divorce.
Mediation gives parties greater control over the outcome .
Mediation gives the parties control over settlement of their dispute.
Mediation handles misunderstandings through communication between the parties in dispute.
Mediation has a high success rate.
Mediation has a long and varied history in almost all cultures of the world.
Mediation has a number of advantages.
Mediation has a positive impact on discipline and curriculum.
Mediation has a relatively high rate of success.
Mediation has advantages over other approaches.
Mediation has advantages over other forms of dispute resolution.
Mediation has clear commercial advantages.
Mediation has many advantages for both parties.
Mediation has many advantages over other approaches to conflict resolution.
Mediation has many places in environmental matters.
Mediation has no effect on later disputes, except perhaps psychological.
Mediation has other benefits, too.
Mediation has several advantages.
Mediation has several distinct advantages for the nursing facility as well as the residents.
Mediation has strong roots in civil law and in labor negotiations.
Mediation has the power to turn adversaries into allies.
Mediation helps define the issues.
Mediation helps maintain relationships between the parties.
Mediation helps parties to reach their own agreements.
Mediation helps people communicate and work together to resolve their differences.
Mediation helps people have difficult conversations.
Mediation helps people in conflict better understand the other person's perspective.
Mediation helps people make their own decisions to resolve their conflict.
Mediation helps people to solve their differences in a fair and friendly manner.
Mediation helps people to understand each other better.
Mediation helps resolve differences in a constructive manner.
Mediation helps the parties develop new, better communications skills.
Mediation helps the parties understand the problem and each other better.
Mediation helps the persons involved to develop realistic and mutually satisfactory solutions.
Mediation holds the potential for a resolution within a modest budget.
Mediation improves communication and understanding.
Mediation improves stalled negotiations because it is assisted and guided by the mediator.
Mediation increases the probability of an early settlement compared to divorce.
Mediation involves a mediator, who helps parents and districts solve problems in a private setting.
Mediation involves a neutral person helping two or more parties to reach a voluntary settlement.
Mediation involves a neutral third party to assist the parties in negotiating an agreement.
Mediation involves an attempt to solve a dispute with the help of a neutral third party.
Mediation involves completely the people with the problem.
Mediation involves face to face communication with the parties involved.
Mediation involves students in conflict coming together and discussing the situation.
Mediation involves using a third party to help resolve the conflict.
Mediation is . . .
Mediation is a chance for both parties to really hear what the other is saying.
Mediation is a cheaper, faster, friendlier alternative to litigation.
Mediation is a civil alternative to adversarial litigation.
Mediation is a collaborative method for ending disputes quickly and inexpensively.
Mediation is a commonly used strategy to assist students with conflict resolution.
Mediation is a communal process with involvement of trusted leadership.
Mediation is a confidential and voluntary process.
Mediation is a confidential and voluntary service.
Mediation is a confidential process in which a neutral person guides the parties in problem-solving.
Mediation is a confidential process where decisions are made in a private conference room.
Mediation is a confidential process.
Mediation is a confidential settlement process.
Mediation is a confidential, cost-effective way to resolve conflicts which arise in daily life.
Mediation is a confidential, voluntary process.
Mediation is a conflict problem-solving process.
Mediation is a consensual process that bears no relationship to litigation or arbitration.
Mediation is a constructive step toward resolving differences.
Mediation is a cost-effective program.
Mediation is a cost-effective way to resolve claims or specific issues relating to claims.
Mediation is a cost-free way for people to work out their disputes without going to court.
Mediation is a critical function to any telecoms company.
Mediation is a disciplined approach to dealing with conflict between individuals or groups.
Mediation is a dispute resolution process that helps people in conflict create their own solutions.
Mediation is a dispute resolution process that is non-adversarial in nature.
Mediation is a dispute resolution process.
Mediation is a distinct profession as defined in the act.
Mediation is a facilitated form of negotiation.
Mediation is a facilitative process.
Mediation is a far less expensive and more constructive alternative.
Mediation is a fast and cost-effective alternative to litigation.
Mediation is a fast inexpensive way to resolve disputes.
Mediation is a fast procedure.
Mediation is a faster and, in most cases, a more cost effective way to reach solutions.
Mediation is a flexible way of resolving a disagreement.
Mediation is a flexible way of resolving disagreements.
Mediation is a form of alternative conflict resolution.
Mediation is a form of alternative dispute resolution required by the judicial process in Maine.
Mediation is a form of alternative dispute resolution.
Mediation is a form of structured negotiations.
Mediation is a formal process with specialist roles.
Mediation is a free process for both parents and schools.
Mediation is a free service to residents of Prince George's County.
Mediation is a FREE, civil and legally binding alternative for settling almost any kind of dispute.
Mediation is a fresh approach resolving disputes.
Mediation is a friendlier alternative.
Mediation is a good approach when there is dispute regarding the children.
Mediation is a good example.
Mediation is a good way to do that.
Mediation is a great way to come to terms for a custody agreement instead of child custody lawsuits.
Mediation is a half day or day long negotiation session that is heard by an impartial third party.
Mediation is a helpful and efficient tool for resolving conflicts early.
Mediation is a highly successful process.
Mediation is a human and highly-effective alternatives to litigation and arbitration.
Mediation is a human experience, and an important one.
Mediation is a joint process to resolve workplace disputes.
Mediation is a kind of 'negotiation assistance' technique.
Mediation is a labor conflict resolution tool aimed at finding a better way.
Mediation is a less formal process than arbitration.
Mediation is a lie told with the utmost conviction.
Mediation is a living process which evolves as a result of the parties' participation in it.
Mediation is a means of dispute resolution outside of the courts.
Mediation is a means to further other business objectives.
Mediation is a method for resolving conflicts.
Mediation is a method for resolving disputes.
Mediation is a method of dispute resolution.
Mediation is a method of resolving conflicts.
Mediation is a method of resolving disputes.
Mediation is a n idea whose time has come.
Mediation is a natural process used by people in everyday situations.
Mediation is a new field that has opened up largely in response to legal costs and delays.
Mediation is a new option available to individuals involved in a civil claim dispute.
Mediation is a non-adversarial process for resolving disputes.
Mediation is a non-adversarial way to resolve conflict.
Mediation is a non-binding dispute resolution mechanism.
Mediation is a non-binding form of dispute resolution.
Mediation is a nonbinding intervention by both sides to resolve a suit and is common in civil cases.
Mediation is a non-binding negotiation facilitated by an experienced and neutral third party.
Mediation is a nonbinding procedure to attempt to settle a dispute.
Mediation is a part of family counseling for people getting divorced.
Mediation is a part of the juvenile criminal justice system.
Mediation is a part-time activity that supplements income.
Mediation is a peaceful and cost-effective alternative.
Mediation is a peaceful way to stop conflict.
Mediation is a positive, practical, effective way to resolve issues.
Mediation is a practice governed by a process ethic, the heart and mind of which is impartiality.
Mediation is a practice that involves using a third party to resolve differences or seek solutions.
Mediation is a preferred method to solving domestic disputes.
Mediation is a principled process for collaborative decision making.
Mediation is a private process.
Mediation is a private, informal way to resolve a dispute.
Mediation is a proactive, professional, confidential, and informal way to resolve disputes.
Mediation is a problem-solving process that allows the parties to develop their own solution.
Mediation is a procedure designed to resolve work-related conflict.
Mediation is a procedure that is, for simplicity's sake, one step removed from arbitration.
Mediation is a process and it takes time to develop.
Mediation is a process assisting couples in reaching agreement.
Mediation is a process by which a neutral mediator helps facilitate a resolution to a problem.
Mediation is a process by which an impartial party tries to help people resolve a dispute.
Mediation is a process designed to facilitate settlement.
Mediation is a process for resolving disputes with the aid of a neutral.
Mediation is a process for resolving disputes.
Mediation is a process in which a neutral facilitates settlement discussions between parties.
Mediation is a process in which parties retain more control over the settlement.
Mediation is a process of alternative dispute resolution involving a third party as a mediator.
Mediation is a process of dispute resolution focused on effective communication and negotiation.
Mediation is a process of dispute resolution.
Mediation is a process of resolving disputed issues without going to court.
Mediation is a process of settling a dispute without going to court.
Mediation is a process of working toward a common understanding and ag reement.
Mediation is a process often used to resolve interpersonal problems.
Mediation is a process that both students choose.
Mediation is a process that helps parties to plan for the future .
Mediation is a process that helps people who have a disagreement reach a settlement.
Mediation is a process that introduces a third party adviser to a situation.
Mediation is a process that is flexible to the needs of the parties.
Mediation is a process that is non-adversarial in nature.
Mediation is a process that lets people speak for themselves and make their own decisions.
Mediation is a process that was used in many ancient civilizations to resolve disputes.
Mediation is a process that works, and a process that keeps relationships intact.
Mediation is a process to help parties to agree a way out of a problem.
Mediation is a process used for resolving workplace differences between two or more parties.
Mediation is a process used in helping people resolve conflicts.
Mediation is a process used to resolve disputes.
Mediation is a process where two or more people settle their problems without going to court.
Mediation is a process whereby parties to a dispute meet with a neutral third party, a mediator.
Mediation is a process which can be relatively quick and inexpensive.
Mediation is a process which is cooperative and constructive.
Mediation is a process which resolves disputes by compromise and agreement.
Mediation is a rapidly expanding field of practice for lawyers.
Mediation is a rapidly growing method of resolving disputes.
Mediation is a recognized professional skill for which training is available.
Mediation is a relatively unstructured dispute resolution approach.
Mediation is a route to direct negotiation between discordant parties or areas in the organization.
Mediation is a safe forum in which spouses can vent their emotions .
Mediation is a secondary service, such as when marketed as part of a law practice.
Mediation is a service offered.
Mediation is a service provided to encourage mutual resolution of workplace conflict.
Mediation is a settlement process.
Mediation is a shared problem solving process.
Mediation is a shared problemsolving process.
Mediation is a simple way for family members to resolve conflicts before, during and after divorce.
Mediation is a skill that involves good communication, problem solving and critical thinking.
Mediation is a skill that involves good communication, problem solving, and critical thinking.
Mediation is a specialist area.
Mediation is a strategic dispute resolution process.
Mediation is a strictly confidential process.
Mediation is a structured negotiation conducted by a specially trained expert known as a mediator.
Mediation is a structured problem solving process.
Mediation is a structured process, yet much more informal than arbitration.
Mediation is a success story.
Mediation is a technique used to help two or more parties resolve a dispute relatively informally.
Mediation is a technique used to help two or ore parties resolve a dispute relatively informally.
Mediation is a term which has been used to describe many different processes.
Mediation is a tested, more sensitive approach to separation and divorce.
Mediation is a thoughtfully structured process that can be used in a variety of conflict situations.
Mediation is a thoughtfully-structured process that can be used in a variety of conflict situations.
Mediation is a tool to resolve conflicts.
Mediation is a truly charitable, community-minded goal.
Mediation is a two-way street.
Mediation is a valuable tool.
Mediation is a very efficient process that saves time.
Mediation is a very flexible process.
Mediation is a very useful aid in helping reach a settlement.
Mediation is a viable alternative to costly litigation.
Mediation is a viable alternative to litigation.
Mediation is a voluntary act of the negotiating parties.
Mediation is a voluntary alternative to traditionally punitive consequences.
Mediation is a voluntary and confidential process where disputing parties meet with a mediator.
Mediation is a voluntary and consensual process.
Mediation is a voluntary conflict-resolution process.
Mediation is a voluntary dispute resolution process to help parties resolve conflict.
Mediation is a voluntary process .
Mediation is a voluntary process and final and binding only if an agreement is reached.
Mediation is a voluntary process designed to assist people in resolving conflict and disputes.
Mediation is a voluntary process that aims for a solution acceptable to everyone involved.
Mediation is a voluntary process that people in dispute can use to reach agreement.
Mediation is a voluntary process which people in dispute can use to reach agreement.
Mediation is a voluntary process.
Mediation is a voluntary, confidential way of solving disagreements, conflicts, or disputes.
Mediation is a voluntary, cost-free, confidential, conflict resolution process.
Mediation is a voluntary, informal and collaborative process for solving problems.
Mediation is a voluntary, informal dispute resolution process.
Mediation is a voluntary, informal process of dispute resolution.
Mediation is a voluntary, informal process used to solve disputes.
Mediation is a voluntary, optional alternative to a due process hearing.
Mediation is a way for parents to settle child support issues without going to court.
Mediation is a way of helping people resolve conflicts by talking to each other.
Mediation is a way of resolving conflict between two or more people.
Mediation is a way of resolving disputes.
Mediation is a way of trying to reach agreement with the help of a neutral party.
Mediation is a way to get the settlement discussions moving again.
Mediation is a way to negotiate solutions to disputes.
Mediation is a way to resolve disputes by asking a neutral person to intercede.
Mediation is a way to work through a disagreement or conflict between two or more people.
Mediation is a wide and varied area.
Mediation is a workable alternative.
Mediation is about feelings.
Mediation is about the long slow process of developing trust.
Mediation is absolutely critical.
Mediation is accessible to everyone in the community regardless of their ability to pay.
Mediation is affordable, in fact inexpensive compared to using two separate lawyers.
Mediation is aimed at an inexpensive, efficient and speedy settlement of the case.
Mediation is akin to lex mercatoria , a domain that transcends jurisdictional boundaries.
Mediation is all the things listed above.
Mediation is almost always less costly and time consuming than adversarial proceedings.
Mediation is already available in many states.
Mediation is also a protective device for a defense attorney in case of a bad result at trial.
Mediation is also available on parenting issues.
Mediation is also available.
Mediation is also different from counselling or therapy.
Mediation is also fast and economical when contrasted to adversarial process costs.
Mediation is also fast and economical.
Mediation is also generally voluntary and the agreement is only binding if the parties so agree.
Mediation is also less damaging to a continuing relationship when a dispute arises.
Mediation is also more time efficient.
Mediation is also much less costly than protracted litigation or arbitration.
Mediation is also part of a new movement in criminal justice called restorative justice.
Mediation is also part of the course.
Mediation is also relatively cheap.
Mediation is always a potential option for such divisions.
Mediation is always most effective when parties come voluntarily.
Mediation is always non-binding.
Mediation is always the best option for every divorcing couple.
Mediation is always voluntary and confidential.
Mediation is always voluntary and demands the active participation of everyone involved.
Mediation is always voluntary.
Mediation is amazing.
Mediation is an alternate method of resolving the dispute.
Mediation is an alternative approach to the traditional methods of resolving disputes.
Mediation is an alternative chosen instead of or before judicial proceedings.
Mediation is an alternative method of resolving special education disputes.
Mediation is an alternative to a legally imposed form of dispute resolution.
Mediation is an alternative to an investigation.
Mediation is an alternative to litigation via the courts.
Mediation is an alternative to the usually stressful, costly way of resolving disputes.
Mediation is an alternative to trial.
Mediation is an alternative way to resolve disputes without the necessity of a hearing.
Mediation is an avenue for parties in conflict to work together to solve their problems peacefully.
Mediation is an effective adjunct to direct attempts at settlement.
Mediation is an effective alternative to a costly divorce.
Mediation is an effective alternative to fighting, suing, or giving up.
Mediation is an effective alternative to the adversarial system.
Mediation is an effective and preferable alternative to litigation.
Mediation is an effective conflict management process for resolving disagreement in the workplace.
Mediation is an effective, but often misunderstood, problem-solving strategy.
Mediation is an effective, inexpensive, quick, and convenient way to settle disputes.
Mediation is an effective, less costly way to tackle difficult workplace issues.
Mediation is an efficient and cost effective method for the resolution of complex cases.
Mediation is an efficient and economical way to resolve disputes.
Mediation is an efficient way to resolve business disputes privately in a neutral, off-site setting.
Mediation is an efficient way to resolve disputes.
Mediation is an effort to resolve problems without destroying relationships.
Mediation is an entirely voluntary process.
Mediation is an even kinder procedure.
Mediation is an even less formal alternative to litigation.
Mediation is an excellent form of dispute resolution for two people who are equally positioned.
Mediation is an excellent method of resolving disputes in certain situations.
Mediation is an excellent option for many disputes because it is relatively inexpensive and fast.
Mediation is an extension and condensation of real life.
Mediation is an extension of the negotiating process.
Mediation is an extremely effective forum for dispute resolution.
Mediation is an ideal process for the use of such a document.
Mediation is an important resource for the rural mental health professional.
Mediation is an important step in avoiding fruitless and expensive litigation.
Mediation is an increasingly popular alternative to litigation.
Mediation is an inducement for all parties to come to a speedy, fair and amicable resolution.
Mediation is an inexpensive, efficient way to resolve disputes.
Mediation is an informal and flexible process.
Mediation is an informal and private way for people to work through a disagreement.
Mediation is an informal but structured process intended to resolve disputes quickly.
Mediation is an informal proceeding.
Mediation is an informal process and therefore very flexible.
Mediation is an informal process available to willing parties.
Mediation is an informal process that is voluntary and confidential.
Mediation is an informal process where a mediator helps people with a dispute to reach agreement.
Mediation is an informal process where the parties can openly discuss their concerns and needs.
Mediation is an informal process where two parties sit down with an independent third party.
Mediation is an informal process.
Mediation is an informal way to resolve disputes between two parties.
Mediation is an informal way to resolve disputes.
Mediation is an informal, confidential, process.
Mediation is an integral part of the collective bargaining process.
Mediation is an opportunity for employees and management to jointly resolve their disputes.
Mediation is an opportunity to resolve differences in a safe and creative environment.
Mediation is an option during the prescreening phase of a complaint.
Mediation is an option for couples who are seeking a divorce.
Mediation is an option to consider.
Mediation is an optional alternative to a due process hearing.
Mediation is an organized form of negotiation.
Mediation is an underused but valuable alternative to litigation.
Mediation is another avenue to take, rather than pursuing a format complaint.
Mediation is another form of negotiation.
Mediation is another important and successful component to the decrease process.
Mediation is another important component of the new family law legislation.
Mediation is another option from filing a grievance.
Mediation is another option that can be used with or without an arbitration clause.
Mediation is another popular method of settlement.
Mediation is appropriate for almost any type of dispute.
Mediation is appropriate when both parties agree to use the process to resolve their differences.
Mediation is assisted negotiation in divorce cases.
Mediation is assisted-negotiation.
Mediation is at no cost to parents or the school district.
Mediation is available through neighborhood and professional associations.
Mediation is available through neighborhood and professional services.
Mediation is available to assist in resolving disputes at any stage in their development.
Mediation is available to attempt to resolve appropriate complaints.
Mediation is available to parties with an escalated dispute.
Mediation is available, as well as individual and short term family counseling.
Mediation is based on invitation and consent.
Mediation is based on the voluntary cooperation and good faith collaboration of all parties.
Mediation is based on the voluntary cooperation and good faith participation of all parties.
Mediation is basically a negotiation process.
Mediation is both an alternative to enforcement and a positive way to solve difficult problems.
Mediation is both immediately functional and therapeutic.
Mediation is camouflaged.
Mediation is cheap compared to litigation.
Mediation is cheaper and generally faster than litigation.
Mediation is civil and business-like.
Mediation is completely voluntary.
Mediation is concerned with having students master their own thinking processes.
Mediation is conducted by a private dispute resolution company.
Mediation is conducted by a trained staff member and can take various forms.
Mediation is conducted in private.
Mediation is conducted in the spirit of cooperation and mutual respect.
Mediation is conducted under the guidance of a trained professional.
Mediation is confidential - significant benefit to many clients.
Mediation is confidential .
Mediation is confidential and avoids public disclosure of problems.
Mediation is confidential and prevents public exposure of private family matters.
Mediation is confidential and private.
Mediation is confidential and voluntary.
Mediation is confidential, avoiding public disclosure of personal problems.
Mediation is confidential, cost-efficient and effective.
Mediation is confidential, non-confrontational, faster, more informal and flexible than litigation.
Mediation is confidential.
Mediation is consensual.
Mediation is considered an alternative way to resolve disputes and to reduce conflict.
Mediation is cooperative problem-solving.
Mediation is cooperative.
Mediation is cost effective.
Mediation is Cost-Effective .
Mediation is cost-effective and faster than litigation.
Mediation is cost-effective and it is faster.
Mediation is definitely less adversarial than litigation.
Mediation is designed to facilitate a workable solution that benefits both parties.
Mediation is different from counseling, therapy or advocacy.
Mediation is different from other dispute resolution options.
Mediation is different from other forms of dispute resolution.
Mediation is different from the formal staff and faculty grievance processes.
Mediation is different.
Mediation is discretionary.
Mediation is discussed as an alternative to litigation by the speakers.
Mediation is distinguished from adjudication.
Mediation is done for member dentists only.
Mediation is dragged out too long, often for years.
Mediation is effective even when conflict and anger is high, and communication has broken down.
Mediation is effective for sorting through extreme emotions in order to find a rational solution.
Mediation is effective.
Mediation is efficient.
Mediation is emphasized as a more constructive and less expensive option than litigation.
Mediation is empowering.
Mediation is encouraged as a first step in resolution.
Mediation is entirely private and can avoid unwelcome publicity.
Mediation is entirely voluntary.
Mediation is especially helpful in situations where parties have an ongoing relationship.
Mediation is especially helpful where couples have difficulty in communicating with each other.
Mediation is essential.
Mediation is essentially an unstructured approach to dispute resolution.
Mediation is explained and the mediator options are provided.
Mediation is facilitated by a neutral third party.
Mediation is facilitated negotiation.
Mediation is fair, neutral, saves time, and avoids unnecessary litigation.
Mediation is fair.
Mediation is far from a spontaneous process.
Mediation is far less costly than litigation - emotionally as well as financially.
Mediation is far less expensive.
Mediation is fast .
Mediation is fast and can cost a small fraction of litigation.
Mediation is fast and inexpensive.
Mediation is fast, flexible and free.
Mediation is fast, free and non-adversarial.
Mediation is fast.
Mediation is faster than litigation.
Mediation is faster, less stressful, and less expensinve than going to court.
Mediation is faster, less stressful, and less expensive than going to court.
Mediation is final and binding if an agreement is reached.
Mediation is first and foremost good business.
Mediation is first on the list of alternatives to consider.
Mediation is flexible - mediation can be used to discuss creative and individualized solutions.
Mediation is flexible and can work in tandem with lawyers, consultants, or other family members.
Mediation is flexible and confidential.
Mediation is for all middle school students.
Mediation is for parents only.
Mediation is for wimps.
Mediation is forward looking.
Mediation is forward thinking.
Mediation is forward-looking.
Mediation is free and confidential, and no records are kept by the mediator.
Mediation is free and confidential.
Mediation is free and designed to channel confrontation into effective decision making.
Mediation is free and provided by volunteer mediators from the community mediation centers.
Mediation is free for individuals.
Mediation is free or relatively inexpensive.
Mediation is free to the participants.
Mediation is free.
Mediation is frequently appropriate.
Mediation is fundamentally dialogic, at the cultural as well as the individual level.
Mediation is future oriented.
Mediation is generally a private, voluntary dispute resolution process.
Mediation is generally less expensive than litigation.
Mediation is generally less time consuming and less costly than the adversarial process.
Mediation is good for the client, attorney and the judicial system.
Mediation is hard work and is designed to come up with a way children can be with both parents.
Mediation is hard work.
Mediation is held in cases involving children.
Mediation is helpful when parties simply want a dispute to be settled.
Mediation is impartial.
Mediation is in the present rather than proving something in the past.
Mediation is in the works.
Mediation is inexpensive, as being more informal, it takes less time.
Mediation is inexpensive, confidential, and fast.
Mediation is inexpensive.
Mediation is informal and free to all students, faculty and staff members on campus.
Mediation is informal and no rules of evidence apply.
Mediation is informal, dignified, quick, confidential, and much less expensive than litigation.
Mediation is informal, timely, confidential and less costly than litigation.
Mediation is intervention.
Mediation is less confrontational, less stressful and can lead to faster, more acceptable results.
Mediation is less costly, both emotionally and financially, than litigation.
Mediation is less expensive and can preserve ongoing business and professional relationships.
Mediation is less expensive and less time-consuming than going to court.
Mediation is less expensive than going to court.
Mediation is less expensive than litigation.
Mediation is less expensive, more civilized, quicker and kinder than litigation.
Mediation is less formal than arbitration.
Mediation is less formal than either litigation or arbitration.
Mediation is less formal.
Mediation is likely to produce for both sides the best deal that was available at the time.
Mediation is mandatory in Florida and other states, and conducted throughout North America.
Mediation is meant to provide a safe space for two or more people to talk through a conflict.
Mediation is merely an additional alternative process.
Mediation is more effective when it emphasizes needs rather than values or interests.
Mediation is more hassle than hiring a lawyer to handle the divorce.
Mediation is more informal and flexible.
Mediation is more informal and is more of a collaborative process than arbitration.
Mediation is more informal and less adversarial than fact-finding.
Mediation is most appropriate when an ongoing business or personal relationship is involved.
Mediation is most effective when used early in a conflict.
Mediation is much easier to sell.
Mediation is MUCH less costly than the alternative of litigation.
Mediation is much less expensive than litigation.
Mediation is much less likely to succeed in such circumstances.
Mediation is negotiation facilitated by a neutral third party.
Mediation is negotiation
Mediation is negotiation.
Mediation is neither counseling nor therapy.
Mediation is neither medication nor meditation.
Mediation is never an alternative to confession, repentance, restitution or prayer.
Mediation is never binding and if it is unsuccessful, the lawsuit proceeds to trial.
Mediation is never easy.
Mediation is no exception.
Mediation is no longer an option.
Mediation is non-adversarial .
Mediation is nonadversarial.
Mediation is non-adversarial.
Mediation is non-binding.
Mediation is nonjudgmental.
Mediation is non-judgmental.
Mediation is normally a more expeditious form of dispute resolution than arbitration.
Mediation is now more difficult.
Mediation is offered as an alternate form of resolving disputes.
Mediation is offered as an alternative to a lengthy investigation.
Mediation is offered as an alternative to court.
Mediation is offered at no cost to the parties.
Mediation is offered by a number of private and voluntary organisations.
Mediation is offered if preferred by the parties.
Mediation is offered to business owners as an alternative to litigation to resolve disputes.
Mediation is offered to parties at no cost.
Mediation is often available at little or no cost from a publicly funded program.
Mediation is often available at little or no cost from a publicly-funded program.
Mediation is often faster, less stressful, and cheaper than going to court.
Mediation is often helpful in situations where parties have an ongoing relationship.
Mediation is often helpful to families.
Mediation is often less expensive and more likely to succeed than force, the authors suggest.
Mediation is often quicker than court litigation.
Mediation is often successful in bringing the parties to an agreement.
Mediation is often the desired alternative to long and costly legal battles.
Mediation is oftentimes less destructive to relationships than litigation can be.
Mediation is one answer to a societal problem of seeking a timely day in court.
Mediation is one avenue that can be used.
Mediation is one method of dispute resolution.
Mediation is one of a number of dispute resolution options available to parents and schools.
Mediation is one popular and effective alternative method.
Mediation is one practical tool of peacemaking and of educating for a peacemaking lifestyle.
Mediation is one way for people to settle disputes or lawsuits outside of court.
Mediation is only as good as the parties intend it to be.
Mediation is only the starting point.
Mediation is optional.
Mediation is ordered in all cases.
Mediation is our only business.
Mediation is paid for by the hour.
Mediation is part of a governmental of community service.
Mediation is particularly effective for ending workplace disputes.
Mediation is planned before the trial date.
Mediation is Positive and Non-adversarial .
Mediation is possible only if both parties agree.
Mediation is presented as an opportunity to resolve as many issues as possible in the action.
Mediation is private and confidential.
Mediation is private and tailored to people and their circumstances.
Mediation is private, confidential and privileged from process and discovery.
Mediation is private, voluntary, non-binding, and confidential.
Mediation is private.
Mediation is procedural help in negotiating.
Mediation is provided at no cost to the parents or school district.
Mediation is provided by a private dispute resolution company.
Mediation is provided by an independent divorce mediator in private practice.
Mediation is provided by peers qualified by the sate of Virginia in the mediation process.
Mediation is provided by peers qualified by the state of Virginia in the mediation process.
Mediation is provided by peers who are qualified by the state of Virginia in the mediation process.
Mediation is provided by private dispute resolution company.
Mediation is provided for.
Mediation is provided in a private counseling office with a court counselor.
Mediation is provided on a voluntary basis.
Mediation is provided without fee to either the client or the lawyer.
Mediation is purely voluntary.
Mediation is quick and inexpensive compared with litigation.
Mediation is quick.
Mediation is quite unlike Arbitration or Litigation or Adjudication.
Mediation is really excellent because it allows the parties to figure out a so lution.
Mediation is really just a lot of psycho-babble.
Mediation is recommended generally in complex civil cases, and referral is based on party consent.
Mediation is relatively inexpensive.
Mediation is required in some states, and in a number of cities and counties.
Mediation is responsive to urgent needs such as support and custody arrangements.
Mediation is risk-free .
Mediation is safe and is generally non-binding unless the parties specifically agree otherwise.
Mediation is safe and non-binding unless the parties specifically agree otherwise.
Mediation is safe.
Mediation is scheduled before the trial.
Mediation is school yard intervention.
Mediation is separate from any formal disciplinary process, so no one gets in trouble .
Mediation is similar in many respects to negotiation.
Mediation is similar to a settlement conference.
Mediation is simply mediation.
Mediation is simply negotiation assisted by a professional third party neutral.
Mediation is simply negotiation assisted by a third-party neutral.
Mediation is simply one option for resolving the problem.
Mediation is so many things.
Mediation is still in place, but the problem remains.
Mediation is successful if, with the aid of the mediator, the parties reach an agreement.
Mediation is suitable for all civil cases where the parties are committed to reaching settlement.
Mediation is task oriented with a goal of reaching agreement.
Mediation is the best opportunity to settle the case.
Mediation is the distinct professional practice of alternative dispute resolution.
Mediation is the forum of choice for resolution of many types of real estate disputes.
Mediation is the inexpensive alternative to contested procedures.
Mediation is the key term here.
Mediation is the key to preserving and enhancing future business relationships.
Mediation is the more formal of the two processes.
Mediation is the most common technique.
Mediation is the most common.
Mediation is the most effective method in resolving construction disputes and claims.
Mediation is the most familiar form of conflict resolution.
Mediation is the most frequently used alternative to litigation.
Mediation is the most popular and fastest growing form of alternative dispute resolution.
Mediation is the most widely used consensual procedure and is the presumptive procedure of choice.
Mediation is the next likely step.
Mediation is the option of choice most notably used and with great success.
Mediation is the peaceful settlement of a dispute with the aid of a third-party intermediary.
Mediation is the process by which a neutral helps the parties reach a resolution of their dispute.
Mediation is the process of two or more people settling problems without going to court.
Mediation is the process used to help two or more parties come to an agreement.
Mediation is the way to go.
Mediation is thus a consensual and co-operative approach to resolving conflict.
Mediation is tied to the distribution of power in society.
Mediation is tied to the theoretical foundation of conflict resolution program development.
Mediation is time-consuming, and change comes slowly, however.
Mediation is Too Good to Be True.
Mediation is typically a settlement conference without the formalities of court.
Mediation is used a lot now.
Mediation is used in a wide variety of disputes, from civil litigation to school yard disagreements.
Mediation is used throughout the country and in Illinois to resolve differences.
Mediation is used to help the involved parties clarify the facts and understand the disagreements.
Mediation is used to resolve disputes in a wide variety of settings.
Mediation is used to resolve the problem without the owner having to go to court.
Mediation is used with varying results, but often helpful to restore trust.
Mediation is useful when both sides are willing to accept a negotiated agreement.
Mediation is usually less costly than traditional divorce.
Mediation is usually much faster and cheaper than court action.
Mediation is usually much faster and cheaper than either litigation or arbitration.
Mediation is usually quicker and less costly than a due process hearing.
Mediation is usually quicker than traditional divorce.
Mediation is usually voluntary.
Mediation is very inexpensive compared to litigation.
Mediation is very often successful in resolving attorney fee disputes.
Mediation is voluntary and confidential.
Mediation is voluntary and nonbinding.
Mediation is voluntary and requires participation by both the husband and the wife.
Mediation is voluntary at all stages by all parties involved.
Mediation is voluntary for both parents and districts.
Mediation is voluntary for both parents and school districts.
Mediation is voluntary for both the parents and the schools.
Mediation is voluntary for students with conflicts.
Mediation is voluntary on the part of both the parent and school district.
Mediation is voluntary on the part of each party.
Mediation is voluntary on the part of parents, but can often be quite helpful.
Mediation is voluntary, confidential and neutral, and mediators never take sides.
Mediation is voluntary, confidential and non-binding.
Mediation is voluntary, confidential, and informal.
Mediation is voluntary, cost-effective, and confidential.
Mediation is voluntary, free, and completely confidential.
Mediation is voluntary, informal, and confidential.
Mediation is voluntary, nonadjudicatory and nonbinding.
Mediation is voluntary, requiring both parties consent.
Mediation is voluntary, requiring both parties' consent.
Mediation is voluntary.
Mediation is when a neutral party attempts to assist the parties in coming to an agreement.
Mediation is when the student and whoever they are having the conflict with both attend the session.
Mediation is, after all, consensual.
Mediation is, in effect, the voluntary sharing of information in an effort to resolve a matter.
Mediation keeps business and employment relationships intact.
Mediation keeps the children from being embroiled in and the victims of a destructive litigation.
Mediation lacks drama, so it has never been on television.
Mediation leads to workable solutions.
Mediation lets people speak for themselves and make their own decisions.
Mediation lets the parents reach an agreement sooner and keep more of their money.
Mediation lets the parties keep control of the process and of the terms of the divorce.
Mediation makes all the sense in the world.
Mediation makes good business sense.
Mediation makes the divorce take longer.
Mediation means different things to different people.
Mediation minimizes risk.
Mediation negotiates peaceful settlements to alleviate anger, pain and revenge.
Mediation normally involves dealing directly with the other party.
Mediation occurs in an informal, relaxed atmosphere.
Mediation occurs shortly after a statement of defence has been filed.
Mediation occurs through a linking tool or sign.
Mediation occurs through the use of tools or signs of a culture.
Mediation occurs when disputants decide their own process and decision settlement.
Mediation occurs with the two trained mediators and the two disputing students.
Mediation offers a chance for emotional healing.
Mediation offers a civilized alternative.
Mediation offers a cooperative, nonadverarial approach to problem-solving .
Mediation offers a fast and cost effective means of resolving commercial disputes.
Mediation offers a more flexible alternative, for larger as well as smaller cases.
Mediation offers a positive way to settle conflict quickly and informally.
Mediation offers a practical alternative.
Mediation offers a sensible way to end the dispute before it's too late.
Mediation offers a way to bring people together to resolve differences outside the courtroom.
Mediation offers a win-win alternative to address the underlying interests of disputing parties.
Mediation offers an additional option to arbitration which is often employed in labor disputes.
Mediation offers an alternative route to divorce.
Mediation offers an alternative to warring lawyers and court battles.
Mediation offers an attractive alternative to doing nothing or going to court.
Mediation offers an ethics-based alternative for conflict resolution.
Mediation offers many advantages over the traditional divorce process.
Mediation offers more protection for privacy and confidentiality than more public methods.
Mediation offers parents multiple benefits.
Mediation offers participants the opportunity to vent their anger and dissipate that charge.
Mediation offers parties to a dispute an opportunity to feel heard.
Mediation offers several advantages for families.
Mediation offers several advantages over other remedies in resolving disputes.
Mediation offers several benefits to the parties.
Mediation offers the promise of helping people and de-escalating conflicts.
Mediation only covers the issues of custody and visitation.
Mediation opens new channels of communication and helps participants deal with future conflicts.
Mediation opens new opportunities to settle.
Mediation operates in a neutral and supportive environment, thereby reducing stress and anger.
Mediation permits and promotes creative, complete solutions.
Mediation places people in control of their lives.
Mediation presents students with non-violent options for resolving their conflicts.
Mediation presents such an opportunity.
Mediation presupposes that the parties are on equal footing.
Mediation produces a voluntary, win-win solution.
Mediation promotes learning and accepting the differences that exist between people.
Mediation promotes positive communication and cooperation by reducing rancor and tensions.
Mediation provides a confidential and private setting to address and attempt to resolve conflicts.
Mediation provides a friendlier atmosphere so people can resolve their own problems.
Mediation provides a good vehicle for working through differences in a respectful manner.
Mediation provides a less costly, private, and better long-term alternative to legal action.
Mediation provides a safe environment for people to talk through their issues and feelings.
Mediation provides a victim rights intervention that humanizes the criminal justice system.
Mediation provides advantages to other forms of alternative dispute resolution methods.
Mediation provides an alternative available to the court system for solutions.
Mediation provides an alternative to formal appeals and court battles.
Mediation provides an alternative to the judicial system.
Mediation provides an alternative to the traditional litigation system in resolving disputes.
Mediation provides an alternative to the win-lose approach of the adversarial legal system.
Mediation provides an informal, effective way for parents and schools to resolve their differences.
Mediation provides an opportunity to see and understand the other person's perceptions.
Mediation provides disputants with a less costly and time - limited intervention.
Mediation provides fair and equal participation of all parties involved.
Mediation provides for informal communication in a relaxed atmosphere.
Mediation provides prompt resolution.
Mediation provides schools with an alternative to traditional disciplinary practices.
Mediation provides students with the tools to improve communications among themselves.
Mediation provides the necessary legal and tax information.
Mediation provides the tools for resolving conflict redemptively.
Mediation provides two layers of confidentiality.
Mediation really is an art, and a fine art at that.
Mediation records to be classified and access restricted.
Mediation reduces bitterness.
Mediation reduces the anger, pain and confusion which accompanies conflicts.
Mediation reduces the court involvement and avoids the adversarial process.
Mediation reduces the distractions and loss of productivity caused by a protracted dispute.
Mediation refers to mediations of subcontract cases and corrections of international contracts.
Mediation relies on brainstorming and creating alternatives to resolve a particular dispute.
Mediation relies on people restraining their competitive and acquisitive impulses.
Mediation replaces the adversarial system with a problem solving approach to deciding who gets what.
Mediation requires communication and negotiation between disputing parties.
Mediation requires domain expertise, and mediators are hence domain-specific.
Mediation requires minimal preparation and saves time and money.
Mediation requires mutual consent of both parties.
Mediation requires negotiation between equals.
Mediation requires patience.
Mediation requires that all participants feel empowered to have input into the process.
Mediation requires that each party treat the other with respect.
Mediation requires that parties treat each other with respect.
Mediation requires the physical presence of all parties at all meetings.
Mediation requires the trust and confidence of both sides.
Mediation requires the use of a mediator.
Mediation resolves disputes fast , usually within a day.
Mediation resolves disputes more quickly, allowing the participants to get on with their lives.
Mediation resolves lawsuits, conserves valuable time and saves money.
Mediation resolves or seeks to resolve differences by working with all conflicting parties.
Mediation resolves the dispute immediately without deciding the merits of the case.
Mediation results in an improved relationship at substantially lower costs for less time.
Mediation saves both time and money.
Mediation saves money.
Mediation saves time and money for families and schools.
Mediation saves time and money, and it s a fast and fair way to resolve grievances.
Mediation saves time, money and helps open the lines of communication.
Mediation seeks to find an equitable solution.
Mediation sees restitution as a means to furthering the justice process.
Mediation serves as an attempt to resolve the problem rather than going into a formal hearing.
Mediation serves to minimize the adverse effects of divorce on families.
Mediation settles disputes privately and confidentially, out of the public eye.
Mediation settles disputes privately and confidentially.
Mediation settles many claims.
Mediation settles many disputes.
Mediation settles what people expect to do in the future.
Mediation simply changes the role of lawyers from adversarial negotiators to legal consultants.
Mediation skills for better family life.
Mediation solves the problem and helps the parties maintain their relationship.
Mediation spares one the expense, confusion, and anxiety of a court trial.
Mediation stresses separating parties and positions, and focusing on the parties' interests.
Mediation strives to help parties find solutions in which everyone wins.
Mediation strives to remove power differences among disputants.
Mediation strives to treat both parities in an equitable and fair manner.
Mediation strives to work out conflicts peacefully to create a win-win situation for both parties.
Mediation supports an on-going process of emotional healing and disentanglement.
Mediation takes a serious commitment by the parties to settle their differences.
Mediation takes into account the unique needs and circumstances of the couple and their children.
Mediation takes place around a table in a private office.
Mediation takes place in a private and confidential setting.
Mediation takes place outside of the slow and crowded court system.
Mediation teaches a new model for communication that helps avoid future disputes.
Mediation tends to expedite the process of finding common ground among the interested parties.
Mediation thus challenges the methods and assumptions of the adversarial divorce process.
Mediation transforms the way people perceive each other and their aims.
Mediation tries to reach a win-win result for everyone.
Mediation typically arises in one of two contexts in U.S. litigation.
Mediation typically begins with a joint session in which each party makes an opening statement.
Mediation typically involves one or more meetings between the disputing parties and the mediator.
Mediation uses a neutral intermediary to help parties come to mutually agreeable settlements.
Mediation using recognized principles of conflict resolution is always preferable to litigation.
Mediation utilizes a neutral person to help disagreeing parties talk and listen to each other.
Mediation varies in length, but often is completed in four to six two-hour sessions.
Mediation works because it adds a new dimension to the negotiations.
Mediation works because it is civil, respectful, fair and confidential.
Mediation works because there is give and take by both parties.
Mediation works best when both paries practice good communication skills.
Mediation works best when the parties have a clear and rational perception of the issues.
Mediation works better than arguing and complaining.
Mediation works for many reasons.
Mediation works if the parties to the dispute really want to resolve it.
Mediation works in a variety of situations.
Mediation works in situations where people are willing to come together to find workable solutions.
Mediation Works is a nonprofit group that promotes conflict resolution education.
Mediation works regardless of a company's written policy.
Mediation works successfully for many divorcing families.
Mediation works to address the needs of the parties and any children.
Mediation works to create an atmosphere of cooperation and collaboration.
Mediation works well for large multi-party disputes and can deliver binding outcomes.
Mediation works when it creates an environment in which parties can settle their case.
Mediations are at no cost to faculty or staff members and are conducted at our off-campus office.
Mediations are at no, or a reduced, charge.
Mediations are available statewide at locations which are mutually agreeable to the parties.
Mediations are completely confidential.
Mediations are confidential settlement negotiations.
Mediations are confidential.
Mediations are private.
Mediations are relatively informal.
Mediations are to be done only in the mediation room.
Mediations are to be used in two ways.
Mediations can take place for any variety of reasons from roommate conflicts to relationship issues.
Mediations generally have several things going on at once.
Mediations typically last between forty-five and ninety minutes.
Mediation frequently requires some fact-finding.
Mediation often is cheaper and quicker than taking a case before a judge.
Mediation often leads to resolutions that are tailored to the needs of all parties.
Mediation often results in agreements that improve the parties' work experience.
Mediation often saves thousands of dollars and in many cases tens of thousands of dollars.
Mediation often works best for a plaintiff just after the summary judgment motion has been denied.
Mediation often works best if both sides have something to gain or lose if it fails.
Mediation often yields untenable ground given the seriousness of many environmental problems.
Mediations sometimes end with collaborative, forward-looking, mutually beneficial agreements.
Mediation usually involves just one session, about two hours in length.
Mediation usually leads to a quicker solution.
Mediation usually occurs within a week of the intake, unless parties request otherwise.
Mediation usually paves the way for future negotiations.
Mediation usually produces a settlement after five to ten hours of mediation over a week or two.
Mediation usually resolves disputes faster and cheaper than going to court.
Mediation usually starts with a joint session attended by both parties.
Mediation usually takes the form of a meeting between the parties at a neutral venue.
All mediation is carried out in a contractually confidential setting.
All mediation is performed with complete confidentiality, using experts who participate online.
All mediations are confidential.
All mediations are voluntary and confidential.
All mediations engage humanity in a structural coupling which changes both.
All mediations take place in a non-threatening atmosphere.
Many mediations begin with a joint session attended by all parties, their counsel and the mediator.
Many mediations fail due to lack of good faith.
Most mediations begin with the mediator briefly explaining the mediation process.
Most mediations result in better communication between the school and parents.
Some mediation do's and don'ts.
Some mediation is the solution.
A mediator is a communicator
Mediator asks each disputant what they can agree to do to solve the problem.
Mediator builds trust.
Mediator contacts both parties.
Mediator contacts each party and a mediation session is scheduled.
Mediator contacts parties to set mediation date.
Mediator facilitates minimal participation by disputants.
Mediator has a strong tradition of choral and instrumental music.
Mediator has disputants following the rules but frequently off task.
Mediator has parts of the the slide show but unable to create.
Mediator has preliminary telephone interviews with each side of the dispute.
Mediator has senders and receivers reference each other indirectly.
Mediator helps the parties define and understand the issues and each side's interests.
Mediator investigates claims made in complaint, interviewing the parties and witnesses.
Mediator is a behavioral pattern.
Mediator is a person or persons who conduct mediation.
Mediator is kind of like a special type of Observer.
Mediator is ready to settle.
Mediator is similar to Facade in that it abstracts functionality of existing classes.
Mediator is the individual selected to conduct a mediation conference.
Mediator means an impartial individual, of any profession or background, who conducts a mediation.
Mediator restates the feelings of each disputant.
Mediator returns to the journey and locates the past.
Mediator serves special green chili enchilada casserole for lunch.
Mediator sets the tone for the entire session.
Mediator takes control of situation and keeps disputants on task.
Mediators act as facilitators of communication in a problem solving process.
Mediators act as neutral facilitators.
Mediators affect thousands of people each year.
Mediators also bring to the table the point of view of a disinterested party.
Mediators also don t have to apply complex rules of evidence when listening to a case.
Mediators also feel uncomfortable with activists' positions of righteousness.
Mediators also help consumers and merchants settle conflicts that arise in the marketplace.
Mediators also help develop options to move towards agreements that are acceptable to both sides.
Mediators are a speculative and less explored technique than either bridges or wrappers.
Mediators are available to both employers and employees.
Mediators are available to help with settlement discussions.
Mediators are available to meet with faculty, staff and students outside of the normal worksite.
Mediators are domain-specialized so that their maintenance can be focused.
Mediators are experts in helping people discuss problems constructively.
Mediators are lawyers.
Mediators are men and women with family law or family and relationship counselling experience.
Mediators are negotiators and facilitators.
Mediators are negotiators.
Mediators are neither counselors nor therapists.
Mediators are neutral and have no investment in the outcome of the mediation.
Mediators are neutral facilitators of communication and negotiation.
Mediators are neutral third parties who have no interest in the outcome.
Mediators are neutral, attorneys are advocates.
Mediators are neutral.
Mediators are no longer neutral nor removed from what the participants want to accomplish.
Mediators are nonadjudicative problem solvers.
Mediators are non-judgmental.
Mediators are on duty each day, during the lunch period.
Mediators are part of the school's leadership team.
Mediators are peacemakers.
Mediators are people from the community who are trained to resolve disputes.
Mediators are professionally trained college life staff and students.
Mediators are professionally trained volunteers and program staff.
Mediators are professionals and most have years of experience in mediating disputes.
Mediators are responsible for conducting the mediation hearing.
Mediators are sensitive to Jewish family concerns.
Mediators are sensitive to that.
Mediators are students in grades four, five and six.
Mediators are students who guide fellow students to reach solutions to their problems.
Mediators are the catalysts for the talks.
Mediators are the neutral third party.
Mediators are there only to guide the process and help the disputants reach their own solution.
Mediators are trained neutral facilitators who help the parties in conflict to work together.
Mediators are trained professionals.
Mediators are trained state employees.
Mediators are unassuming, armed only with the ability to respect all parties involved.
Mediators are usually highly skilled, and highly trained in the process of mediation.
Mediators are usually lawyers or family counselors.
Mediators are volunteers from support staff and administration. .
Mediators are volunteers trained in problem-solving and conflict resolution skills.
Mediators are volunteers trained through Michigan's network of community dispute resolution centers.
Mediators are volunteers who are trained to guide disputing parties through a process.
Mediators are volunteers, and sometimes are also lawyers.
Mediators assist both parties in negotiating and solving their own problems.
Mediators assist disputants to come up with their own solutions to their conflict.
Mediators assist disputing students to find resolution using a prescribed problem-solving process.
Mediators assist in resolving issues concerning evictions.
Mediators assist people to collaborate in spite of their history.
Mediators assist persons involved in disputes to reach agreements that work for everyone.
Mediators attempt to move divorce from the adversarial legal arena.
Mediators become part of a community of mediators, receiving on-going education and support.
Mediators can also help the parties to determine just how much discovery is needed.
Mediators can answer questions about the court process.
Mediators can be active or retired faculty, administrators or staff members.
Mediators can come from many disciplines.
Mediators can facilitate having parties represented in the mediation by advocates.
Mediators can find the submissions to be very helpful.
Mediators can have legal expertise or be non-lawyers with other areas of expertise.
Mediators can help both sides communicate more clearly and openly.
Mediators can help people clarify their expectations and reach agreement on a disputed issue.
Mediators can help prepare simple, non-legally binding written agreements.
Mediators can help with that, too.
Mediators can mediate more effectively.
Mediators can provide a critical service to both trustees and beneficiaries.
Mediators can provide legal information through available publications.
Mediators can tailor an approach for the particular case and for the range of concerns presented.
Mediators can take the time to help parties develop a lasting settlement to their dispute.
Mediators can then help parties prepare papers to file with courts.
Mediators charge by the hour.
Mediators check incoming requests and outgoing results as well with the help of rules.
Mediators come from all backgrounds and disciplines.
Mediators come in all kinds.
Mediators commit one year to the program, beyond their apprenticeship.
Mediators commonly meet separately with each of the parties to a dispute.
Mediators conduct mediation.
Mediators create a safe haven by being neutral, by working for everyone.
Mediators create virtual entities from information that is distributed across multiple sources.
Mediators do assume some risk of violence in community mediation.
Mediators do many things.
Mediators employ seven basic skills.
Mediators encourage both parties to tell their stories and to listen to each other.
Mediators encourage talking and listening, to see if an agreement is possible.
Mediators exhibit properties of both bridges and wrappers.
Mediators explain how external physical events take on internal psychological significance.
Mediators facilitate communication between people in conflict.
Mediators focus on the bottom line.
Mediators function as neutral facilitators of the process.
Mediators fuse information from multiple heterogeneous information sources.
Mediators gain valuable skills, as well as experience in conflict resolution.
Mediators generally charge an hourly rate with the couple deciding how to share payment.
Mediators generateed during mast cell activation are derived in three ways.
Mediators grow fat on the profits of intercepted signals.
Mediators have a duty to improve the practice of mediation.
Mediators have a duty to remain impartial throughout the course of the mediation process.
Mediators have an ethical responsibility to maintain confidentiality.
Mediators have an obligation to state unequivocally what a party can expect from mediation.
Mediators have differing backgrounds and experience.
Mediators have duties to the parties, to their profession, and to themselves.
Mediators have experience in separating the issues from the personalities of group members.
Mediators have extensive experience in conflict resolution and mediation.
Mediators have no law enforcement authority and rely wholly on persuasive techniques.
Mediators have offices around the country.
Mediators have the duty to improve the practice of mediation.
Mediators have to leave their own biases and prejudices at the door.
Mediators have to take seriously the significance which the parties attach to their positions.
Mediators have very different levels of scientific background and mediation experience.
Mediators help focus attention on specific problems or issues.
Mediators help individuals discuss and solve their own problems.
Mediators help kids move beyond conflict and get on with recess, with lunch, with life.
Mediators help parties clarify information and develop their own solutions to the problem.
Mediators help parties improve communication.
Mediators help parties maintain control over the negotiation that takes place.
Mediators help parties reach their own agreements.
Mediators help people agree to settle disputes on their own terms.
Mediators help people communicate more clearly, sort out misunderstandings and settle differences.
Mediators help people resolve disputes without going to court.
Mediators help people resolve disputes without litigation.
Mediators help people work out their own agreement.
Mediators help the parties analyze the issues.
Mediators help the parties in conflict identify ways to solve the conflict.
Mediators help to create options that are specific to the needs of the family.
Mediators help to design, establish and maintain joint committees.
Mediators help to resolve disputes without involving teachers or parents.
Mediators hold every mediation in strict confidence.
Mediators infuse safety, creativity and flexibility.
Mediators keep their notes strictly confidential.
Mediators know the value of asynchrony.
Mediators listen to each side separately and facilitate the examination of alternative solutions.
Mediators maintain a neutral role.
Mediators make a concerted effort to maintain neutrality throughout the process.
Mediators make the smooth muscles contract suddenly.
Mediators negotiate with all parties involved to find solutions as quickly as possible.
Mediators never make decisions.
Mediators offer people a chance to be heard.
Mediators permit venting and get people to address the real issues.
Mediators prefer to work in teams.
Mediators press for contributions from all involved in the dispute.
Mediators provide a neutral, informal setting.
Mediators provide intermediary services, linking data resources and application programs.
Mediators provide the process for the parties to make their own decisions.
Mediators provide their services without monetary compensation.
Mediators range from a broad facilitative style to a narrow evaluative style.
Mediators receive a fee from the parties for their services.
Mediators receive no compensation.
Mediators recognize when they are being had.
Mediators remain neutral throughout the process and make no decisions for the parties.
Mediators remain neutral.
Mediators resolve conflicts so that data from multiple information sources can be integrated.
Mediators say the first step in resolving a dispute is giving participants the tools for dialogue.
Mediators see each party privately, while the other party has time to think about their options.
Mediators see the dispute through the eyes of both persons.
Mediators seek to be impartial, but intervenors impact upon the intervention in a very definite way.
Mediators serve as neutral facilitators and keep things confidential.
Mediators serve as neutral third party facilitators in the mediation process.
Mediators serve as one member of a mediation panel.
Mediators serve to bring the parties to a compromised settlement on their own.
Mediators serve without compensation and receive credit for pro bono service.
Mediators serve without compensation.
Mediators serve without pay.
Mediators show people how to work together.
Mediators speak many languages.
Mediators summarize the problem and ask both if that is correct.
Mediators support multiple applications of feedback.
Mediators tend to look only at the one who is speaking.
Mediators try to create an informal atmosphere where the parties can directly negotiate the issues.
Mediators try to deal in the world of interests rather than positions.
Mediators try to get the parties to consider interests rather than positions.
Mediators understand that a model with that goal is unrealistic and almost always doomed to fail.
Mediators understand the sensitivity of negotiations.
Mediators use a prescribed problem-solving process to help disputants find their own solutions.
Mediators use a variety of processes.
Mediators use two skills to help people communicate.
Mediators utilize techniques to guide joint problem solving and issue clarification.
Mediators vary widely on their fees.
Mediators welcome second meetings or follow-ups if such are deemed necessary by the participants.
Mediators work on how to make our school better and reduce problems.
Mediators work to strengthen relationships so that future conflicts can be prevented or minimized.
Mediators work using trained methods of keen observation, suggestion and recommendation.
Mediators working with unrepresented parties present perhaps the most difficult situation.
Mediators write up an agreement and give a copy to each party as a record of what was agreed.
Mediators frequently are attorneys or mental health care professionals.
Mediators often apply a no interruption policy during meetings to insure equal representation.
Mediators often confront moral dilemmas in their work.
Mediators often handle community and business disputes as well as divorce.
Mediators Sometimes Do More Damage Than Good.
Mediators usually charge by the hour.
Mediators usually charge hourly fees which are shared by the parties.
All mediators are attorneys who have also been trained in counseling.
All mediators are data model specific.
All mediators are fair and impartial.
All mediators are improvisers.
All mediators have facilities where medations can be held.
All mediators have personal and professional values which shape their attitudes and conduct.
All mediators receive extensive training.
Many mediators are actually lawyers.
Many mediators are also attorneys and have a firm understanding of divorce laws.
Many mediators are attorneys with special training in divorce mediation.
Many mediators are unaware of the resolution cycle.
Many mediators believe is setting a post settlement meeting.
Many mediators do so as a part-time supplement to their law practice.
Many mediators do travel to surrounding counties.
Many mediators excel in dealing with intense emotional conflict situations.
Many mediators use hypnosis and can slip from one state to another quite easily.
Many mediators volunteer their time to mediate cases for indigent parents.
Most mediators are either mental health professionals or attorneys.
Most mediators are either therapists or lawyers.
Most mediators charge an hourly rate for their services.
Most mediators charge based on the number of parties.
Most mediators charge by the hour.
Most mediators describe the bounds of confidentiality in a mediation agreement.
Most mediators destroy their notes after the process is completed.
Most mediators meet with parties in a combination of joint and separate meetings.
Most mediators offer an introductory session at a modest cost.
Most mediators require payment at each session.
Most mediators understand and embrace their roles as credible neutrals.
Some mediators are also attorneys.
Some mediators are more evaluative than others.
Some mediators conduct testing en route to the agreement.
Some mediators have participants pay as they go.
Some mediators offer evaluations of the case, but no dispositive decisions are given.
Some mediators propose settlement terms and attempt to persuade parties to make concessions.
Some mediators receive formal classroom-style training.
Some mediators request an initial retainer and most expect payment at each mediation session.
Some mediators use a co-mediation model in which two mediators work together to assist the parties.
Some mediators use an evaluative approach and some use a facilitative approach.
Some mediators use several different approaches in different situations.
Some mediators work for profit, and others operate as non-profit agencies.
Medibed products help control dust mites.
Medic crews are on standby to help racers out of wrecks.
Medic dashboard shows statistics about downstream and upstream rates.
Medic membership is available in exchange for donating blood.
Medic unit gets a new voice.
A medic is a herb
Medics Add to cart Single Downloads City living at warp speed.
Medics also work various sporting events on and off campus.
Medics are a controllable variable - and one that adds flavor for free.
Medics are also responsible for checking each person's first aid gear.
Medics are annual species of Medicago which are closely related to alfalfa.
Medics are as close to the actors as the set permits.
Medics are fast enough to preach a little death before heading to the flag room.
Medics are herbs.
Medics are located in battlefields.
Medics are located in war zones.
Medics are weak, but are a big plus to every army.
Medics begin tending to the wounded and the dead.
Medics can also provide instant recovery as far as health is concerned.
Medics can also see other players' health levels.
Medics can heal team members and poison the enemies.
Medics can help their teammates get better after they get shot .
Medics can help their teammates get better after they get shot.
Medics clearly have a place in the farming systems of the Northern Great Plains of North America.
Medics examine prisoners for everything from wounds to diseases.
Medics fly again .
Medics give health, engineers give armor.
Medics have quality potential similar to alfalfa which is influenced by the stage of maturity.
Medics keep busy attending to fainting spells in crowd.
Medics now use medikit to infect and heal other players.
Medics provide care to an ethnic Albanian guerrilla who was shot by U.S. soldiers.
Medics respond to calls in response sedans with all necessary medical supplies and equipment.
Medics secure the stretchers and IVs.
Medics suffer continuously as well as police officer.
Medicaid business brings thousands of customers into hundreds of Arkansas pharmacies.
Medicaid funding is the state's obligation.
Medicaid patients are humans.
Medicaid patients are limited to the approved number of hours.
Medicaid patients are more interested in transportation issues than private pay patients.
Medicaid patients are welcome.
Medicaid patients depend on the government to determine the type of care received.
Medicaid spending is out of control.
Medical abbreviations is a database that is great for understanding confusing medical jargon.
Medical abortion ends a pregnancy using medications rather than surgery.
Medical abortion involves two or three office visits, testing, and exams.
Medical abortion is a method for ending a woman's pregnancy without surgery.
Medical abortion is a new option.
Medical abortion is a process rather than an event.
Medical abortion is a process where a woman takes Mifepristone in conjunction with misoprostle.
Medical abortion is a revolutionary technique.
Medical abortion is a way to end pregnancy without surgery.
Medical abortion is achieved by using a series of drugs taken sequentially.
Medical abortion is legal.
Medical abortion is synonymous with non-surgical abortion.
Medical abortion is totally non-invasive, meaning there's no surgery.
Medical abortion refers to abortion resulting from oral medication.
Medical abortion requires the woman to swallow abortifacient tablets at a visit to the doctor.
Medical abortion takes longer for pregnancy termination to occur than surgical abortion.
Medical abortion terminates pregnancy with medication instead of surgery.
Medical abortions allow women to undergo the abortion process in the privacy of their own homes.
Medical abortions can take place outside a doctor's office at any hour.
Medical abortions require three doctors' visits, driving up the cost.
Medical abstracts are also available.
Medical acupuncture is a medical specialty practice.
Medical acupuncture is a very limited paradigm.
Medical acupuncture is an increasingly popular area for study by modern physicians.
Medical acupuncture needs to promote eager young researchers.
Medical administrators are inclined to agree.
Medical admissions are unbelievable.
Medical advances allow seniors to live longer.
Medical advances are another part of the gerontocracy equation.
Medical advances are often the result of fruitful collaboration.
Medical advances bring ethical dilemmas, and the poor still suffer injustice.
Medical advances continue to identify genetically linked conditions.
Medical advances depend upon the free and open exchange of information.
Medical advances give life but present challenges.
Medical advances raise troubling questions.
Medical advances save lives.
Many medical advances build on the knowledge and technology of other scientific disciplines.
Medical advancements are also a hallmark of our heritage.
Medical advice is a godd idea.
Medical advice is essential to find out which drugs are currently effective.
Medical advice is important.
Medical advice is neither give nor inferred.
Medical advice is neither implied nor intended.
Medical advice is neither implied or intended.
Medical advice needs to be obtained from a licensed health practitioner.
Medical advice takes medical information, and applies that information to one specific person.
All medical advice is based on information developed by a physician.
Any medical advice given here is strictly an opinion of the author of the post.
Many medical agents are under investigation, but none have been proven absolutely effective.
Medical aid continues, but, in general, food aid is no longer needed.
Medical aid is a treatment
Medical aid is free at state-financed and municipal health care institutions.
Medical aides are always on call and evacuation is available.
Medical air is now available on demand in unlimited quantities.
Medical algorithms model a purely absorptive object with a background light source.
Medical analogies abound.
Medical anthropologists are interested in the relationship between biology, disease, and culture.
Medical anthropology helps determine priorities for cultures.
Medical anthropology is perceived in many ways.
Medical anthropology is the study of how humans face illness and disease within their cultures.
Medical applications are part of the company's customer and candidate base.
Medical applications step beyond trying to find new drugs on the basis of genomic data.
Many medical applications call for solutions to various discrete algorithmic problems.
Medical appointments are a priority.
Medical appointments are major destinations of blind and severely visually impaired clients.
Medical appointments come first.
Medical appointments have priority.
Medical appointments take priority.
Medical approach needs collaboration with social and political approach.
Medical approaches can assist people who gamble for a lift from medical and emotional stressors.
Medical arguments provide a strong case against abortion and for life.
Medical articles are a special category.
Medical articles can be extremely informative, but also extremely scientific.
Medical assessment is part of a comprehensive program.
Medical assessment is part of the comprehensive program.
Medical assessments are part of the problem.
Medical assessments are valid for one year.
Medical assistance covers audiology services and related services.
Medical assistance is aimed at long-term improvement in the health of impoverished populations.
Medical assistance is also available.
Medical assistance is available during all sessions.
Medical assistance is available for acute health problems.
Medical assistance is available if required.
Medical assistance is dispatched immediately, if required.
Medical assistance is literally just a few feet away.
Medical assistance is offered every morning.
Medical assistance is optional.
Medical assistance is provided in all the Italian camps.
Medical assistance is unavailable.
A medical assistant is a caregiver
Medical assistants are a vital part of the medical team.
Medical assistants are health professionals.
Medical assistants are located in doctors.
Medical assistants are multi-skilled and are competent in both front and back office procedures.
Medical assistants are multi-skilled professionals who assist in patient care management.
Medical assistants are the primary liaison between doctor and patient.
Medical assistants are trained in both clinical and administrative work.
Medical assistants attend the physician while a patient is examined.
Medical assistants can perform only a limited number of basic medical duties.
Medical assistants do tasks.
Medical assistants gather information.
Medical assistants have duties.
Medical assistants help with first aid, collect and process specimens, and perform ordered tests.
Medical assistants known as Ophthalmic medical assistants help ophthalmologists to care for eyes.
Medical assistants learn duties.
Medical assistants learn early on that working for a solo practice is a goal to aspire to.
Medical assistants perform a variety of administrative duties.
Medical assistants perform clinical, laboratory, and administrative duties.
Medical assistants perform many administrative duties.
Medical assistants perform many clerical duties.
Medical assistants perform necessary tasks.
Medical assistants perform tasks.
Medical assistants provide patients.
Medical assistants work at doctors offices and hospitals.
Medical assistants work in a variety of health care settings.
Medical assistants work in a well-lighted, clean environment.
Medical assistants work in well-lighted, clean environments.
Medical assistants work inside in a clean, well-lighted environment.
Medical assistants work primarily in medical clinics or physician offices.
Medical assistants work to make life easier for both physicians and patients.
Medical assistants work with patients in physician's offices and in large clinics.
Many medical assistants work part-time.
Most medical assistants do tasks.
Most medical assistants gather information.
Most medical assistants have duties.
Most medical assistants learn duties.
Most medical assistants perform necessary tasks.
Most medical assistants perform tasks.
Most medical assistants provide patients.
Most medical assistants work full time.
Most medical assistants work in physician offices.
Some medical assistants are similar in some ways to a nurse .
Some medical assistants are similar in some ways to a nurse.
Some medical assistants have education.
Some medical assistants know techniques.
Some medical assistants specialize.
Medical astrology is a blending of science and religion.
Medical astrology recognizes that one's personality influences one s health.
Medical astrology requires a different approach to counseling than natal astrology.
Medical astrology requires a unique combination of both healer and astrologer.
Medical attention appears to be in order as does post-accident drug testing.
Medical attention helps symptoms.
Medical attention is almost non-existent .
Medical attention is also useful if the woman wants to report the assault to the police.
Medical attention is available along the course.
Medical attention is available at each meeting.
Medical attention is available to all inmates.
Medical attention is available.
Medical attention is concentrated on infections in the genital area.
Medical attention is critical.
Medical attention is extremely important.
Medical attention is good.
Medical attention is important even if there are no injuries.
Medical attention is important.
Medical attention is necessary if an infection sets in.
Medical attention is necessary if symptoms persist.
Medical attention is necessary to treat heat exhaustion.
Medical attention is necessary when an infection occurs.
Medical attention is needed immediately for frostbite.
Medical attention is needed immediately.
Medical attention is needed to help a person experiencing withdrawal symptoms.
Medical attention is needed to treat the infection.
Medical attention is needed.
Medical attention is provided to a limited extent after assessing real needs.
Medical attention is required for abnormal behaviors in either or both areas.
Medical attention is required for all cases of eye contamination.
Medical attention is required to be certain that all fetal tissue has passed out of the body.
Medical attention is usually available quite quickly in most situations.
Medical attention is very important to someone who has been raped.
Medical attention is warranted if someone is attacked by a swarm of bees.
Medical attention needs to be sought as soon as overdose symptoms become apparent.
Medical attention provided in the prisons is said to be insufficient.
All medical attention is supervised by a doctor.
Most medical attention helps symptoms.
Medical audit encompasses two parts - clinical and administrative.
Medical authorities agree on the benefits of breastfeeding forboth mothers and babies.
Medical authorities agree that cellulite is simply ordinary fatty tissue.
Medical authorities recognize completely that efficiency and stamina depend on proper food.
Medical authorities recommend an annual pelvic examination for the woman who is at average risk.
Medical authorities recommend avoiding excessive exposure to the sun.
Medical authorities recommend losing no more than two pounds per week.
Medical authorities recommend that any wounds be washed immediately with soap and water.
Medical authorities report suspicious injury or neglect.
Medical authorities warn of possible ill consequences to children undergoing the therapy.
Medical authority dictates patient's disposition.
Many medical authorities believe that diseases begin in colon.
Many medical authorities classify arthritis as the nation's number one crippling disease.
Many medical authorities state that kohl is useful for the nourishment of eyes and eyelashes.
Most medical authorities agree on a few basic rules.
Most medical authorities think that it is a variant of rheumatoid arthritis.
Some medical authorities question whether heat cramps are associated with salt loss.
Medical background is beneficial.
Medical baseline is required.
Medical benefits accrue only to small number of users.
Medical benefits are also to be paid.
Medical benefits are available to domestic partners.
Medical benefits are effective from the first day of employment.
Medical benefits are payable for as long as treatment is reasonable and necessary.
Medical benefits are payable from the first day of injury.
Medical benefits are payable regardless of whether the employee has lost time from the job.
Medical benefits are the same for dependents as for the insured worker.
Medical benefits are very important today in the region's tight labor market.
Medical benefits begin the first day of the month following date of hire.
Medical benefits cease upon remarriage and can never be reinstated.
Medical benefits continue to be a topic of major concern for retirees.
Medical benefits cover surgery, outpatient x-rays and lab tests, and doctor's office visits.
Medical benefits have no lifetime maximum.
Medical benefits pay only for the treatment of work-related injuries and illnesses.
Any medical benefits are secondary to the relaxation process.
A medical bill is a bill
Medical bills are bills.
Medical bills are costly and being a foreigner can cause a delay in getting treatment.
Medical bills are fully recoverable, as well as is the loss of earning capacity.
Medical bills are payable only if itemized and prescribed reports are made.
Medical bills are photocopies of originals.
Medical bills are the number one cause of personal bankruptcy filings.
Medical bills are the responsibility of the participant's parent or guardian.
Medical bills can be very expensive in the United States.
Medical bills consume an ever-larger chunk of their money.
Medical bills contain alterations or additions.
Medical bills list duplicate procedures or unbundled procedures to maximize payment.
Medical bills show consecutive days of treatment.
Medical bills show treatment on days immediately prior to policy termination date.
Medical bills submitted are photocopies of originals.
All medical bills are the student's responsibility.
Most medical bills are dischargeable, as are bills for service providers.
Medical billing is complicated and arcane.
Medical billing is our specialty.
Medical billing is probably the most complicated financial transaction most people deal with.
Most medical billing is done either by physicians' staffs or large, established firms.
Medical boards are much too forgiving.
Medical boards attempt to evaluate and punish such behavior.
Medical boards lack uniformity in providing guidance for physicians on chaperone use.
Medical books are a sought after resource.
Medical books are also a good source of information about facial movements.
Medical books can be expensive.
Medical books describe human brain without mathematics or they use only a few very simple equations.
Medical breakthroughs depend on advances in the physical sciences and engineering.
Medical breakthroughs depend on research.
Medical breakthroughs provide hope.
Medical bureaucracy equals riveting drama.
Medical calls are a top priority.
Some medical calls are as simple as a sprained ankle and others are life and death situations.
Medical cancellations require a signed physician s statement.
Medical candidacy is an important criterion.
Medical cannabis is legal in many areas of the world.
Medical cannabis is legal in many parts of the world today.
Medical cannabis is one such solution.
Medical care can also help.
Medical care can be costly and leads to an average of five missed weeks of work.
Medical care can be expensive.
Medical care can include a medical examination and treatment of any physical injuries.
Medical care can no longer decrease mortality as easily.
Medical care can only delay death.
Medical care can uncover and help treat the underlying problem.
Medical care can uncover and treat the underlying problem.
Medical care consists of a one-hour doctor's visit twice a week.
Medical care consists of evaluation, diagnosis, treatment and education relative to health.
Medical care consists of pain relief until veterinary care can be obtained for diagnosis.
Medical care continues to remain a problem sector.
Medical care costs money and medical crises can be avoided by preventive means.
Medical care depends on the clinical picture.
Medical care depends on the type and degree of seriousness of the illness.
Medical care differs from province to province.
Medical care equals good physicians.
Medical care has high cost.
Medical care has the potential to enable an amazing experience if implemented correctly.
Medical care helps young refugee children start a new life in the United States with new health.
Medical care includes blood pressure monitoring and regular exams.
Medical care is a case in point.
Medical care is a fundamental right.
Medical care is a luxury here, while high unemployment and conflicts are everyday reality.
Medical care is a major concern while traveling.
Medical care is a maze and can be confusing.
Medical care is a more difficult problem.
Medical care is a right that every resident is entitled to.
Medical care is a tough issue.
Medical care is a treatment
Medical care is actually disease care, crisis care, medicine after the fact.
Medical care is adequate in major cities but varies in quality elsewhere.
Medical care is adequate in major cities, but it varies in quality elsewhere.
Medical care is almost a joke.
Medical care is almost totally unknown.
Medical care is also an expensive part of the cost of living.
Medical care is also available from physicians in the community, including a number of specialists.
Medical care is also most essential.
Medical care is always appropriate.
Medical care is always of concern to families planning a move.
Medical care is among the best in the world.
Medical care is an art based on science.
Medical care is an art more than a science.
Medical care is an essential human service.
Medical care is astronomically expensive in the United States.
Medical care is available at a combination of government hospitals and private clinics.
Medical care is available at hospitals and clinics throughout the country.
Medical care is available at local hospitals.
Medical care is available at the hospitals in the area.
Medical care is available but varies in quality.
Medical care is available for campers if needed.
Medical care is available for minor medical conditions.
Medical care is available for the animals.
Medical care is available to all evacuee residents of relocation centers without charge.
Medical care is available to everyone at nominal cost, even to tourists.
Medical care is below basic.
Medical care is better and, hence, more expensive.
Medical care is complicated, but the drug issue is easy to emotionally understand.
Medical care is coordinated with counseling and nutrition consultants.
Medical care is costly.
Medical care is crucial.
Medical care is dependent upon the particular etiology.
Medical care is driven by technology.
Medical care is especially helpful during the first attack of genital herpes.
Medical care is excellent in Thailand.
Medical care is excellent.
Medical care is expensive in Brazil.
Medical care is expensive.
Medical care is extremely limited.
Medical care is first rate.
Medical care is for the heart and pure water for the body.
Medical care is free for all citizens in Yugoslavia.
Medical care is free for most people, but there are now a number of private health clinics.
Medical care is free to all citizens.
Medical care is free, but substandard.
Medical care is free, whether a flu shot or a heart transplant in Texas.
Medical care is free.
Medical care is freely available to all children.
Medical care is frequently adequate in relieving a patients symptoms.
Medical care is generally good, but it varies in quality outside major cities.
Medical care is generally good.
Medical care is good in Aruba.
Medical care is good.
Medical care is important for both physical and psychological reasons.
Medical care is important to determine the cause and find a treatment.
Medical care is important, preferably by a doctor who is a pulmonary vascular specialist.
Medical care is inadequate in Guyana.
Medical care is inadequate in the towns and almost non-existent in the rural areas.
Medical care is increasingly complex, and our procedures and therapies are more intricate than ever.
Medical care is itself a hazardous industry.
Medical care is limited at best.
Medical care is limited to a few mission hospitals located in various mountain villages.
Medical care is limited.
Medical care is modern and efficient and amenities are plentiful.
Medical care is more limited than in the United States.
Medical care is most effective when healthcare providers and patients can talk with complete candor.
Medical care is necessary to promote healing and to treat and prevent infection.
Medical care is needed for severe heat exhaustion.
Medical care is negligible.
Medical care is offered to residents of any county.
Medical care is often distant and unsophisticated.
Medical care is one of the basic problems of every society.
Medical care is one thing, health is something else.
Medical care is only one spoke of the wheel of development.
Medical care is overseen by a neurologist.
Medical care is paid as per New York law.
Medical care is poor, income is low, and illiteracy is high.
Medical care is prescribed by physicians who are credentialed members of the hospital medical staff.
Medical care is probably the poorest in Japan, and divorce rates are the highest in the country.
Medical care is provided at a fixed amount.
Medical care is provided at a very low cost.
Medical care is provided by an on-site doctor and nursing staff, and area medical centers.
Medical care is provided by board certified pediatricians and neonatologists.
Medical care is provided by certified nurse practitioners and physicians.
Medical care is provided by medical practitioners with a special interest in continuing care.
Medical care is provided by private and salaried doctors, and in both public and private hospitals.
Medical care is provided by three physicians.
Medical care is provided for cadets in the school's infirmary.
Medical care is provided for premature children or children born underweight.
Medical care is provided in a private physician's office.
Medical care is provided in a small house that was converted into a four-room clinic.
Medical care is provided on the request and in case of emergency.
Medical care is provided through contracts with local health care providers.
Medical care is provided through weekly medical clinics.
Medical care is provided to students on both an outpatient and inpatient basis.
Medical care is provided.
Medical care is regulated by both federal and state laws.
Medical care is relatively more costly now than in the previous decade.
Medical care is required as soon as possible.
Medical care is required.
Medical care is so overpriced partially because of the risk of litigation and the cost of insurance.
Medical care is substandard throughout the country including in Kingstown.
Medical care is supportive until the patient can undergo definitive surgical correction.
Medical care is supportive.
Medical care is the largest single expenditure.
Medical care is treatments.
Medical care is under the direction of the patient's primary physician.
Medical care is unethical if it is useless care.
Medical care is very expensive .
Medical care is very expensive here.
Medical care is very expensive in the United States.
Medical care IS very expensive.
Medical care is very good throughout most of the country.
Medical care is vital to children with diabetes.
Medical care is widely available in Sweden.
Medical care is widely available in the District head quarters and the towns and cities.
Medical care provides relief.
Medical care varies in quality, particularly in remote areas.
Medical care varies in quality.
Medical care works very differently in the military and in Alaska.
All medical care is available locally.
All medical care is confidential.
All medical care is directed by a physician specializing in rehabilitation medicine.
All medical care is free.
All medical care is, of course, free.
More medical care is better than less medical care.
Most medical care is covered by an employer's insurance.
Most medical care is, in fact, palliative in contradistinction to preventive or curative care.
Most medical care provides relief.
Medical careers are a great example of preparation.
Medical careers require responsible, hard-working individuals who can deal with considerable stress.
Medical careers start here.
Medical cases guide and define learning agendas which are sent to the individual tutorials.
Medical causation is a matter properly within the province of medical experts.
Medical causation needs to be ruled out.
Medical CDs are few in number, but some useful ones are available now, and more are on the way.
A medical center is a center
Medical centers absorb money.
Medical centers are centers.
Medical centers are part of cities.
Medical centers lack both official dumping sites and adequate incinerators.
Medical centers minimize costly interruptions and benefit from reduced no-shows.
Medical centers reap the benefits of automation through increased cash flow.
All medical centers have broad policies for sending information in writing, by phone or by fax.
All medical centers tend to be tremendous absorbers of cash.
Every medical center is unique.
Many medical centers provide experience in several settings during one experience.
Some medical centers dedicate to care.
Some medical centers have vans to pick up seniors for medical visits.
Some medical centers offer urgent care services on evenings and weekends.
Some medical centers use carbohydrate counting instead of the exchange system .
Medical certificate is required for both parties.
Medical certificates are prepared if the tests or symptoms indicate byssinosis or asthma or both.
Medical certification is necessary.
Medical certification is required.
All medical challenges stem from a biochemical imbalance.
Medical charges remain low, supported with a substantial subsidy from public funds.
Medical charts contain many entries.
A medical checkup is an examination
Medical checkups are about the only thing done.
Medical choice is a self-defeating idea.
Medical claim opens out into full-scale insurance fraud.
Medical claims are extensive, but collision is minor with little physical damage to vehicles.
Medical clearance is necessary prior to admission.
Medical clearance is required before an employee returns to work from a medical leave of absence.
Medical clearance is required of all participants.
Medical clearance is required to attend some programs.
Medical clients can use the reports to help determine where they can cut costs.
Medical climatology is in Dana.
Medical clinic is in town.
Medical clinic is open daily and dental clinic, three times per week.
Medical clinics are also available.
Medical clinics are community based and are available across Jamaica.
Medical clinics are facilities.
Medical clinics provide a full range of reproductive health services.
Medical codes are instantly accessible electronically.
Medical coders provide an important service to healthcare providers.
Medical coders review health records and assign numeric codes to diagnoses and procedures.
Medical colleges follow schedules.
Every medical college has a cardiology department.
Many medical colleges require a year of calculus or other mathematics courses.
Most medical colleges expect more than the minimum requirements.
Most medical colleges follow schedules.
Medical comforts are usually most liberally supplied by the owners of the ships.
Medical command takes advantage of an e-mail migration to delpoy online training courses worldwide.
A medical community is a health profession
Medical community has too much of a hold on society.
Medical community provides excellent colleague interaction and referral relationships.
Medical comparisons are even more striking.
Medical competence is the overriding factor to consider.
Many medical complaints relate to the stresses and strains of living.
Medical complex is located in Taif, Saudi Arabia.
Medical complications are the other way around.
Medical complications can be servere and even life-threatening for the compulsive overeater.
Medical complications can occur in people who run long distances.
Medical complications caused by eating disorders are numerous and can range from mild to severe.
Medical Complications Learn more about the many serious complications that can result .
Medical Complications Learn more about the many serious complications that can result.
Medical conditions affect growth.
Medical conditions are caused by deficiencies.
Medical conditions are dynamic and changing.
Medical conditions are events.
Medical conditions are exacerbated by smogs.
Medical conditions are fairly primitive.
Medical conditions are hopelessly bad.
Medical conditions arising from air pollution can be very expensive.
Medical conditions can call for emergency medical management too.
Medical conditions can change at thirty thousand feet, and experience is necessary.
Medical conditions can influence mood.
Medical conditions cause similar symptoms.
Medical conditions cause symptoms.
Medical conditions include injuries.
Medical conditions include severe injuries.
Medical conditions lead to problems.
Medical conditions require a slip from the infirmary.
Medical conditions require diets.
Medical conditions require treatments.
Medical conditions treated with cannibas include cancer, glaucoma, multiple sclerosis, and epilepsy.
All medical conditions produce symptoms.
Many medical conditions can cause a change in a cat's litter box habits.
Many medical conditions can cause behavior problems.
Many medical conditions can cause bladder problems.
Many medical conditions can cause psychiatric symptoms .
Many medical conditions can cause psychiatric symptoms.
Many medical conditions can impact dental treatment.
Many medical conditions have signs and symptoms similar to a heart attack.
Many medical conditions mimic behavioral problems.
Many medical conditions require certain diets as well as medication.
Many medical conditions requiring diagnosis and treatment first show up as erectile dysfunction.
Most medical conditions affect growth.
Most medical conditions are associated with a cause, but bipolar disorder is different.
Most medical conditions are caused by deficiencies.
Most medical conditions are exacerbated by smogs.
Most medical conditions are predictable and can either be prevented or controlled.
Most medical conditions cause similar symptoms.
Most medical conditions cause symptoms.
Most medical conditions lead to problems.
Most medical conditions require diets.
Most medical conditions require treatments.
Some medical conditions affect birds.
Some medical conditions affect dogs.
Some medical conditions affect patients.
Some medical conditions affect tissue.
Some medical conditions appear to be behavioral problems.
Some medical conditions are caused by diets.
Some medical conditions are more common, especially diabetes, thyroid problems and asthma.
Some medical conditions associated with asbestos include asbestosis and various types of cancer.
Some medical conditions can cause it as can some anatomical abnormalities.
Some medical conditions can cause symptoms of depression as well as some medications.
Some medical conditions can make a horse more likely to founder, such as low thyroid.
Some medical conditions can weaken the body s normal ability to fight infection.
Some medical conditions cause congestion.
Some medical conditions cause death.
Some medical conditions cause inflammation.
Some medical conditions cause nasal congestion.
Some medical conditions cause obesity.
Some medical conditions change the way drugs are used in the body.
Some medical conditions contribute to death.
Some medical conditions contribute to problems.
Some medical conditions depend on factors.
Some medical conditions depend on several factors.
Some medical conditions disrupt our sleep.
Some medical conditions exclude from training and good health is needed.
Some medical conditions exclude.
Some medical conditions improve, allowing people to do some type of work.
Some medical conditions interfere with ability.
Some medical conditions kill dogs.
Some medical conditions lead to blockage.
Some medical conditions lead to foot problems.
Some medical conditions make blepharoplasty more risky.
Some medical conditions require steroids.
Some medical conditions require surgery.
Medical confidentiality is achieved through differentiated rights of access to data.
Medical considerations are apparent throughout.
Medical considerations are the primary basis for deciding how long to retain medical records.
Medical consultation is available by referral.
Medical consultation is imperative.
Medical consultation is necessary when the possibility of leishmaniasis is suspected.
Medical consultation is now available online to end hair loss.
Medical consultation is provided by physicians certified in blood banking and clinical pathology.
Medical consultation is provided to the local physician caring for the infant or child.
Medical consultation is used as needed to complete the treatment plan.
Medical consultation is warranted.
Medical consultations are bulk billed and international students are provided with a full refund.
Medical continuity is helpful.
Medical contractors change.
Medical convention labels the big toe as the first toe.
Medical cooperation varies from practitioner to practitoner.
Medical costs are a daily, growing burden on the elderly.
Medical costs are a huge burden to teams.
Medical costs are also involved.
Medical costs are also on the rise.
Medical costs are among the fastest rising expenses in the U.S. economy.
Medical costs are exorbitant and prohibitive.
Medical costs are high and access to quality care is a concern.
Medical costs are low.
Medical costs are one of the biggest causes of personal bankruptcy.
Medical costs are rising at double-digit rates, the report notes.
Medical costs are too high, and health insurance is out of reach of the poor.
Medical costs are very high in the United States.
Medical costs can add up quickly for the uninsured.
Medical costs can be devastating .
Medical costs can be devastating.
Medical costs can be very expensive in New Zealand.
Medical costs continue to escalate at an accelerated rate.
Medical costs decrease.
Medical costs have a direct affect on corporations as well as individual families.
Medical costs play a role as well.
Medical costs rise, of course, with more time spent in the hospital.
Some medical costs are high.
Medical counselors coax their patient to take responsibility for their own optimal functioning.
Some medical courses require supervised clinical training in area hospitals.
Medical cover is available through various local and outside medical aid and insurance schemes.
Medical cover is excluded.
Medical cover is in many ways the most important element to look for within a policy.
Medical cover is provided by two local group practices with support from the district nursing team.
Medical coverage ends on the last day of the month in which the postdoc appointment is ending.
Medical coverage helps provide financial protection against the high cost of medical care.
Medical coverage is at the discretion of the local promoter or venue management.
Medical coverage is available to employees of affiliated agencies working outside of Canada.
Medical coverage is effective upon employment.
Medical coverage is for the people injured in an accident.
Medical coverage is for twelve months.
Medical coverage is included.
Medical coverage is provided on a weekly basis.
Medical coverage is provided to an employee only, depending on deductible at no cost.
Medical coverage is provided.
Medical coverage is self-insured, and all claims are reimbursed to the employee.
Medical coverage is the same for both types of faculty hires.
Medical coverage is very important.
Medical coverage varies with the needs of the child.
Medical crews are always on alert to provide immediate response to medical emergencies.
Medical crews determine that the driver of the sedan has sore neck and minor facial lacerations.
Medical criteria exist to diagnose anorexia nervosa or bulimia nervosa.
Most medical curricula contain communication skills instruction.
Some medical curricula provide physicians.
Medical curriculum is dichotomized between preclinical and clinical years.
Medical data is for informational purposes only.
Medical data is particularly sensitive compared to information in many other sectors.
All medical data is entered into the inmate's medical record.
Medical debate is as old as the hills.
Medical debate regarding the usefulness of copper in treating illness is fierce.
Medical debts are the leading cause of personal bankruptcies and home foreclosures.
Medical decision belongs with individuals and their doctors.
Medical decisions are no different.
Medical decisions are often difficult and complex and depend on a variety of individual factors.
Medical decisions are tough enough to make, even with a professional consensus.
Medical decisions belong to doctors and patients.
Medical decisions can be very hard to make.
Medical degrees are unclassified.
Medical dermatology is seriously ill and in danger of dying.
Medical desk is meant for publication of research finds related to medical profession.
Medical detoxification is defined as the use of medications to treat drug withdrawal symptoms.
Medical detoxification is only the first stage of addiction treatment.
Medical detoxification manages the acute physical symptoms of withdrawal.
Medical device experience a plus long term contract.
Medical devices are a wonderful distraction, for staff and patients alike.
Medical devices are devices.
Medical devices cause the greatest fears .
Medical devices change from year to year.
Medical devices differ concerning the types and amounts of chemicals added.
Medical devices have a tendency to be used more by the elderly in disproportionate amounts.
Medical devices range from tongue depressors to heart pacemakers and medical imaging equipment.
Medical devices require prior return authorization.
Medical devices undergo almost constant evolution, in response to many factors.
Many medical devices contain microprocessors that calculate dates.
Many medical devices pump fluids.
Many medical devices rely on a display or user-interface module to relay information to the user.
Many medical devices rely on polymers to permit effective functioning.
Some medical devices contain dry natural rubber.
Some medical devices contain latex.
Some medical devices contain natural latex.
Some medical devices contain natural rubber latex.
Some medical devices contain natural rubber.
Some medical devices contain oil.
Some medical devices contain rubber latex.
Some medical devices contain rubber.
Some medical devices provide analyses.
Some medical devices provide body composition analyses.
Some medical devices require sterilization.
A medical diagnosis is a diagnosis
Medical diagnosis can also be inconclusive.
Medical diagnosis is also acceptable .
Medical diagnosis is an ideal application for neural networks.
Medical diagnosis is important.
Medical diagnosis is the best-known field, but diagnosis can be applied to any subject.
Medical diagnosises are diagnosises.
Medical diagnosises are part of medical care.
Medical dictionaries are a good source for basic definitions.
Medical dictionaries are also available at many libraries.
Medical dictionaries are dictionaries.
Medical dictionaries draw a distinction between collars and braces.
Medical dictionaries make only a slight difference.
Many medical dictionaries use technical terminology.
Medical direction is provided by a board certified cardiologist.
Medical Directives Offers a guide to the laws and policies relating to advance medical directives.
Medical directors have an opportunity to be involved with either process.
Medical directors have enormous influence on medical cost and quality.
Medical disability includes personal illness, injury, and incapacitation.
All medical disciplines are welcome, from surgery to psychiatry, to forensic medicine and herbology.
Medical discoveries are on the news nightly.
Medical discrimination exists now.
Some medical diseases can cause halitosis.
Medical disorder results in acute pain.
Medical disorder results in pain.
Medical disorders are usually curable with treatment.
Medical disorders relate to patients admitted for medical reasons other than psychiatric.
Many medical disorders can cause memory problems.
Some medical disorder relates to nutrition.
Some medical disorder relates to poor nutrition.
Some medical disorders can make people highly susceptible to lead poisoning.
Medical divination has a world-wide distribution.
Medical doctors are always available to attend passengers.
Medical doctors are always available to attend to passengers.
Medical doctors are clergy.
Medical doctors are doctors.
Medical doctors are in a very unique position in our part of the world.
Medical doctors are just humans and so often humans make mistakes.
Medical doctors are now to be regarded as priests, social workers, inspectors, and police.
Medical doctors are on call for consultation and medical services.
Medical doctors are specialists in pharmacology and surgery.
Medical doctors are very busy.
Medical doctors complete procedures.
Medical doctors do save lives and are absolutely necessary for certain health situations.
Medical doctors fear the outbreak of epidemics.
Medical doctors give out prescriptions , which can then be used to get the drug .
Medical doctors give out prescriptions, which can then be used to get the drug.
Medical doctors have a responsibility to guide patient care responsibly.
Medical doctors have a time-honored creed that applies here.
Medical doctors have different theories and approaches to health.
Medical doctors have experience.
Medical doctors have to complete internships and pilots have to fly airplanes.
Medical doctors inject vaccines.
Medical doctors know about the power of sound, too.
Medical doctors laud new test for cervical cancer.
Medical doctors offer alternative treatments.
Medical doctors offer treatments.
Medical doctors preserve the confidences of their patients.
Medical doctors provide preliminary health care on site whenever needed by residents.
Medical doctors rely on similar types of correlations when diagnosing disease.
Medical doctors remain for the most part anti-chiropractic.
Medical doctors review the site on a daily basis.
Medical doctors specialize in approaches.
Medical doctors standardize their approach to treatment thereby ensuing a mutual understanding.
Medical doctors think the mind is in the brain.
Medical doctors to determine causes.
Medical doctors to determine root causes.
Medical doctors treat problems.
Medical doctors use different types of maps for locating and identifying parts of the body.
Medical doctors view the issue differently, arguing that optometrists are unqualified to do surgery.
Many medical doctors think depression is just part of being a teenager .
Most medical doctors complete procedures.
Most medical doctors have at least some limited education in depressive illnesses.
Most medical doctors have experience.
Most medical doctors inject vaccines.
Most Medical Doctors know very little about what Chiropractors do.
Most medical doctors offer alternative treatments.
Most medical doctors offer treatments.
Most medical doctors specialize in approaches.
Most medical doctors treat problems.
Most medical doctors warn against the new fad for torture.
Some medical doctors offer surgery.
Some medical doctors practice acupuncture.
Some medical doctors specialize in family medicine.
Some medical doctors specialize in medicine.
Some medical doctors specialize in pediatrics.
Some medical doctors use a few remedies in addition to their conventional practices.
Some medical doctors use diets.
Some medical doctors write books.
Medical documentation can often give clues as to functional limitation.
Medical documentation cites that very high calcium and very low magnesium also occur in diabetics.
Medical documentation is essential.
Medical documentation is necessary to receive benefits.
Medical documentation is required before a disabled passport can be issued.
Medical documentation is required for all injury-related absences, even if annual leave is used.
Medical documentation is required for all periods of incapacity.
Medical documentation is required for the first seven days of incapacity.
Medical dosimetry is an advanced subspecialty of radiation therapy.
Medical dramas are really human dramas that have to relate to a wide audience.
Medical dramas are sometimes the worst offenders.
Medical drugs are developed and tested before being used to relieve illness or disease.
Medical drugs can only kill one or two parasites each.
Medical drugs relieve disease and illness, and are extensively tested before being used.
Many medical drugs are very valuable for the patient.
Medical editors are acutely aware of the trials and tribulations of research reporting.
Medical editors are neurologists.
Medical education depends on the use of images and graphic resources of considerable complexity.
Medical education is a joint endeavor between the school and seven affiliated hospitals.
Medical education is a lifelong process requiring more than computer literacy.
Medical education is a long-standing and primary component of the service mission.
Medical education is a multi-billion dollar industry in New York.
Medical education is a partnership of public and private enterprise.
Medical education is a tedious, arduous and expensive process.
Medical education is a vital prerequisite for good medical care.
Medical education is already heavily reliant on technology.
Medical education is an extremely demanding and stressful process.
Medical education is expensive.
Medical education is governed by an integrated teaching approach.
Medical education is more than medical training.
Medical education is stressful.
Medical education is tough, tedious and expensive.
Medical education is tuition-free, and all books and equipment are supplied at no cost.
Medical education is very expensive.
Medical education remains our number-one priority.
Medical education requires intellectual curiosity, sharing knowledge, and continued learning.
Medical education requires participation and responsibility.
Medical electron accelerators Functional performance characteristics.
Medical emergencies are a fact of life.
Medical emergencies are emergencies.
Medical emergencies are exceptions.
Medical emergencies are one emergency that planners say requires special staffing.
Medical emergencies are physical events.
Medical emergencies are the most common use of pre-arrival instructions.
Medical emergencies are the only exception to the lock in agreement.
Medical emergencies can be very costly.
Medical emergencies can happen at any time.
Medical emergencies relate to equipment standards and training procedures.
Medical emergencies require a cool head and clear thinking.
Medical emergencies require attention.
Medical emergencies require immediate attention.
Medical emergencies require immediate treatments.
Medical emergencies require prompt attention.
Medical emergencies require treatments.
Medical emergencies ruin already tight budgets.
Medical emergency expenses Pd.under outpatient misc.
Most medical emergencies require attention.
Most medical emergencies require immediate attention.
Most medical emergencies require immediate treatments.
Most medical emergencies require prompt attention.
Most medical emergencies require treatments.
Some medical emergencies cause death.
Medical encyclopedias are a good example .
Medical encyclopedias are a good example.
Medical encyclopedias tend to contain factual, objective introductory information.
Medical equipment fits in two small panniers and a duffel on the rear rack.
Medical equipment is a costly investment.
Medical equipment is a particular concern.
Medical equipment is close at hand, but concealed to maintain a homelike atmosphere.
Medical equipment is configured in deployable sets.
Medical equipment is hidden from view, yet is easily accessible.
Medical equipment is nearby.
Medical equipment is provided to nursing home residents by the nursing home.
Medical equipment suffers the same problem, so hospitals are in disrepair and can barely function.
All medical equipment has to be portable, for personal use and show signs of being previously used.
All medical equipment is delivered new, in original factory carton and fully warranted.
Some medical equipment is available for loan.
Some medical equipment is now available to the general public.
Medical error happens.
Medical errors account for up to a quarter of the deaths from heart attack, stroke and pneumonia.
Medical errors are a leading cause of death and injury in America.
Medical errors are all too prevalent in the health care system.
Medical errors are both common and costly.
Medical errors are common and costly.
Medical errors are much in the news of late.
Medical errors are one of the nation's leading causes of death and injury.
Medical errors are the eighth leading cause of death in the United States.
Medical errors bring calls for change.
Medical errors can also be life-threatening.
Medical errors occur in all phases of practice.
Most medical errors have less to do with carelessness or neglect than with failures of systems.
Medical ethics accepts that there is a right to a certain level of medical care.
Medical ethics are concerned with the distributive part of comparative justice.
Medical ethics are in a separate webliography.
Medical ethics is a growth industry.
Medical ethics is a large portion of the online library of information.
Medical ethics is an area of particular emphasis.
Medical ethics is an interdisciplinary research and teaching subject.
Medical ethics is another area which has shown real growth in recent years.
Medical ethics is debated on our front pages, and death with dignity is a sought-after right.
Medical ethics is examined in relation to the practice of healthcare management.
Medical ethics is placed under a microscope.
Medical ethics needs to be revised if it is to provide meaningful guides to future health policy.
Medical ethics preclude doctors from participating in executions.
Medical ethics refers generically to physician, nursing, and healthcare ethics.
Medical ethics refers to values and guidelines governing decision making in medical practice.
Medical ethics revolves around clinical matters.
Medical ethics says, prevention is better than cure.
Medical ethics vary greatly in different regions of the world.
Much medical ethics involves the application of moral theories to medical ethical problems.
Medical ethicists are worried by today's revelations too.
Medical ethicists find themselves increasingly in demand.
Medical ethicists struggle to determine whether permanently comatose humans have any rights.
Medical ethicists worry about consumer protections in such a speculative and emotional industry.
A medical evacuation is an evacuation
Medical evacuation can be very expensive for non-ambulatory patients.
Medical evacuation is an additional benefit in addition to health insurance.
Medical evacuation is the process of actually moving a patient.
Medical evacuations are evacuations.
Medical evacuations can be very costly.
Medical evacuations can save the life of someone who has an accident far from a hospital.
Medical evaluation is essential.
Medical evaluation is extremely important.
Medical evaluation is necessary for thorough cleansing and treatment.
Medical evaluation is often the first step in the diagnosis of a voice problem.
Medical evaluation is the only valid way to assess effects of exposure.
Medical evaluation is warranted if a woman is bothered by such a response.
All medical evaluations begin with a history and physical examination .
Medical evangelism changes lives.
Medical evidence backs the claims that exercise is a crucial part of medical care.
Medical evidence can be conclusive in many such cases.
Medical evidence indicates just the opposite.
Medical evidence indicates that exposure to second-hand smoke can be hazardous to health.
Medical evidence indicates that marijuana is more damaging to the lungs than nicotine.
Medical evidence indicates that primary hypertension in adults begins in childhood.
Medical evidence is critical to determinations of disability.
Medical evidence is obtained.
Medical evidence is offered to support blood therapy.
Medical evidence is reported to confirm the sexual assault.
Medical evidence shows that 'safe sex' for young teenagers is a myth.
Medical evidence suggests a higher incidence of some genetic diseases such as cystic fibrosis.
Medical evidence suggests that the shocks administered through the belts can cause fatalities.
Some medical evidence does indicate that the practice does lead to improved health throughout life.
A medical exam is an examination
Medical exams take normally two work days to complete.
A medical examination is an examination
Medical examination is a difficult subject.
Medical examination is required .
Medical examination is required for all applicants.
Medical examination is therefore necessary.
Medical examinations are mandatory for all live-in caregiver prior to coming to Canada.
Medical examinations are sometimes necessary.
A medical examiner is an investigator
Medical examiner confirms inadvertent overdose of topical lidocaine as cause of death.
Medical examiner estimates the body's been there for close to thirty years.
Medical examiner says they died instantly.
Medical examiners announce that mystery leg belonged to previously identified victim.
Medical examiners are coroners.
Medical examiners are too few and too poorly trained.
Medical examiners can draw nuclear DNA samples from any part of the body.
Medical examiners say the law has two loopholes.
Some medical examiners order autopsies infrequently, even in suspicious deaths.
Medical excuses are to be documented.
Medical excuses require a doctor's note.
Medical excuses require a physician's note.
All medical excuses expire at the close of each school year.
Medical exemption requires a physician's signature.
Medical exemptions fall into several categories.
Medical expense is expense
Medical expense is expense.
Medical expenses account for as much as half of all workers' compensation costs.
Medical expenses are a fact of life.
Medical expenses are also a necessity.
Medical expenses are extremely costly in the United States.
Medical expenses are extremely high in Canada, making medical insurance mandatory.
Medical expenses are high the first year of life but subsequent costs are low.
Medical expenses are twice that of defense and soon to exceed housing.
Medical expenses are very expensive in the United States.
Medical expenses can add up fast.
Medical expenses can mount very rapidly and without warning.
Medical expenses increase, especially the costs of prescription drugs.
Medical expenses incurred are the responsibility of individual.
Medical expenses provide plenty of gray areas.
All medical expenses are the responsibility of the student, but costs are low.
Any medical expense incurred by the student is the responsibility of the student.
Any medical expenses are the responsibility of the student.
Medical experience is a plus for all our employees.
Medical experience is limited by time.
Some medical experience is mandatory and community service is highly desired.
Medical experiments are i. costly ii.
Medical experts agree on best practices.
Medical experts agree that most skin cancers result from over-exposure to the sun s rays.
Medical experts agree that osteoporosis is highly preventable.
Medical experts agree that pregnancy starts at implantation.
Medical experts agree that the risk can be reduced.
Medical experts agree that there is no safe level of human exposure to radiation.
Medical experts agree that working up a good sweat is great for our health.
Medical experts agree the benefits of eating fruits and vegetables far outweigh any potential risk.
Medical experts agree, however, that diet is certainly a factor.
Medical experts agree.
Medical experts agree-constipation is number one on the list.
Medical experts are outraged.
Medical experts believe high stress and less physically active jobs are contributing factors.
Medical experts believe that many medication-related problems are predictable and thus preventable.
Medical experts believe the decrease is due to increases in mammography use.
Medical experts can participate in a webcast from anywhere.
Medical experts caution about the use of cholesterol-lowering supplements sold over the counter.
Medical experts consider pipe and cigar smoke just as potentially harmful as cigarette smoke.
Medical experts disagree about the benefits of bedrest.
Medical experts disagree on all counts.
Medical experts discuss biology, current genetic research and drug treatment of schizophrenia.
Medical experts estimate that at least one-third of the population is carbohydrate sensitive.
Medical experts estimate that half of all men inherit the gene for the condition.
Medical experts explain about the disease and offer tips for healthier living.
Medical experts have some simple answers.
Medical experts have to worry about liability.
Medical experts know that in older people, being run-down or tired can lead to confusion.
Medical experts provide supportive services like occupational and physical therapy.
Medical experts recommend using a locker instead of lugging a full bag to every class.
Medical experts report that today's seniors are the healthiest in history.
Medical experts say blood tests are still the most effective means of diagnosis.
Medical experts say intact removal is often safer for the mother because it reduces bleeding.
Medical experts say it does the opposite.
Medical experts say it is never needed to protect a woman's physical health.
Medical experts say it's the image of a real human being.
Medical experts say nicotine it is more addictive than heroin or cocaine.
Medical experts say the actual figure is much higher.
Medical experts say the cause of autism is still a mystery.
Medical experts say the disease is preventable if it is caught early.
Medical experts say they often appear later, and usually fade away over time.
Medical experts say to treat symptoms, get plenty of bed rest, and drink fluids.
Medical experts say using polluted water is a major cause of gynaecological disease.
Medical experts talk about diseases and treatments.
Medical experts think animals are the source of superbugs that are passed on to humans.
Medical experts work with expectant parents.
Medical experts work with parents.
Many medical experts advise treating the entire family with antibiotics.
Many medical experts believe that low levels are associated with depression.
Many medical experts doubt silicone implants cause any significant medical disease.
Most medical experts agree osteoporosis is highly preventable.
Most medical experts agree the condition is linked to poor diet.
Most medical experts state that pregnancy begins when a fertilized egg implants on the uterine wall.
Most medical experts suggest to let the leech finish.
Most medical experts work with expectant parents.
Most medical experts work with parents.
Some medical experts urge caution.
Medical exploration has to start somewhere.
Medical exposures are intentional and clearly have defined benefits for the individual.
Medical facilities abound in Green Valley and continue to keep pace with the community growth.
Medical facilities are accessible by walking or complimentary shuttle.
Medical facilities are adequate for most medical problems, including diving related emergencies.
Medical facilities are adequate for non-emergency matters, particularly in tourist areas.
Medical facilities are adequate, and some in Athens and Thessaloniki are quite good.
Medical facilities are also available in Northeast Harbor, Southwest Harbor, and Ellsworth.
Medical facilities are always available, and the various programs normally offer insurance coverage.
Medical facilities are among the finest in the area.
Medical facilities are available at hospitals in East Timor's major towns.
Medical facilities are available in cities.
Medical facilities are available locally, as well as churches of most major denomination.
Medical facilities are available locally, as well as churches of most major denominations.
Medical facilities are available nearby.
Medical facilities are available on campus in case of emergency.
Medical facilities are available to campers at designated hours.
Medical facilities are available within minutes from most communities.
Medical facilities are available.
Medical facilities are average, but personnel excellent.
Medical facilities are basic at best.
Medical facilities are extremely limited in Chad.
Medical facilities are extremely limited.
Medical facilities are facilities.
Medical facilities are fairly good.
Medical facilities are generally limited.
Medical facilities are generally of a high standard.
Medical facilities are generally of an extremely high standard.
Medical facilities are generally quite good in Spain.
Medical facilities are good but health insurance is recommended.
Medical facilities are good but scarce.
Medical facilities are good in main centres especially in Bangkok.
Medical facilities are good in main centres.
Medical facilities are good.
Medical facilities are highly-rated.
Medical facilities are inadequate in Bangladesh.
Medical facilities are limited and medicine is in short supply.
Medical facilities are limited and medicines are often unavailable.
Medical facilities are limited and some medicines are in short supply or unavailable.
Medical facilities are limited and some medicines are unavailable.
Medical facilities are limited, and many medicines are unavailable.
Medical facilities are limited, and medicine is in short supply.
Medical facilities are limited, and medicines are often unavailable.
Medical facilities are limited, and some medicines are in short supply or unavailable.
Medical facilities are limited, and the quality of acute care is unreliable.
Medical facilities are limited, but generally adequate.
Medical facilities are limited, particularly outside the capital.
Medical facilities are limited.
Medical facilities are minimal and many medicines are unavailable.
Medical facilities are minimal.
Medical facilities are nearby.
Medical facilities are non-existent at most prisons and very poor at many hospitals in Nigeria.
Medical facilities are numerous and dependable.
Medical facilities are of a high standard.
Medical facilities are of a very low standard.
Medical facilities are practically nonexistent.
Medical facilities are relatively modern, especially in the capital city of Windhoek.
Medical facilities are rudimentary, and many medicines are unavailable.
Medical facilities are scarce and sub-standard.
Medical facilities are scarce.
Medical facilities are severely limited and extremely overburdened.
Medical facilities are too few and too far away for the heavily rural population.
Medical facilities are very limited in Montserrat.
Medical facilities are virtual non-existent in the remote areas of Nepal and India.
Medical facilities are widely available for emergency services.
Medical facilities are widely available.
Medical facilities can make a major difference in helping to reduce mercury in the environment.
Medical facilities can order as needed for patients.
Medical facilities exist in all the regional capitals as well as in most towns and villages.
Medical facilities exist in the Yucatan and Maya riviera.
Medical facilities fall critically short of U.S. standards.
Medical facilities link to the most sophisticated hospitals in the country using tele-health.
Medical facilities link up to the most sophisticated hospitals in the country using tele-health.
Most medical facilities have numerous architectural barriers.
Most medical facilities use low dose x-ray equipment, which reduce the risk.
Medical facts are most important to best educate about true dangers.
Medical facts can help to answer that question.
Medical faculty mandates compulsory student participation in all autopsies.
Medical fees are to be paid to the nurse by the end of each term.
Medical financing is available.
Medical foods add value to a patient's treatment program.
Medical foods are only for use under the supervision of a physician.
Medical forms are only valid for a maximum of six months.
Medical fraud is the most sickening of frauds.
Medical frauds can have very serious health consequences for older citizens.
Medical freedom pits under-funded patients and a few professionals against big business PACs.
Medical futility encompasses several issues only loosely related to one another.
Medical futility is a trump card physicians use to overrule family and patients.
Medical geneticists are trained in medicine diagnosis treatments.
Medical geneticists are trained in treatments.
Most medical geneticists are trained in medicine diagnosis treatments.
Most medical geneticists are trained in treatments.
Most medical geneticists work for hospitals, research institutes, and pharmaceutical companies.
Medical ginger is an aromatic stimulant that is useful for indigestion and fever.
Medical grade is supposed to be safe.
Medical graduates are clearly in a difficult situation.
Medical graduates can, alternatively, register for a DM degree by research.
Medical group accuses Zimbabwe of torture.
Medical groups act to curb errors.
Medical groups are thus at risk of losing money if they manage poorly or spend too much on care.
Medical groups can also inflate their own opinions of their worth, impeding effective contracting.
Medical groups document recent torture by Chinese officials in Tibet.
Many medical groups think the secret test drives a wedge between the doctor and patient.
Some medical groups are more flexible than others.
Some medical groups make their physicians get permission for every referral to a specialist.
Some medical groups offer the services of certified midwives, as well as physicians.
Medical guidelines are available to assist physicians with determining a patient s fitness to fly.
Medical guidelines are no less uniform.
Medical help can make all the difference.
Medical help can soften the initial grief.
Medical help is a two-day trek away.
Medical help is absolutely essential.
Medical help is also available.
Medical help is always at hand.
Medical help is an absolute joke.
Medical help is available to help quit.
Medical help is essential.
Medical help is far away.
Medical help is imperative, hospitalization is needed.
Medical help is imperative.
Medical help is located in doctors.
Medical help is many hours away because there are no phones or cellular phone service.
Medical help is many hours away.
Medical help is needed in asthma.
Medical help is on the way.
Medical help is readily available.
Medical help is sometimes necessary and advised in many situations.
More medical help is needed, as well as help for agricultural and other improvements.
Medical heroin is an avenue discussed by advocates.
Medical historians believe that ancient Egyptian pharmacology, for example, was largely ineffective.
Medical historians point to the possibility of court-ordered shots for drug abusers.
Medical histories are vital to the clinicians, who actually treat their patients.
Medical history features.
Medical history is another major focus.
Medical history is case history
Medical history is case history.
Medical history is desired.
Medical history is filled with affidavits regarding the therapeutic efficacy of music.
Medical history is important in determining the cause and planning treatment.
Medical history is introduced and instruction in data collection is begun.
Medical history is replete with such examples.
Medical history is unremarkable except for a history of recurrent otitis media.
Medical history offers no clues for either primary or benign renal glycosuria.
Medical history review Comprehensive history form followed by verbal interview.
Medical history shows there are always survivors.
Medical history taking and physical exams are the most common methods of discovering a recurrence.
Medical humanities review.
Medical humanity covers a wide spectrum of social sciences and humanity.
Medical humor is an under-studied and researched area of medicine.
Medical hypnosis requires advanced studies during or after medical or mental health training.
Medical hypnosis requires the referral and prescription of a licensed health care practitioner.
Medical ignorance can also be a problem, with doctors prescribing the wrong treatment regimens.
Medical illiteracy is prevalent across our nation, and our state.
Medical illness can cause chronic insomnia.
Many medical illnesses disrupt sleep and impair alertness.
Medical illustration is art applied to medicine, a fusion of science and the graphic image.
Medical illustration is art as applied to medicine, a fusion of science and the graphic image.
Medical illustration is as old as medicine itself.
Medical illustration is charged out by the hour.
Medical illustration is priced by the hour.
Medical illustrators draw illustrations of human anatomy and surgical procedures.
Medical illustrators use a variety of media and tools, to tell a complex story.
Medical image databases.
Medical images are an essential component of the contemporary medical information environment.
Medical images can undergo processing so as to enhance the images, and carry out automated analyses.
Medical images constitute an early area of investigation for the near-term future.
Medical images databases.
Medical images require a sharp, bright image.
Medical imagery buttresses the logic of fetal personhood.
Medical imagery is included within the scope of the proposal.
Medical imaging are medical tests.
Medical incidents are fortunately rare.
Medical inflation is a major component.
Medical inflation is back, besting managed care at the very thing it was supposed to extinguish.
Medical inflation is back, besting managed care at the very thing it was supposed to solve.
Medical informatics are useful in all kinds of medical settings.
Medical informatics concerns computer applications in medical care.
Medical informatics has both an applied and a theoretical dimension.
Medical informatics involves using software to deal with large volumes of medical data.
Medical informatics is multidisciplinary and uses collaborative approaches to solve problems.
Medical informatics is one of many expanding areas of research in the residency program.
Medical informatics is the application of computers and information technology to health care.
Medical informatics is the application of computers to health care.
Medical informatics meets medical education.
Medical information abounds, especially on Web sites available on the Internet.
Medical information accompanies each photograph.
Medical information can change quickly.
Medical information changes constantly.
Medical information changes rapidly.
Medical information continues to be used for inappropriate purposes.
Medical information cuts two ways.
Medical information has value, and it belongs to individuals.
Medical information is a private matter and needs to be kept confidential.
Medical information is also secured from medical facilities, physicians, medical specialists.
Medical information is among the most retrieved information on the web.
Medical information is among the most sensitive personal data there is.
Medical information is available to the school nurse.
Medical information is communicated physician to physician.
Medical information is confidential.
Medical information is different from any other kind of information that a person can disclose.
Medical information is needed.
Medical information is outdated quickly.
Medical information is presented in an interesting age appropriate way.
Medical information is readily available.
Medical information is released only with students' written permission.
Medical information is released only with written consent from the patient.
Medical information is reviewed pending progresses in medical care.
Medical information is the application of information technology to medicine and health care.
Medical information is the key to getting adequate compensation.
Medical information is to be maintained in separate folders where confidentiality is assured.
Medical information is very general in nature.
Medical information needs of rural health professionals .
Medical information obtained is to be kept confidential.
Medical information required is a current health history signed by parents or guardian.
All medical information is confidential.
All medical information Is confidential.
All medical information is considered confidential.
All medical information is kept strictly confidential.
All medical information is maintained separately from personnel records.
All medical information is offered in non-technical terminology.
All medical information is offered to the patient in lay terminology.
All medical information is readily available for medical personnel at the time of an emergency.
All medical information is reviewed by medical experts before it is posted.
All medical information is viewed by a certified physician and pharmacist only.
All medical information needs to be stored safely.
Any medical information provided is for educational purposes only.
Most medical information is still on paper.
Medical injections using unsterilized equipment are also a possible source of infection.
Medical innovation is an incremental process with technologies and procedures evolving over time.
Medical inseminations are unsuccessful.
A medical institution is an institution
Many medical institutions have a limited number of job slots for nurses.
Most medical institutions are hospitals responding to sudden illness or injuries.
Medical instrumentation relies on extremely sensitive sensors.
Medical insurance can be a problem for the self-employed home or small business owner.
Medical insurance claims.
Medical insurance continues to be fully paid by the employer.
Medical insurance covering air ambulance evacuation is highly advisable.
Medical insurance covers both the employee and the employee s family.
Medical insurance has more exceptions than most.
Medical insurance helps pay only part of the cost of medical care.
Medical insurance involves a monthly premium payment.
Medical insurance is a hedge against financial hardship due to health problems.
Medical insurance is accepted with prescription.
Medical insurance is advised in all other cases.
Medical insurance is advised to cover any additional charges.
Medical insurance is advised.
Medical insurance is also available to employees and families.
Medical insurance is also necessary to cover potential illness or accidents.
Medical insurance is also the responsibility of the student and parents.
Medical insurance is an absolute necessity in the United States.
Medical insurance is an area where the quality of the product can be greatly improved.
Medical insurance is another big expense.
Medical insurance is available at the student's expense.
Medical insurance is available for purchase.
Medical insurance is available to employees at the time of hire.
Medical insurance is available.
Medical insurance is compulsory for all international students.
Medical insurance is compulsory in the state of Massachusetts for all full-time students.
Medical insurance is essential.
Medical insurance is included.
Medical insurance is just one cost that is often overlooked.
Medical insurance is little help.
Medical insurance is mandatory for all students.
Medical insurance is mandatory for walk-ons.
Medical insurance is mandatory.
Medical insurance is obligatory for all students.
Medical insurance is one potential problem.
Medical insurance is optional, and a premium is charged for it.
Medical insurance is optional, and a premium is charged.
Medical insurance is optional, and requires a premium.
Medical insurance is optional.
Medical insurance is provided after one month in the program.
Medical insurance is recommended for all other nationals.
Medical insurance is recommended.
Medical insurance is required for all foreign students and their families.
Medical insurance is required for international students.
Medical insurance is required in case of emergency.
Medical insurance is required.
Medical insurance is studied as well as legal considerations in a medical office.
Medical insurance is the responsibility of each participant.
Medical insurance is the responsibility of the individual student .
Medical insurance is worth it.
Medical insurance pays a limited amount for routine care.
Medical insurance requires it.
Medical insurance sucks.
Medical Insurances Find agents dealing with all types of medical insurance.
More medical insurance insure accupuncture treatments.
Some medical insurances do cover for any medical emergency when the person is outside home country.
Most medical insurers do cover sterilization procedures.
Medical interpreters are available to help patients communicate with hospital and clinic staff.
Medical interpreters are extremely expensive.
Medical intervention is essential in some cases.
Medical intervention is essential.
Medical intervention is medical procedures.
Medical intervention is most effective when introduced during early childhood.
Medical intervention is necessary depending on the severity of the case.
Medical intervention is necessary.
Medical intervention is needed.
Medical interventions are thus primarily limited to medications.
All medical intervention comes with some level of risk to the patient.
Any medical intervention has risks.
Every medical intervention carries some risk.
Medical investigation is necessary to discover the cause of infertility.
Medical IRAs shift the burden of discretionary decisions to the patient.
Medical issues are also interesting in the project.
Medical issues are perhaps the most important when dealing with sports.
Medical issues are very important for pilots so try and visit recommended AMEs only.
Medical issues can also complicate treatment.
Any medical issues are addressed.
All medical items are of recent commercial manufacture.
Many medical items have a relatively short shelf life.
Most medical jargon is actually Latin.
Medical journal bars authors' prepublication comments.
Medical journals are almost always extremely conservative in their recommendations.
Medical journals are complex entities with multiple functions.
Medical journals are dead.
Medical journals are prohibitively expensive.
Medical journals contain such reports.
Medical journals publish information on research in cardiac care.
Medical journals rush to meet Web's deadlines.
Medical journals work hard to ensure that the studies they publish meet rigorous research standards.
Many medical journals are available on-line.
Many medical journals are now on the internet.
Many medical journals have abstracts or full-text articles on the internet.
Most medical journals are pro-evolution.
Most medical journals have the same basic organization.
Some medical journals are available full-text online from Ovid .
Some medical journals are available on-line in whole or in part.
Medical kits are also a part of our product line.
Medical kits are conspicuously absent.
Medical knowledge changes rapidly.
Medical knowledge continues to grow exponentially.
Medical knowledge emphasizes rational, logical, scientific ways of knowing.
Medical knowledge grows so rapidly it is difficult to keep up with new treatments or dangers.
Medical knowledge is also desirable.
Medical knowledge is of paramount importance here.
Medical knowledge is too vast for human brains.
Medical knowledge saves people's lives and improves their quality of life.
Medical labels are undesirable and often misleading, as no two people are alike.
Medical laboratories are laboratories.
Medical laboratories assist the medical professions by providing analytic and diagnostic services.
Medical laboratories can measure carboxyhemoglobin levels in the blood.
Medical laboratories perform thousands of tests every day.
Medical laboratory technologists conduct experiments and analyses of medical specimens and samples.
Medical Lake has many fine churches, fraternal organizations and an excellent school system.
Medical Lake is interested in conducting a suicide education campaign next year.
Medical language has a similar problem.
All medical language is a combination of prefixes and suffixes combined with the Latin word.
Medical lasers are available that can effectively treat the hair follicles using laser light.
Medical lasers are prescription devices available for sale only to licensed practitioners.
Medical leaders participate in provincial medical director meetings.
Medical leave is used for the employee's own personal illness.
Medical leaves are for a minimum of one year.
Medical liability is a powerful deterrent to incompetent care.
Medical liability is an issue, as well.
Medical liability is another issue.
Medical librarian does literature research on any medical topic.
Medical librarians can help people better understand their health care options.
Medical librarians conduct a variety of workshops and tours.
Medical librarians do it best.
Medical librarians evaluate and select all of the sites.
Medical librarians find some problems with it.
Medical librarians provide assistance during normal working hours.
Medical libraries endure and evolve because they enhance patient care.
Medical libraries have an interesting relationship with online information.
Medical libraries have more extensive medical databases.
Medical licenses expire next year.
Medical links are a great place to check the latest news and information also.
Medical literature cites a few instances of unexplained recovery.
Medical literature cites instances of unexplained recovery.
Medical literature confirms the potent neurotoxic effects of aluminum, copper, lead, and cadmium.
Medical literature contains no reports of harm from external use of witch hazel.
Medical literature indicates that appropriate splinting is the cornerstone of treatment.
Medical literature is available from CD-ROM servers from home or computer lab.
Medical literature offers almost no practical advice on the practice.
Medical literature supports the fact that smoking in public places is hazardous to non-smokers.
Some medical literature supports the association between smoking and hearing loss.
Some medical losses can be equally sudden.
Medical malpractice background a plus.
Medical malpractice can lead to tragic results for individuals and families.
Medical malpractice can occur at any point in the diagnosis and treatment course.
Medical malpractice claims in all fields of medical, surgical, obstetrical and psychiatric care.
Medical malpractice is a bigger problem than most people want to admit.
Medical malpractice is a commonly used term for negligence.
Medical malpractice is a family experience.
Medical malpractice is a highly specialized field of law.
Medical malpractice is a serious business.
Medical malpractice is a state common law claim.
Medical malpractice is a very complex and difficult area of personal injury law.
Medical malpractice is a widespread and serious problem in our society.
Medical malpractice is actually the most profitable line of insurance written nationwide.
Medical malpractice is all too common in America.
Medical malpractice is another cause of catastrophic personal injury.
Medical malpractice is just ordinary negligence by a healthcare provider which causes injury.
Medical malpractice is negligence committed by a medical professional.
Medical malpractice is no exception.
Medical malpractice is provided by the psychiatry department.
Medical malpractice is the leading cause of accidental death.
Medical malpractice is the most common but architects, engineers, lawyers, accountants, etc.
Medical malpractice occurs when the physician breaches or violates the standard of care.
Much medical malpractice occurs totally outside the control of the patient.
A medical man is a caregiver
Medical man is busy in the business of creating diseases.
Medical men divide poisons into two classes, organic and inorganic.
Medical men make their mark almost always by their personal skill.
Medical men state that blood is held in one's body by capillaries.
Medical management allows many arthritic pets to live a relatively pain-free life.
Medical management begins with educating the patient to limit sun exposure.
Medical management consists of correcting risk factors and using blood thinners when appropriate.
Medical management includes anticoagulation therapy with warfarin.
Medical management includes careful examination and a sleep study.
Medical management includes sodium restriction and the avoidance of caffeine, alcohol and nicotine.
Medical management is a highly useful adjuvant therapy for patients with residual disease.
Medical management is a rapidly growing and continually changing field.
Medical management is an element of the ergonomics program.
Medical management is appropriate in the infant with moderate reflux symptoms.
Medical management is available in the event of inoperable shunts.
Medical management is indicated for congenital or acquired idiopathic megaesophagus.
Medical management is lengthy and frequently includes surgery.
Medical management is most likely to be successful in the host with an intact immune system.
Medical management is often unsatisfactory.
Medical management is provided by physicians specializing in physical medicine and rehabilitation.
Medical management is provided by the infant's neonatologists or pediatrician.
Medical management is used to reduce, to the greatest extent possible, the effects of head injury.
Medical management is usually successful.
Medical management means controlling the seizures with the prescribed anti-epileptic medication.
Medical manpower needs urgent planning.
Medical marihuana outlet.
Medical marijuana gets the high sign.
Medical marijuana is a ploy, an attempt to achieve back-door legalization.
Medical marijuana is a way to persuade the public that pot is benign.
Medical marijuana is already legal there.
Medical marijuana is effective.
Medical marijuana is just about buying sympathy and eroding the public stance on changing the laws.
Medical marijuana is legal in Maine.
Medical marijuana is on the ballot in Arkansas, Florida, Montana, and North Dakota.
Medical marijuana is supported by many people who oppose legalizing marijuana for non-medical use.
Medical marijuana is the compassion cover for legalization.
Medical massage is an area with even more exacting requirements.
Medical matters are complicated enough.
Medical mechanics use scalpels for wrenches and rachets and lasers to solder and weld.
Medical meditation is the perfect adjunct to medical care.
Medical menopause tends to cause more severe symptoms in all ways.
Medical messages are a prime example.
Medical methods help children deal with cancer.
Medical microbiologists study the relationship between organisms and diseases.
Most medical microbiologists are no longer content to be just laboratory backroom boys and girls.
Medical miracles come through hard work, risk and protection of intellectual property.
Medical miracles lengthen our lives and take national welfare provision to the edge of crisis.
Medical miracles start with research.
Medical missions represent a terrific opportunity to give.
Medical mistakes are inevitable when people are so exhausted.
Medical mistakes are more common than once thought, according to a report.
Medical mistakes are responsible for thousands and thousands of cerebral palsy cases.
Medical mistakes can cause cerebral palsy and brain damage.
Medical mistakes can cause cerebral palsy.
Medical models are difficult to prove.
Medical monitoring can improve their quality of life by enabling new levels of independence.
Medical monitoring is especially important for people with a known medical condition.
Medical monitoring poses unique issues to the business community.
Medical monsters can do their dirty work using other methods.
Medical mycology is a fascinating field.
Medical mystique frightens off the most vulnerable and the youngest.
Medical necessities receive the highest consideration.
Medical necessity can vary from carrier to carrier.
Medical necessity determines the appropriate level of billing.
Medical necessity is a complex issue.
Medical necessity is a different story.
Medical necessity is based on the patient's condition at the time of the trip.
Medical necessity is critical factor for payment.
Medical necessity is determined based on the resident's condition at the time of service.
Medical necessity is determined by the primary care physician.
Medical necessity is established for each client on an individual basis.
Medical necessity is the explanation of why skilled treatment is necessary.
Medical necessity is the mother of public policy.
Medical necessity is used for both access and service continuation.
Medical needs are high in Leyte and medical assistance is scarce.
Medical needs are preferred to other dire needs.
Medical needs can arise anywhere, anytime.
Medical neglect can result in poor overall health and compounded medical problems.
Medical neglect is also difficult to study since more than one factor affects medical compliance.
Medical neglect is the outright denial or refusal to provide needed medcial care to a person.
Medical news today articles provide essential information.
Medical news today articles provide information.
Medical news can get confusing.
Medical news is included in television newscasts and newspapers.
Medical nutrition therapy improves outcomes.
Medical observation is indicated.
Medical offices are the worst.
Medical offices submit bills to be paid through the trust only for the surrogate mother.
Many medical offices contain both examination rooms and laboratory facilities on the premises.
Most medical offices have special procedures for releasing medical records.
Some medical offices require it, also.
Medical officers have direct evidence.
Medical officers have evidence.
Medical officers take notes.
Most medical officers have direct evidence.
Most medical officers have evidence.
Most medical officers take notes.
Medical officials agree.
Medical officials get patients' voluntary approval to use the blood products.
Medical officials lament the difficulty in attracting doctors to the area.
Medical officials offer no simple explanation for the region's health problems.
Medical officials remind visitors to wear sunscreen and drink plenty of water throughout the day.
Medical oncologists are internists with training and experience in the treatment of cancer.
Medical oncologists can tailor the proper therapy according to the gene.
Medical oncologists diagnose and treat all types of cancer and other benign and malignant tumors.
Medical oncologists help to develop an individually tailored treatment course.
Medical oncologists provide chemotherapy and other nonradiation and nonsurgical treatments.
Medical oncologists specialize in the use of chemotherapy and other drugs to treat cancer.
Medical oncologists specialize in the use of drugs and chemotherapy to treat cancer.
Medical oncology does relatively well compared to other specialties.
Medical oncology is one of three oncology subspecialties subsumed by clinical oncology.
Medical opinion believes the cause of death to be a heart condition.
Medical opinion does vary.
Medical opinion is divided about the value of circumcision.
Medical opinions vary as to when surgery is advisable.
Most medical opinion says no.
Medical orders establish which physician is in charge of a patient's care.
Medical organizations say Texas is on the brink of a nursing crisis.
Medical oxygen is a prescription drug.
Medical ozone is a mixture of oxygen and ozone which can be used for several medical applications.
Many medical papers focus on medications that can be given to reduce the rate of bone loss.
All medical paperwork is consolidated in the student's original medical record folder.
Medical parking is also available.
Medical parole is exercised at the discretion of the authorities.
Medical patches use specially designed synthetic compounds to go through the skin.
Medical patients are highly motivated to help the doctor be prepared to get favorable results.
Medical patients can access addiction treatment.
Medical patients can discuss the most intimate subjects online without embarrassment.
Medical patients die acutely for many reasons.
Medical patients intermediate.
Medical payments includes passengers.
Medical payments is another part of a policy that is required by most states.
Medical payments is third party coverage.
Medical people feel threatened by that statement.
Medical people know diets for children are damaging and they still advocate diets.
Most medical people agree that circumcision is worthwhile.
Some medical people say steroid use increases injuries.
Medical permits are non-renewable and are issued for a maximum of two months.
Medical permits are valid only in designated medical spaces.
Medical personnel are at risk of exposure due to needle sticks.
Medical personnel are often very busy and tending to several patients while on duty.
Medical personnel are on duty to handle emergencies.
Medical personnel are on hand to supervise the process.
Medical personnel are on staff to attend to students needing medical assistance or therapies.
Medical personnel are present at each camp for immediate, minor medical situations.
Medical personnel are present to monitor the patient s condition throughout the procedure.
Medical personnel can advise regarding the cause and degree of illness.
Medical personnel caring for poisoning victims are also at risk.
Medical personnel check the ehart rate and blood pressure.
Medical personnel collect medical specimens for supporting laboratory analysis and confirmation.
Medical personnel have neither the training nor resources to prevent a terrorist attack.
Medical personnel have the opportunity to volunteer their services in the public hospital.
Medical personnel have the task of taking care of casualties after the event has occurred.
Medical personnel have ultimate authority to remove a participant from the race.
Medical personnel is sent home together with most of the disaster relief units.
Medical personnel keep campers healthy and ready for daily action.
Medical personnel perform three main functions in current practice.
Medical personnel point out that they handle emergencies every day.
Medical personnel provide advanced cardiac care in the ambulance and at the hospital.
Medical personnel provide advice to the commander on possible outcomes from acceptance of risk.
Medical personnel pull a corpse from the still smoking rubble.
Medical personnel stay at the camp for everyone.
Medical personnel treat each case with prompt evaluation and special sensitivity.
Medical personnel use radioisotopes in diagnoses, therapy, and laboratory tests.
Medical personnel wear two hats.
Medical personnel wheel a smoke inhalation victim from the fire.
Medical personnel working in endemic areas are at especially high risk.
Many medical personnel can provide instruction for performing a breast self exam.
Most medical personnel agree that hand washing is one of the best ways to kill germs.
Medical philosophy teaches that the medicine acts on the system.
Medical physicists have doctorates or master's degrees.
Medical physics is one of our most precise health sciences.
Medical plan includes coverage for prescriptions.
Medical plan is included.
Medical plans cover a range of health care services specifically defined by their contract.
Medical plans cover pre-existing conditions.
Medical plans issue subscriber cards, but no cards are issued for dental or vision.
Medical plans work like the now ubiquitous prepaid mobile phone cards.
All medical plans offer the same prescription drug benefits.
All medical plans provide nationwide coverage, some provide overseas coverage.
All medical plans provide prescription drug benefits and promote wellness as part of their benefits.
Many medical plans do, too.
Most medical plans are currently available at no cost to full-time employees.
Some medical plans have a limit on the number of members they can accept.
Medical policy Look for a subheading - Australia or New South Wales where applicable.
Medical practice is a central setting for physical activity advice.
Medical practice is a form of grace, and to diminish it is to desecrate it.
Medical practice is a matter of public theatre in Spectacle .
Medical practice is a team sport.
Medical practice is holistic, treating body, soul, and spirit.
Medical practice is practice
Medical practice is practice.
Medical practices appear to present somewhat of a special case.
Medical practices are no different.
Medical practices can view the card with a magnetic stripe reader or PC software.
Medical practices focus intently on charges, collections, and adjustmentsand rightly so.
Medical practices reflect the cultural values and beliefs of the societies in which they arise.
All medical practices perform studies to fulfill quality assurance requirements.
Most medical practices find something in-between sufficient.
A medical practitioner is a caregiver
Medical practitioners are available for appointments for students and staff during semester.
Medical practitioners are health professionals.
Medical practitioners are in a catch twenty-two.
Medical practitioners believe that acid paints damage wart cells, causing the wart to go away.
Medical practitioners can have an immediate effect on limiting antibiotic resistance.
Medical practitioners focus on sick people.
Medical practitioners have a hard time diagnosing back pain.
Medical practitioners stress the importance of listing behaviours that can be observed and measured.
Medical practitioners submit large volumes of claims to medical schemes on behalf of their patients.
All medical practitioners undergo training initially at medical school to become medical doctors.
Most medical practitioners tend to give low priority to the aged.
Medical praxis involves both clinical practice and research practice.
All medical precautions taken are the decision of each participant.
Medical premiums are automatically tax sheltered.
Medical prescription can never fully fill the demand for drugs.
Medical privacy is a difficult and complex issue.
Medical privacy is difficult terrain for federal lawmakers.
Medical privacy is high on the hit list.
Medical privacy is something belonging to a bygone era.
Medical privacy rules to take effect .
Medical problems are frequently the result of dangerous life styles.
Medical problems are often difficult.
Medical problems are the only acceptable reason for cancellation and a doctor's leter is required.
Medical problems are very responsive to hypnotic work.
Medical problems associated with smoking tobacco are normally the result of long-term use.
Medical problems can also cause sleeplessness.
Medical problems can cause sleeplessness.
Medical problems deserve medical answers and solutions.
Medical problems do occur.
Medical problems include infection.
Medical problems involving the spleen are fairly uncommon.
Medical problems lead to similar symptoms.
Medical problems lead to symptoms.
Medical problems make stimulant use difficult.
Medical problems need immediate treatments.
Medical problems need treatments.
Medical problems require a vet's diagnosis and treatment.
Medical problems require attention.
Medical problems require sale.
Medical problems require written confirmation from the attending .
Medical problems take increasing amounts of their meager funds, transportation needs take more.
Any medical problem can turn up in the emergency room.
Any medical problem can worsen during the last two weeks of the menstrual cycle.
Any medical problem has to be taken to the emergency room.
Many medical problems are empirical.
Many medical problems are of a biochemical nature.
Many medical problems can cause loss of sight.
Many medical problems can have bad breath as a side effect.
Many medical problems show up in the blood and if detected early death can be prevented.
Most medical problems lead to similar symptoms.
Most medical problems lead to symptoms.
Most medical problems relate to poor husbandry and malnutrition.
Most medical problems require attention.
Some medical problems affect men.
Some medical problems are more common in certain breeds.
Some medical problems can occur.
Some medical problems can trigger weight gain.
Some medical problems face dogs.
Some medical problems occur in hamsters.
Some medical problems require regulation of dietary potassium.
Some medical problems run in families.
A medical procedure is a process
Medical procedure can only begin once all testing is completed.
Medical procedure requires that sponges be counted before and after any surgery.
Medical procedures are health care.
Medical procedures are procedures.
Medical procedures can be very scary for children.
Medical procedures can cost hundreds, even thousands of dollars.
Medical procedures intended to restore health can also diminish independence and quality of life.
Medical procedures make visits to the doctor and dentist almost pain-free.
All medical procedures associated with monetary rewards carry that burden.
All medical procedures carry potential risks.
All medical procedures carry some risk.
All medical procedures require the informed consent of the patient.
Any medical procedure has a risk and diagnostic radiography is no exception.
Every medical procedure requires a multitude of components.
Many medical procedures require radioactive isotopes.
Some medical procedures consist of examinations.
Some medical procedures involve manipulation.
Some medical procedures involve radiation.
Medical products are also on that list.
Medical products made of latex include bandages, stethoscopes and latex-cuffed enemas.
Medical products require a broad range of signal processing requirements.
Most medical products have inherent risks associated with their use, some greater than others.
A medical profession is a health profession
Medical profession is a mere commercial avenue here.
All medical professions excel at dealing with specific issues.
Some medical professions wear gloves.
Medical professionals accept the term of non-penetrative sex .
Medical professionals accept the term of non-penetrative sex.
Medical professionals advise drinking lots of water before, during and after any outdoor activity.
Medical professionals advise drinking six glasses of water each day.
Medical professionals agree that in the first months of life, breast milk is best for babies.
Medical professionals agree.
Medical professionals are also available to comment on a variety of specialty topics .
Medical professionals are also welcome.
Medical professionals are often MD's, dentists, optometrists, and others.
Medical professionals are only humans who study in specialized areas.
Medical professionals are responsible for providing a diagnosis and treatment plan.
Medical professionals are the most qualified to provide oversight and direction to their own.
Medical professionals attend seminars and conventions nationwide.
Medical professionals avoid words, too.
Medical professionals avoid words.
Medical professionals can also customize the system using the extensive macro capability.
Medical professionals can also expect better management of imaging data.
Medical professionals can also find residency information from various disciplines.
Medical professionals can compare their own practices to a nationwide sample.
Medical professionals can compare their own practices with a nationwide sample.
Medical professionals can dictate in their own words a patient s symptoms.
Medical professionals can easily share their expertise at adistance.
Medical professionals can obtain that information when needed.
Medical professionals can peruse sites containing information on surgeries, therapies and research.
Medical professionals can teach patients how to check their pulse.
Medical professionals consider asthma a familial illness.
Medical professionals feel that's a dangerous ratio.
Medical professionals follow certain criteria to determine if a person abuses alcohol or drugs.
Medical professionals give the presentations.
Medical professionals have no problem paying taxes on what they collect on their billings.
Medical professionals have obligations regarding proper drug use.
Medical professionals know the value of the partnership with the child's parents.
Medical professionals make home visits if the older person is unable to get out for treatment.
Medical professionals observe facial reactions during physical exams.
Medical professionals provide confirmation and content.
Medical professionals provide free health screenings.
Medical professionals provide service, prescription, and over the counter products.
Medical professionals regard the U.S. as the leader in medical research and development.
Medical professionals say that's nonsense.
Medical professionals see an older person's living conditions.
Medical professionals suggest taking herbs for only short periods.
Medical professionals supervise data collection, and experienced clinicians review it.
Medical professionals use it for reference, patient data management and calculation purposes.
Medical professionals wear uniforms as do public safety professionals.
Medical professionals write and edit all content.
All medical professionals visit our facility and a medical off ice is on campus.
Any medical professional is capable of making a mistake.
Many medical professionals visit as guests to speak about their chosen careers.
Most medical professionals are English-speaking.
Most medical professionals believe that therapy along with medication is the most effective.
Some medical professionals agree that mosh pits are ripe for spinal and head injuries, among others.
Some medical professionals are still skeptical of legalizing marijuana.
Some medical professionals contribute.
Some medical professionals receive licenses by providing phony degrees.
Medical programs treat the most common opportunistic infections using basic essential drugs.
All medical programs are selective admission and each have specific program requirements.
All medical programs have their own information sessions and acceptance policies.
Some medical programs are billable to insurance.
Medical progress based on sound scientific principles is inherently a good thing.
Medical progress comes to the boondocks.
Medical progress is the result of scientific research.
Medical projects involve also close collaboration between the clinicians and the research personnel.
Medical proof is required for any missed exams or quizzes.
Medical properties are dosage-dependent.
Medical protection is one method of reducing poverty among the working poor.
Medical protocols are available to manage patients with higher risk of complications.
Medical protocols are normative descriptions of patient care.
Medical protocols exist in a variety of forms.
Medical provider has the same right to a hearing and award as the claimant.
Medical provider submits identical claims for the same patient in different calendar years.
Medical providers are extremely wary of compounds touted to be muscle-performance enhancers.
Medical providers call the school looking for payment of medical bills.
Medical providers ignore, or respond very slowly to, requests for evidence.
Medical providers steer claimants to attorneys.
Medical provision is thorough and always available.
Medical publications show that gels and patches raise sex hormone binding globulin.
Medical quacks take great pains to cloak their claims in scientific jargon.
Medical qualification is a given when long-term care is required.
Medical questions are quite frequently ethical and religious questions.
Medical questions are to be posted in their appropriate forum found on the bulletin board .
Medical radiologists operate diagnostic equipment such as x-ray devices and MRIs.
Medical reasons can excuse non-compliance with department facial hair regulations.
Medical reception is a great way to break into the medical field.
Medical receptionists are very important to a medical office or hospital.
Medical receptionists to provide services.
Most medical recommendations are to drink none at all.
A medical record is case history
Medical records appear altered with unexplained cross outs, whiteouts, or additions.
Medical records are also confidential.
Medical records are among the items sought in newly issued search warrants.
Medical records are an important measure of the quality of care received by a patient.
Medical records are available to no one except the patient without prior written consent.
Medical records are confidential.
Medical records are currently subject to tight restrictions on their release and distribution.
Medical records are instruments of considerable power.
Medical records are legal documents.
Medical records are located in doctors.
Medical records are often the only source of truth.
Medical records are one of the most important facets of a practice.
Medical records are private property and their release violates state and federal laws.
Medical records are privileged communication and strict policies protect confidentiality.
Medical records are sensitive information.
Medical records are strictly confidential and are seen only by the staff.
Medical records are strictly confidential.
Medical records are subject to subpoena.
Medical records are the first thing a doctor turns to when a new patient is admitted for treatment.
Medical records are the key to winning appeals, arbitrations and lawsuits.
Medical records are the life history of the sick, the unfortunate, the desperate.
Medical records are the place to start.
Medical records are very confidential.
Medical records are, by law, confidential documents.
Medical records can be a claim attachment and are frequently acquired separately from the claim.
Medical records can be important evidence in criminal or civil court cases.
Medical records can be important in court cases.
Medical records can provide an interesting glimpse into our relations' lives.
Medical records consist of pre-fab reports.
Medical records describe the claimant as very or extremely thin.
Medical records documenting the office visit as a separate service are crucial.
Medical records experience a plus.
Medical records have the same pattern of widespread use.
Medical records held by a federal or state agency are also obtainable.
Medical records librarian.
Medical records pose particular security problems.
Medical records present special confidentiality requirements.
Medical records receive surprisingly little federal protection.
Medical records reveal multiple visits and admissions.
Medical records reveal that the defendant has the disease.
Medical records review.
Medical records show different handwriting on same dates of service.
Medical records show different ink on same dates of service.
Medical records show that pensioners require more health treatments than other age-groups .
Medical records show women are more likely to die from heart disease.
All medical records are absolutely confidential.
All medical records are confidential .
All medical records are confidential, subject to certain permitted disclosures.
All medical records are confidential.
All medical records are strictly confidential.
Some medical records contain the personal information of more than one individual.
Medical referees are often retired doctors who act for the crematorium on a part-time basis.
Medical reference dictionaries.
Medical References have a vast number of nutrition-related references.
Medical referrals are mandatory.
Medical registration is required.
Medical rehabilitation tends to conceptualize recovery more in terms of function than pathology.
Medical reimbursement is based upon the use of several components.
Medical releases are important and can be helpful.
Medical relevance is emphasized throughout.
Medical removal is a provision of some standards, such as lead and benz e ne.
A medical report is a report
Medical reports are prepared and reviewed by the examining physician.
Medical reports are records which have been generated because a patient has been treated.
Medical reports are reports.
Medical reports indicate inconsistent versions of the accident.
Medical reports make headlines in newspapers, in magazines, and on the nightly news.
Medical reports released throughout the past decade show how detrimental overworking can be.
Medical reports reveal that the beard protects the tonsils from sunstroke.
Medical reports tell of multiple blows to the head and throat areas.
Most medical reports are very enthusiastic about creatines usage.
All medical requests expire at the close of the school year.
Medical requirements apply.
Medical requirements are different as well.
Medical requirements are the same for both programs.
Medical research appears to have been another motivation for the voyages.
Medical research can create new, high technology jobs with lasting economic benefits to our state.
Medical research claims that maternal drug use can cause a wide range of symptoms.
Medical research continues to confirm that diet is an important part of overall health.
Medical research continues to find that dietary lifestyle influences health in many ways.
Medical research continues to search for effective, fast-acting treatments with fewer side effects.
Medical research continues.
Medical research demonstrates the utility and safety of opioid use for otherwise untreatable pain.
Medical research focuses on finding better ways to diagnose and treat illness.
Medical research funded by manufacturers of the product being researched is utterly corrupt.
Medical research has and continues to show the ill effects of cigarette smoke on the smoker.
Medical research has bigger eggs to fry.
Medical research has the power of favorable public opinion.
Medical research holds the key to better prevention and treatment even a cure.
Medical research holds the possibility of commuting that sentence, or reversing it.
Medical research indicates that cancer risk increases when our diet lacks beta-carotene.
Medical research indicates the therapeutic effect comes from the high intensity of light.
Medical research is a cooperative enterprise among physicians, scientists and families.
Medical research is a funny animal that way.
Medical research is a lengthy, highly risky and expensive process with no certainties.
Medical research is a worthwhile goal.
Medical research is an election year crowd pleaser.
Medical research is an invaluable weapon in the battle against disease.
Medical research is another top priority.
Medical research is at a crossroads.
Medical research is conducted in many ways.
Medical research is embedded in the fabric of science and engineering.
Medical research is expensive and can be time consuming if mistakes are made in the early stages.
Medical research is left to universities in most cases.
Medical research is often one of the goals of our students.
Medical research is our hope for our children and for the building of a healthy America.
Medical research is still more a game of pool than billiards.
Medical research is supplemented by the coding and analysis of patients and disease cat-egories.
Medical research is supposed to be carried out for the good of ALL humanity.
Medical research is the only way that testing can be done.
Medical research needs drugs that treat disease after symptoms become apparent.
Medical research proves statins save lives.
Medical research proves that pacifiers are soothing oral substitutes.
Medical research proves that preventive health care is both effective and cost-efficient.
Medical research proves that sucking is soothing.
Medical research reflects the high cost of lesbian invisibility.
Medical research relies heavily on classical statistics to analyze research data.
Medical research seems to be in two main areas.
Medical research shows certain nutrients and minerals to be effective in preventing cancer.
Medical research shows problems with taking too many vitamins.
Medical research shows that certain nutrients and minerals help prevent cancer.
Medical research shows that regular workouts alleviate hot flashes and other symptoms.
Medical research shows that toxic air pollution is linked to cancer, chronic bronchitis, and asthma.
Medical research shows the importance of strength training.
Medical research shows the positive effect of labor support doulas in the birth setting.
Medical research suggests that positive mental imagery can promote healing.
Medical research surpasses every other source of rising living standards in our time.
Medical research takes a huge amount of effort, time, commitment.
All medical research is supervised by an ethics committee.
More medical research relates to men s lives than to women s lives.
Most medical research begins with studies in test tubes and in animals.
Most medical research conducted so far shows that calcium combats osteoporosis.
Medical researchers acknowledge it's an unusual public health message.
Medical researchers apply the scientific method.
Medical researchers are committed to reducing or replacing the use of animals.
Medical researchers are furious.
Medical researchers are increasingly nervous about antibiotic resistance.
Medical researchers are people.
Medical researchers are researchers.
Medical researchers are still unsure what causes the condition.
Medical researchers concoct a drug that cures the common cold.
Medical researchers contend that no disease ever identified has been completely eradicated.
Medical researchers continue to find better ways to treat breast cancer.
Medical researchers deserve more than the propagation of perceptions of truth.
Medical researchers emphasize that reducing the total amount of fat and saturated fat is important.
Medical researchers find that computer monitors cause cancer.
Medical researchers hold stock in the companies whose products they are testing.
Medical researchers identify antibiotic compounds.
Medical researchers identify compounds.
Medical researchers keep detailed records on patients, treatments, and outcomes.
Medical researchers make mice do it first.
Medical researchers realize the importance of using high-quality laboratory animals.
Medical researchers round out their antipollution prescriptions with the mineral selenium .
Medical researchers say our diets and our genes are the major nonsmoking cancer sources.
Medical researchers say the smaller the infant, the bigger the adult.
Medical researchers speculate that several factors, possibly working together, are responsible.
Medical researchers use frogs to test new drugs, and students dissect frogs to learn about anatomy.
Medical researchers use it to view complex anatomical models from many miles away.
Medical researchers use radioactive isotopes from nuke plants for diagnosing and treating cancer.
Medical researchers use the information to compare illness and disease rates.
Medical researchers worry about doses, responses, and probabilities of disease occurrence.
Most medical researchers believe that bipolar disorder is genetic.
Most medical researchers identify antibiotic compounds.
Most medical researchers identify compounds.
Some medical researchers believe that the answers can be found in the red wine they drink.
Some medical researchers develop versions.
Some medical researchers suspect environmental factors have contributed to the high numbers.
Medical residencies provide specialty training and typically last from three to seven years.
Medical residents pay for their training by accepting lower wages.
Medical residents play a vital role in our nations health care system.
Medical resources are minimal.
Medical response comes from the federal nursing station based in the area.
Medical response is based on the community health worker.
Medical response is from the federal nursing station with six beds and staffed by three nurses.
Medical responses run the gamut from noninvasive to highly invasive.
Medical review officers have direct evidence.
Medical review officers have evidence.
Medical reviews are articles which discuss a body of research on a subject.
Medical rides are a priority.
Medical risk is low, but personal risk to patients is high.
Medical risk is minimized by selecting very healthy individuals as astronauts.
Some medical robots lend more than a helping hand-they lend an arm or two.
Medical sales are reportedly mixed, while markets for textiles and paper remain quite flat.
Some medical sales background a plus.
Some medical salespeople burn up the phone lines instead of pounding the pavement.
Medical savings accounts for state employees.
Medical savings accounts.
A medical school is a graduate school
Medical school can be an exciting and challenging time for students.
Medical school can be very expensive.
Medical school can wait.
Medical school consists of classroom lectures and hands on learning in hospitals and clinics.
Medical school cultivate intelligent, active, innovative skills.
Medical school diplomas aren t cheap.
Medical school includes four years of training and a hospital internship for one or two years.
Medical school is a big jump from college.
Medical school is a constant challenge.
Medical school is a different story.
Medical school is a liability in becoming a psycho therapist.
Medical school is a long, hard, arduous task, and they ve got to have their batteries charged.
Medical school is a popular choice among life science graduates.
Medical school is a schizophrenic experience.
Medical school is a wonderful experience.
Medical school is already a big enough change.
Medical school is another four years of study.
Medical school is begun the following year.
Medical school is but the beginning of a continuing process.
Medical school is completely different than college.
Medical school is different than undergraduate.
Medical school is expensive and so is the application process.
Medical school is expensive, and a medical education takes many years.
Medical school is expensive.
Medical school is extremely demanding, but it can be done with children.
Medical school is extremely demanding.
Medical school is filled with stress, anxiety and uncertainty.
Medical school is hard work.
Medical school is highly stresful.
Medical school is one more revolution fought for art and philosophy.
Medical school is seriously hard work.
Medical school is stressful as is the work of a physician.
Medical school is stressful for most students.
Medical school is supposed to be difficult.
Medical school is the next step, with a more specialized course of general medicine classes.
Medical school is tough.
Medical school is, quite frankly, a nightmare.
Medical school manages to take the fun out of everything.
Medical school provides skills and knowledge to diagnose and treat individual patients.
Medical school represents a substantial financial investment.
Medical school requires a select set of courses for admissions.
Medical school retirees annual luncheon.
Medical school seems an unlikely place to confront the past.
Medical school takes four years, followed by a four year internship and residence requirement.
Medical school takes four years.
Medical schools accept students from all majors from liberal arts to music.
Medical schools admit students once a year for the entering class which starts in the fall.
Medical schools are also able to generate money from doctors who practice while they instruct.
Medical schools are among the subcultures where foosball has flourished.
Medical schools are an oddity in academe.
Medical schools are at the forefront of the increasing wave of medical women.
Medical schools are committed to their students and their education.
Medical schools are complex businesses.
Medical schools are concerned with the overall quality and scope of undergraduate work.
Medical schools are facilities.
Medical schools are graduate schools.
Medical schools are highly competitive.
Medical schools are in no way biased against later application.
Medical schools are interested in liberal arts graduates.
Medical schools are less willing.
Medical schools are like people and have a real personality.
Medical schools are medical schools.
Medical schools are most concerned with the overall quality and scope of undergraduate work.
Medical schools are notorious for forcing interns to go without sleep.
Medical schools are too expensive.
Medical schools are world class, specially public universities.
Medical schools can indeed produce family physicians.
Medical schools differ in emphasis placed on research.
Medical schools discount poor grades early on.
Medical schools do shut down.
Medical schools do, however, seek individuals who are well-rounded academically.
Medical schools emphasize scientific diagnosis and treatment and understanding of research.
Medical schools encourage prospective applicants to obtain a broad undergraduate education.
Medical schools expect their applicants to have experience in a medical setting.
Medical schools have a limited number of spots to offer.
Medical schools have an obligation to society.
Medical schools have no preference for certain majors over others.
Medical schools have nutrition.
Medical schools have room for different kinds of people.
Medical schools know that our graduates rank with the best of the nation's future physicians.
Medical schools like to see a good mix between humanities, social sciences, and science courses.
Medical schools like to see a strong, lengthy relation.
Medical schools list specific courses only.
Medical schools look for quality in an undergraduate curriculum.
Medical schools look for very specific qualities in the applicants.
Medical schools look for well-rounded individuals who have demonstrated that they care about others.
Medical schools look upon test retakes in different ways.
Medical schools look very carefully at both sets of grades.
Medical schools look very favorably on chemistry majors seeking admission to medical school.
Medical schools offer course work, clinical experience, and specialties in ophthalmology.
Medical schools offer courses on the healing power of faith.
Medical schools pay very little attention to the study of folk medicines.
Medical schools prefer applicants who also have a good background in liberal arts and humanities.
Medical schools recognize our courses, and understand their rigor.
Medical schools recognize the value of a liberal arts education.
Medical schools recommend an appropriate bachelor's degree for entrance.
Medical schools report fewer applicants which means fewer doctors.
Medical schools require coursework in basic sciences with a major in an y field.
Medical schools seek to admit students with diverse educational backgrounds.
Medical schools seek well-rounded applicants.
Medical schools study effects.
Medical schools teach students.
Medical schools train doctors to think of death as the enemy.
Medical schools train professionals to treat diseases instead of studying their causes.
Medical schools train rather than educate, with wholeness regarded as unprofessional and shameful.
Medical schools use younger bodies while the older ones are sold to physical therapy programs.
Medical schools value a broad undergraduate experience.
Medical schools value a well-rounded and broad curriculum.
Medical schools vary in their admission standards.
All medical schools accept our forms.
All medical schools prefer applicants that have some exposure to or work in a health care field.
All medical schools share certain basic requirements for admission.
Any medical school is expensive.
Every medical school has unique characteristics, a distinctive personality, goals for the future.
Every medical school is associated with a medical library.
Every medical school needs an organization, which addresses humanism in medicine.
Many medical schools devote very little attention to geriatric medicine.
Many medical schools have community health vans.
Many medical schools have funds set aside to help support student activities.
Many medical schools have their elective catalogs on-line.
Many medical schools have Web pages.
Many medical schools prefer at least one writing course.
Many medical schools recommend additional science courses beyond the minimum requirements.
Many medical schools require a minimum number of courses in the humanites and social sciences.
Many medical schools require one upper division biology course beyond the one-year core sequence.
Many medical schools require one year of English.
Many medical schools specify an English requirement.
More medical schools integrate computer proficiency into their curricula.
Most medical schools are in agreement as to the general pre-medical required coursework.
Most medical schools are in large cities.
Most medical schools continue to encourage applications from minorities.
Most medical schools devote little or no time to pain assessment and management.
Most medical schools encourage the use of computers in various ways.
Most medical schools give preference to students with bachelor's degrees in academic subjects.
Most medical schools have nutrition.
Most medical schools have similar pre-professional course requirements.
Most medical schools have some funds available to assist student organizations.
Most medical schools like to see some time in between college and application for medical school.
Most medical schools look favorably on volunteer experiences.
Most medical schools look for three letters of recommendation.
Most medical schools pay for nearby transportation as well as embalming and final disposition.
Most medical schools provide less than one hour of training on sleep disorders.
Most medical schools publish financial aid handbooks.
Most medical schools rely solely on lectures for the first two years.
Most medical schools require a full academic year of organic chemistry.
Most medical schools require a personal interview as part of the final admissions process.
Most medical schools require a personal interview before an admission decision is made.
Most medical schools require a year of biology taken in college.
Most medical schools require one year of biology with laboratory.
Most medical schools require one year of biology.
Most medical schools require students to have health insurance from some source.
Most medical schools require students to take two semesters of biology, with lab, in college.
Most medical schools require that certain basic courses be completed before entering medical school.
Most medical schools teach students.
Some medical schools accept applications directly from students.
Some medical schools do, however.
Some medical schools focus more on academic factors and others focus on non-academic factors.
Some medical schools have additional requirements.
Some medical schools require a donor register before death.
Some medical schools require additional courses.
Some medical schools require calculus and many recommend an upper-division course in biochemistry.
Some medical schools require calculus.
Some medical schools require Calculus.
Some medical schools require classes in behavioral and social sciences.
Some medical schools require secondary applications.
Some medical schools require specific science courses while others have few specific requirements.
Some medical schools require three courses in English with emphasis on composition.
Some medical schools require up to a year of college mathematics.
Some medical schools specify additional courses as part of the minimal preparation for admission.
Some medical schools stipulate additional calculus courses.
Some medical schools teach only one subject at a time.
Some medical schools use an organ-based approach.
Some medical schools use numbers more than letters of recommendation for the first cut.
A medical science is a life science
Medical science agrees.
Medical science are life science.
Medical science are scientific discipline.
Medical science believes that the left half of the brain predominates over the right half.
Medical science can do only so much.
Medical science can heal many of the same diseases magic is helpless to heal.
Medical science confirms common sense.
Medical science continues to be a growing source of good, respected careers.
Medical science continues to yield new treatments, new drugs and new hope in many areas.
Medical science deal with evidence.
Medical science describes the different types of eczemas according to their causes and the symptoms.
Medical science evolves and advances constantly, and some medical details go out of date rapidly.
Medical science generates new discoveries everyday about what causes cancer and how to treat it.
Medical science happens primarily in two forums - the academic and the corporate.
Medical science has little to offer for either condition.
Medical science has no idea how to cure or even slow it.
Medical science has no way to transplant whole eyes.
Medical science has prolonged life without considering the consequences of living longer.
Medical science has the means.
Medical science has yet to create such a pill.
Medical science has yet to prove that anyone has ever died from a broken heart.
Medical science has yet to prove that in human populations.
Medical science is a moving target.
Medical science is a wonderful thing, however.
Medical science is advanced through incremental innovation.
Medical science is an even stranger business.
Medical science is an evolutionary process.
Medical science is completely different.
Medical science is content with the normal human body, and only seeks to restore it.
Medical science is far from scientific and mistakes are made.
Medical science is on the verge of making monumental strides.
Medical science is one field where innovations are happening everyday.
Medical science is poised for a breakthrough.
Medical science is very capable of relieving pain in the terminally ill.
Medical science is virtually never that clear cut.
Medical science limits itself to what is physical, observable and replicable.
Medical science offers no cure.
Medical science offers no ironclad explanation.
Medical science permits man to live, and reproduce, to a great age.
Medical science progresses as new methods replace less effective ones.
Medical science promises most people a good quality of life for decades after retirement.
Medical science provides good examples.
Medical science recognizes that uranium at high doses can cause kidney damage.
Medical science rejects such an assumption.
Medical science says no gadget can possibly diagnose such a wide assortment of body functions.
Medical science says yes.
Medical science states that regular alcohol consumption reduces the risk of heart attacks.
Medical science suffers from a lack of clinical trials.
Medical science takes a different view.
Medical science takes eight months or more to create a vaccine once a new strain appears.
Medical science use knowledge.
Medical science use medical knowledge.
Medical science use natural substances.
Medical science use substances.
Medical sciences are especially popular among both women and men students.
Medical sciences review .
Most medical science use medical knowledge.
Most medical science use natural substances.
A medical scientist is a scientist
Medical scientists analyze trials.
Medical scientists are scientists.
Medical scientists are to be forced to carry out research into women s health.
Medical scientists become scientists.
Medical scientists can use sound waves to see inside the body.
Medical scientists conduct experiments.
Medical scientists continue education.
Medical scientists develop experiments.
Medical scientists discover health.
Medical scientists dispute claims for other ailments.
Medical scientists do know.
Medical scientists do research both to develop new treatments and to try to prevent health problems.
Medical scientists have only limited knowledge about the causes of fibromyalgia.
Medical scientists have trouble agreeing on what stress is.
Medical scientists identify changes in cells and organisms.
Medical scientists investigate interest.
Medical scientists investigate own interest.
Medical scientists look for ways.
Medical scientists pursue degrees.
Medical scientists specialize in areas.
Medical scientists specialize in fields.
Medical scientists study causes.
Medical scientists study the causes of diseases and other health problems.
Medical scientists survey various strains of influenza and their progression around the world.
Medical scientists use expertise.
Medical scientists use statistical techniques.
Medical scientists use techniques.
Medical scientists work in industries.
Medical scientists work in laboratories.
Medical scientists work in private industries.
Many medical scientists form hypotheses and develop experiments, with little supervision.
Most medical scientists analyze trials.
Most medical scientists become scientists.
Most medical scientists conduct experiments.
Most medical scientists continue education.
Most medical scientists develop experiments.
Most medical scientists discover health.
Most medical scientists investigate interest.
Most medical scientists investigate own interest.
Most medical scientists look for ways.
Most medical scientists pursue degrees.
Most medical scientists specialize in areas.
Most medical scientists specialize in fields.
Most medical scientists use expertise.
Most medical scientists use statistical techniques.
Most medical scientists use techniques.
Most medical scientists work in industries.
Most medical scientists work in laboratories.
Most medical scientists work in private industries.
Some medical scientists have medical degrees.
Some medical scientists work in offices.
Some medical scientists work with physicians.
Medical secretaries are another type of specialized secretary.
Medical secretaries are located in dentists.
Medical secretaries are responsible for front office duties.
Medical secretaries comprise another type of specialized secretary.
Medical secretaries help doctors keep track of patients.
Medical secretaries listen to reports that doctors have dictated onto tape.
Medical secretaries perform a variety of clerical tasks in the office.
Medical secretaries perform many of the same tasks as other secretaries .
Medical secretaries to handle administrative tasks.
Medical secretaries to handle tasks.
Medical secretaries work at centers.
Most medical secretaries work at centers.
Some medical secretaries train in specific areas of medicine.
Medical service is available at our hospital, clinic, and other wellness providers.
Medical service is free to all citizens.
Medical service is quite good.
Medical services are a major growth industry.
Medical services are abominable, but far worse in the country.
Medical services are almost always demand driven.
Medical services are always available with a physician located nearby.
Medical services are available and provided.
Medical services are available at the clinic adjacent to the lodge.
Medical services are available from hospitals, doctors and other health care providers.
Medical services are available in all towns at government run hospitals and private clinics.
Medical services are available in the clinical center and on site.
Medical services are available in the summer, though the hours vary from the regular school year.
Medical services are available only to students, faculty and staff members.
Medical services are available throughout the area.
Medical services are available, too.
Medical services are available.
Medical services are confidential.
Medical services are excellent and include some renowned specialists.
Medical services are excellent and several hospitals can provide the best quality care.
Medical services are free for the elderly.
Medical services are limited and medicines difficult to obtain.
Medical services are of an exceptionally high standard in South Africa.
Medical services are on call.
Medical services are organized to provide primary, secondary and certain forms of tertiary care.
Medical services are particularly inadequate in the countryside.
Medical services are provided free of charge.
Medical services are readily available at local clinics and hospitals.
Medical services are remote from the quarries.
Medical services can be difficult to access as well.
Medical services commensurate with the needs of the patient.
Medical services ease dancers' pain .
Medical services have fees attached.
Medical services is something they want to leave to the transnational corporations.
All medical services are completely confidential.
All medical services are confidential.
All medical services are strictly confidential.
All medical services continue to be supplied by the country's four health care organizations.
Most medical services are at no charge to students.
Most medical services are available right here in our own area.
Some medical services have cost involved, depending on the financial status of the client.
Medical shows created in the past few years have at least some female doctors.
Medical sites are excellent information channels because they contain archived articles.
Medical sites has links to some of the major medical areas on the world wide web.
Medical sites offer documentation for almost any new word.
Medical societies ask to be dismissed on grounds of free speech.
Medical societies increase Internet presence.
Medical societies provide services to their members on the Web.
Medical societies say the hospital's rationale for denying privileges is wrong.
Medical sociologists recognize attitudinal and organizational barriers to health care.
Medical sociology is an important subdiscipline.
A medical specialist is a doctor
Medical specialists are pleased to locate here, and have done so successfully in the last decade.
Medical specialists confirm the results.
Medical specialists consult as needed.
Medical specialists diagnose and monitor the problem in a variety of ways.
Medical specialists do find persuasion is an important weapon is getting the user off the drug.
Medical specialists point out that it is never too late to kick the habit.
Medical specialists prefer the other ethical code.
Medical specialists prefer to withdraw familiar technologies when discontinuing life support.
Medical specialists provide expertise in the widest range of pediatric fields.
Most medical specialists agree that working within limitations can help an employee recover faster.
Medical specialization requires additional study, internship and certification.
Medical specialty boards meet requirements.
A medical specialty is a medical science
All medical specialties are well represented by hospital staff and associated physicians.
Every medical specialty is represented.
Most medical spouses are concerned about the issues facing medicine.
Medical stabilization is required prior to admission.
Medical staff are available at the units for basic medical, dental, and psychiatric care.
Medical staff are available for medical counseling and treatments.
Medical staff are the only friendly faces they see,'' says one.
Medical staff can call the patient and head off the problem.
Medical staff consists of a doctor and three registered nurses that live on the property.
Medical staff evaluate each potential donor to determine organ health and viability.
Medical staff examine the prisoner.
Medical staff includes a licensed pediatric neurologist and a registered nurse.
Medical staff includes a part-time psychiatrist.
Medical staff includes family practice physicians, general surgeons and visiting specialists.
Medical staff includes pulmonologists, neurologists, and local ear, nose and throat specialists.
Medical staff is available to distribute chemotherapy and other medications as needed.
Medical staff is available.
Medical staff is on site during the training camp and tournament.
Medical staff is on site throughout the entire session.
Medical staff is on-site throughout the entire session.
Medical staff is paid more than in Canada.
Medical staff is restricted licensed physicians qualified in their specialty.
Medical staff moving from patient to patient can spread germs by a number of vectors.
Medical staff numbers one hundred.
Medical staff oversee the inmate-patient's clinical treatment.
Medical staff play an active role in patient education, disease prevention and health promotion.
Medical staff provide best possible care.
Medical staff provide care.
Medical staff provides medical services to Medina and Valley City, North Dakota clinic locations.
Medical staff tests one of the vials immediately, while freezing the other for later testing.
Medical staff treat drug use details of patients as confidential if requested to do so.
All medical staff live in staff accommodations.
Most medical staff provide best possible care.
Some medical staff begin treatments.
Medical standards is a new concept for the majority of eye banks.
A medical student is a student
Medical student electives Medical students who are interested in clinical electives are welcome.
Medical student wants apartment near hospital .
Medical students are adult learners who differ in their individual needs, interests, and maturity.
Medical students are adults who learn new attitudes and skills by emulation of their faculty.
Medical students are also available to help with research projects.
Medical students are also eligible for support in their third year of study.
Medical students are automatic members, through payment of a student fee.
Medical students are eligible for funding either in their third or final year of study.
Medical students are in a remarkably useful position regarding sex education.
Medical students are just as interested in earning a comfortable living as anyone else.
Medical students are located in medical schools.
Medical students are medics.
Medical students are members of the medical community.
Medical students are now online also.
Medical Students Are People, Too.
Medical students are predominantly responsible to the chief resident during patient care duties.
Medical students are students.
Medical students are very vulnerable and insecure.
Medical students are welcome for rotations or internships.
Medical students are welcome to attend most scheduled programs.
Medical students are welcome to join free of charge.
Medical students are welcome to register on site.
Medical students are welcome to take one month electives in medical toxicology as well.
Medical students begin to explore the realm of near death experiences, hoping for insights.
Medical students benefit from the expanded educational opportunities that result from the alliance.
Medical students can be extremely effective members of IRBs.
Medical students can become involved in any of the more than twenty active research projects.
Medical students can live on-campus in either the residence halls or in apartments.
Medical students can normally gain entry as a student.
Medical students can now pertorm their first surgeries virtually.
Medical students can provide health and hygiene seminars to youth at the local shelter.
Medical students can reach their own diagnoses.
Medical students can serve as primary applicants if a faculty co-applicant is listed.
Medical students can sign-up in their first and second years to act as initial health screeners.
Medical students can spot a neurology professor a ward away.
Medical students can start writing their doctoral thesis during the degree course.
Medical students come from the pool of the most effective premeds.
Medical students do presentation.
Medical students do spend electives on paediatric neurosurgery but on an intermittent basis.
Medical students earn higher grades if they have a clear vision of themselves as successful doctors.
Medical students explore death by stopping their vital signs for minutes, then coming back to life.
Medical students follow a standard curriculum, with only a few opportunities for choice.
Medical students function as integral members of the adult neurology ward and consult services.
Medical students get perfect matches .
Medical students get virtually no training in pain management in Canadian medical schools.
Medical students have a unique opportunity to benefit.
Medical students have a wide variety of housing options from which to choose.
Medical students have additional requirements.
Medical students have the right to appeal a promotion decision.
Medical students have to struggle for years before getting established and cashing in.
Medical students have to treat real live patients at hospitals.
Medical students incur huge debt to finance their education.
Medical students induce near-death experiences to investigate the afterlife.
Medical students learn about fungal and yeast problems, but only in a limited way.
Medical students love it.
Medical students mentor high school students interested in science.
Medical students participate in department activities on a variety of rotations.
Medical students participate in residency lectures, grand rounds and weekly conference series.
Medical students participate in surgical clinical rounds and in surgical grand rounds.
Medical students participate in the program during their summer break.
Medical students perform .
Medical students play an active part in the patient care delivered by preceptors.
Medical students provide much-needed medical attention to the residents of the South Park Inn.
Medical students raise the funds for the project throughout the year.
Medical students receive core lectures in urology and a two-week clerkship during their third year.
Medical students receive lectures and clinical experience as part of their education.
Medical students receive virtually no instruction in basic sleep science during their training.
Medical students review book series with questions, explanations and illustrations.
Medical students rotate as part of their core elective.
Medical students rotate both during required third year rotations and for elective rotations .
Medical students rotate on neurology through the year and interact closely with the residents.
Medical students rotate through each clinic.
Medical students seem reconciled to the new order.
Medical students speak the truth on health issues to local high school students.
Medical students spend only two years in a classroom learning anatomy, biochemistry, etc.
Medical students spend two weeks a year for four consecutive years in a country community.
Medical students start out knowing a lot more than students a generation ago.
Medical students study their anatomy.
Medical students take short courses in the department from time to time.
Medical students take the role of body donations very seriously and respectfully.
Medical students taking fourth-year electives often rotate through Beth Israel's urology service.
Medical students teach the health hazards of drugs to adolescents.
Medical students tend to rely heavily on loans to help finance their education.
Medical students underreport patient encounters in clerkship logbooks.
Medical students use a variety of learning resources in their classes.
Medical students vary in their experience using computers, and physicians vary even more.
Medical students volunteer their time.
Medical students wear short white lab coats with a blue patch on the sleeve.
Medical students work as a team with residents and attending physicians.
Medical students work as assistants.
All medical students are automatically pre-subscribed to a class electronic mailing list.
All medical students are strongly encouraged to receive annual immunization against influenza.
All medical students are welcome to attend.
All medical students are welcome.
All medical students rotating in psychiatry attend consult-team rounds twice each week.
Any medical student has the opp ortunity to get involved with the programs.
Many medical students choose to live in off-campus housing.
Many medical students choose to live in the Murray Hill area.
Many medical students choose to specialize in a field such as surgery or pediatrics.
Many medical students welcome the opportunity to have a more reflective learning experience.
Most medical students come out of school with a huge debt on their backs.
Most medical students do manage a healthy interest in non-academic pursuits.
Most medical students do presentation.
Most medical students have little background in neuroanatomy before their medical school course.
Most medical students have to rely very heavily on student loans.
Most medical students look up to role models early in their clinical years.
Most medical students love free food.
Most medical students wonder why a course in human behavior is included in the medical curriculum.
Most medical students work as assistants.
Some medical students become women.
Some medical students choose to combine their clinical interests with special research projects.
Some medical students dream of becoming world-famous surgeons or finding a cure for cancer.
Some medical students end up missing lectures because they fall behind in their studies.
Some medical students follow advice.
Some medical students hold skulls.
Medical studies indicate no increased risk of breast cancer with hormone replacement therapy.
Medical studies indicate that estrogen is a natural protector from heart disease.
Medical studies show damaging effects of long-term noise.
Medical studies show gardens can have a therapeutic value.
Medical studies show it can cause asthmatics to convulse and die.
Medical studies show no evidence of ozone causing cancer or lung allergies or harming the unborn.
Medical studies show that stress plays an important role in several immune-mediated illnesses.
Medical studies show that too much bed rest actually prolongs recovery.
Medical studies show therapeutic benefits for patients with anxiety disorders.
Medical studies support both chondroitin and glucosamine sulfate supplements.
Medical study documents the amazing power of nature's discovery to fight memory loss.
Most medical studies have control groups that get placebos.
Some medical studies seem to promise miracle cures, and others conflict with one another.
Medical suites are still available.
Medical supervision is advisable to be certain that the corrective process is done properly.
Medical supervision is advised for pregnant or lactating mothers and young children.
Medical supervision is advised.
Medical supervision is definitely essential.
Medical supervision is essential.
Medical supervision is necessary.
Medical supervision is provided by four physicians who are all board-certified in neonatology.
Medical supervision is prudent.
Medical supervision is required for all methods harsher than the use of soap and water.
Medical supervision is usually necessary to treat coincidental medical problems.
Medical supplies are critically low, disease is rampant and food and water are quickly running out.
Medical supplies are either new or unused.
Medical supplies are largely unavailable and the city is without adequate water or electricity.
Medical supplies are scarce.
Medical supplies are short and their distribution uneven.
Medical supplies description Thousand crash alongside one medical supplies.
Medical support awaits at a major hospital less than a mile away.
Medical support includes an occupational health nurse with some expertise in psychiatry.
Medical support is available at each aid station.
Medical support is eligible for collection if a dollar amount is established by a court order.
Medical support is eligible if a dollar amount is established in a court order.
Medical support is indicated for work under primitive conditions and for work in tropical countries.
Medical support is right on hand.
Medical support is unlawful or inconsistent with an administrative or court order.
Medical support provides for children s health care needs.
Medical surgery is one, lighting cigars is another.
Medical surveillance is essential for effective program evaluation.
Medical surveillance is necessary at the arrival point regardless of the route.
Medical surveillance is part of risk management.
Medical symbols is the Guinea worm.
Medical systems require display and annotation of images.
Medical tapes are available in white or flesh.
Medical team calls time out, stops the clock and pulls into a huddle.
Medical teams are available for the residents and all health needs are at present being met.
Medical teams are worried about the risks to children in particular.
Medical teams bring their own medical supplies for the duration of their time in Russia.
Medical teams can use some non-medical persons.
Medical teams do great jobs.
Medical teams do jobs.
Medical teams help sort and treat mass casualties and assist in initial evacuations.
Medical teams keep busy recording the astronauts' pulse and blood pressure.
Medical teams know what they'll do if something goes wrong during a procedure.
Medical teams make regular visits.
Medical teams set up clinics in rural areas and work in existing Methodist hospitals.
Medical teams travel to villages where churches have been planted.
Most medical teams do great jobs.
Most medical teams do jobs.
Medical technicians go to college for two years.
Medical technicians take blood samples and prep the samples for transportation and analysis.
Medical technologists are essential members of the health care team in the clinical laboratory.
Medical technologists are important members of a clinical laboratory.
Medical technologists are problem-solvers who like challenge and who work well under pressure.
Medical technologists are self-sufficient, precise and thorough.
Medical technologists are self-sufficient, precise, and thorough.
Medical technologists are trained laboratory leaders.
Medical technologists assume responsibility for, and are held accountable for, accurate results.
Medical technologists can be teachers, supervisors or researchers.
Medical technologists do complex tests.
Medical technologists find challenging employment in a variety of laboratory settings.
Medical technologists make a vital contribution to health care.
Medical technologists perform laboratory tests necessary for diagnosis and treatment of disease.
Medical technologists play an important role in patient care.
Medical technologists work in many areas of the profession, with a variety of responsibilities.
Medical technologists work quickly and accurately.
Medical technologists work quickly and carefully.
Many medical technologists put their skills to work in hospital laboratories.
Many medical technologists work as generalists in all areas of the laboratory.
Most medical technologists work in hospital laboratories and have little patient contact.
Most medical technologists work in hospital laboratories.
Most medical technologists work in laboratories.
Some medical technologists continue as generalists working in all areas of the laboratory.
Some medical technologists supervise laboratory technicians.
Some medical technologists supervise medical laboratory technicians.
Medical technology advances almost daily.
Medical technology allows doctors to resuscitate more clinically dead patients than ever.
Medical technology can be barren of mystery.
Medical technology can now deliver a more precise electron beam to the cancerous area.
Medical technology changes continually.
Medical technology combines the challenges and rewards of medicine and science.
Medical technology continues to advance at a geometric rate.
Medical technology improves productivity of American workers.
Medical technology is a critical component of every work process in healthcare delivery.
Medical technology is a fast-growing profession associated with modern advances in medical science.
Medical technology is a profession of unlimited career opportunities.
Medical technology is a rapidly growing and changing field.
Medical technology is a stimulating profession associated with medical science.
Medical technology is ripe for human cloning at leading medical institutions worldwide.
Medical technology is something.
Medical technology is the breakthrough story of the century.
Medical technology is the profession responsible for testing blood and bodily fluids.
Medical technology is to-day perfecting the transplantation of human and animal organs.
Medical technology provides assistance.
Medical technology requires a solid educational foundation.
Medical technology uses techniques of information transfer and visualization.
Most medical technology provides assistance.
Medical terms are well defined throughout the book.
Medical terms can be hard to understand.
Medical Terms is a list of medical word fragments and their definitions.
Medical Terms takes the confusion out of medical terminology.
All medical terms have a prefix.
Many medical terms can seem complex and intimidating at first.
Many medical terms have interesting, even weird meanings or stories behind their evolution as words.
Some medical terms contain more than one root.
Medical terminology can get confusing.
Medical terminology is a plus, Experience in a medical office is required.
Medical terminology is a plus.
Medical terminology is a specialized language used by health care practitioners.
Medical terminology is continued.
Medical terminology is emphasized.
Medical terminology is helpful.
Medical terminology is included.
Medical terminology is integrated with each system.
Medical terminology is preferred.
Medical terminology is required.
Medical terminology is reviewed throughout the course.
Medical terminology is taught in conjunction with each condition.
Medical terminology is the key to unlocking a whole new world of knowledge.
Medical terminology is the language of medicine.
Medical terminology is treated as a medical language and clinical application is stressed.
Medical terminology is used by convention and is evolving.
Medical terminology is used in the department.
Medical terminology is useful for some jobs especially forensic, oncology and pathology work.
Medical terminology makes patients more confused.
Medical terminology supplements hands-on practice.
Medical terminology uses self-correcting exercises through continuous feedback on every page.
Medical test indicate that cannabis can cause memory loss as well as infertility problems.
Medical tests can pinpoint the cause of fecal incontinence and help determine the course of therapy.
Medical tests determine physical fitness to do a job.
Medical tests reveal large amounts of pheromones in the victim's blood.
Many medical tests are well worth the expense, as they often lead to the correct treatment.
More Medical tests determine.
Medical testing is frequently unproductive.
All medical testing carries some risk to the patient.
Medical text are a favorite target, as are books on law and social sciences.
Medical texts are a favorite target.
Medical texts can include moving pictures, including simulated surgery.
Medical texts recommend feeding babies when they are hungry.
Medical textbooks are silent about the disposition of the foreskin in the Anatomical Position.
Medical textbooks are years out of date.
Medical textbooks list many risk factors for heart disease.
Medical textbooks state plainly that in the womb, the fetus is sterile and has no bacteria.
Medical textbooks tend to teach doctors throughout their careers.
Medical therapy can improve the biological properties of the chronically failing heart.
Medical therapy consists of weight control, moderate exercise and antiinflammatory medications.
Medical therapy depends on early identification of potential causes.
Medical therapy has effects.
Medical therapy has some benefit, but the response can be variable or of limited duration.
Medical therapy helps problems.
Medical therapy improves outcomes.
Medical therapy includes anticholinergics, hormones, a-agonists and other medications.
Medical therapy includes medication to help reduce the ill effects of congestive heart failure.
Medical therapy is aimed at slowing some complications and treating symptoms of the disease.
Medical therapy is available for the treatment of women with endometriosis.
Medical therapy is directed mainly at symptom relief.
Medical therapy is generally palliative, with a diverse response seen among survivors.
Medical therapy is helpful in some cases.
Medical therapy is limited to broad-spectrum topical antibiotics for uncomplicated cases.
Medical therapy is optimized.
Medical therapy is palliative.
Medical therapy is the best hope for most patients and has improved dramatically.
Medical therapy is the initial treatment for heart failure.
Medical therapy is the primary approach to treatment.
Medical therapy is used only as a temporizing measure prior to surgery.
Medical therapy is used to ameliorate the rate of pigment deposition.
Medical therapy is usually effective in reducing blood pressure and is usually well tolerated.
Medical therapy is usually ineffective.
Medical therapy is usually the initial management for both cancer and non-cancer pain.
All medical therapy involves some degree of risk.
Every medical therapy includes some degree of risk, and chelation is no exception.
Many medical therapies are of questionable validity or are clearly inadequate.
Many medical therapies are of questionable validity or are dearly inadequate.
Most medical therapy has effects.
Most medical therapy helps problems.
Most medical therapy improves outcomes.
Medical thermography is an advanced diagnostic test of physiology.
Medical thrillers have wide appeal.
Medical toxicologists are physicians who are expert in treating people who have been poisoned.
All medical traditions belong to the realm of true science.
All medical trainees are subject.
Medical training can obviously be expensive and indeed dangerous.
Medical training is a long process.
Medical training is an apprenticeship for good reason.
Medical training is conducted to current national standards.
Medical training is free in Cuba, but it also holds out no promise of financial reward.
Medical training is hands-on, so the registrars and interns and doctors are overworked.
Medical training is inadequate and medicines and stocks are often unavailable.
Medical training is partly to blame.
Medical training provides a virtual roadmap of the body.
Medical transcription can be a very rewarding.
Medical transcription is a highly skilled profession and requires extensive study.
Medical transcription is a medical language specialty.
Medical transcription is a portable skill that allows for professional and geographic mobility.
Medical transcription is a production-oriented industry.
Medical transcription is a profession that offers great flexibility and is a unique employment.
Medical transcription is a wonderful asset to any medical office.
Medical transcription is also one of the fastest growing at-home professions.
Medical transcription is an interesting and challenging career.
Medical transcription is hard work but can be very rewarding both financially and personally.
Medical transcription is here to stay - in one form or another.
Medical transcription is one of the most important fields in the healthcare industry.
Medical transcription is the process of translating digitised audio medical records into text form.
Medical transcription is the process of turning physician dictated notes into written transcripts.
Medical transcription lends itself well to being a legitimate home-based occupation.
Medical transcription requires a great deal more than fast typing and some medical terms.
Medical transport is also available statewide.
Medical transports have the right to ask for extra staff.
Medical transportation is covered for an emergency medical condition.
Medical transportation is provided into Dallas and adjoining counties.
Medical transportation is scheduled on a pre-arranged basis as needed.
Medical treatment aims at palliating symptoms and improving the patient's quality of life.
Medical treatment amounts to keeping up fluid levels.
Medical treatment authorized by the employer is considered a payment of compensation.
Medical treatment begins with behavior modification.
Medical treatment begins with efforts to determine the underlying cause and treat it.
Medical treatment can be in the form of eyedrops or pills.
Medical treatment can be lifetime.
Medical treatment can help some allergic problems.
Medical treatment can prevent progression and cause regrowth.
Medical treatment can range from simple cleaning to multiple surgeries.
Medical treatment can restore other kinds of hearing loss back to normal.
Medical treatment can restore some kinds of hearing loss back to normal.
Medical treatment carries with it no guarantee of a successful outcome.
Medical treatment comes first.
Medical treatment concentrates on drying the infection within the ear.
Medical treatment consists mainly of stool softeners and moist heat.
Medical treatment consists mostly of anti-anxiety medication and being told to watch stress.
Medical treatment consists of a number of different drugs used in combination.
Medical treatment consists of agents that decrease the rate of aqueous humor formation.
Medical treatment consists of intensive cycloplegia, mydriasis, and aqueous suppressants.
Medical treatment consists of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications.
Medical treatment defines the limits of a parent's power to consent.
Medical treatment depends on progression of lesions.
Medical treatment depends on the amount of carbon monoxide in the bloodstream.
Medical treatment depends on the severity of the wound.
Medical treatment depends on the type of infection and the presence of invasion.
Medical treatment differs from research.
Medical treatment does decrease the time that the disease is contagious.
Medical treatment extends for as long as required by the authorized treating physician.
Medical treatment focuses on the use of braces, splints, hot packs, and exercise.
Medical treatment includes adjusting activity depending on the severity of symptoms.
Medical treatment includes anti-depressants to correct the chemical imbalance.
Medical treatment includes prolonged treatment of urinary tract infections.
Medical treatment includes replacing digestive enzymes, antibiotics, and careful monitoring.
Medical treatment includes surgical excision and in some cases radiation therapy.
Medical treatment includes the taking of thyroxine from animals, or synthroid.
Medical treatment involves the use of a number of things.
Medical treatment involves trial and error with a variety of medicines.
Medical treatment is administered by independent duty medical personnel.
Medical treatment is aimed at easing joint pains and swelling, and minimizing fatigue and lethargy.
Medical treatment is almost non-existant.
Medical treatment is an even more conservative treatment of narrow foreskin.
Medical treatment is available if necessary.
Medical treatment is drastic and ineffective, and frequently has many side-effects.
Medical treatment is effective in most cases.
Medical treatment is essential, and the longer the delay the poorer are the chances of success.
Medical treatment is essentially non-existent.
Medical treatment is extremely important.
Medical treatment is free.
Medical treatment is good and the people have been helpful.
Medical treatment is initiated to stabilize the bird.
Medical treatment is more difficult, both because of the later diagnosis and factors related to age.
Medical treatment is most effective if applied before the oozing sores appear.
Medical treatment is necessary in cases of severe hallucinogen reactions.
Medical treatment is necessary to prevent fluid and blood chemistry imbalances and shock.
Medical treatment is needed immediately.
Medical treatment is now focused on making the patient as comfortable as possible.
Medical treatment is obtained as needed.
Medical treatment is of no avail.
Medical treatment is often available, innappropriate, and inconsistant.
Medical treatment is often very effective in controlling pain symptoms.
Medical treatment is one choice.
Medical treatment is overseen by medical personnel.
Medical treatment is precarious.
Medical treatment is prescribed according to each individual's risk for fractures.
Medical treatment is prescribed for some endometriosis.
Medical treatment is primitive or non-existent.
Medical treatment is protracted, even though the accident was minor.
Medical treatment is provided when necessary.
Medical treatment is quite inefficient, and new treatment methods are needed.
Medical treatment is regarded as faithless act in their eyes.
Medical treatment is related to the industrial injury.
Medical treatment is supportive care, such as mechanical ventilation.
Medical treatment is the cornerstone of injury cases.
Medical treatment is the only way to cure syphilis.
Medical treatment is the usual approach.
Medical treatment is usually very effective and can prevent complications.
Medical treatment is viewed as one means to help achieve good health.
Medical treatment presents many complex ethical issues.
Medical treatment replaces the water and salts lost in the diarrhoea.
Medical treatment requires the person to take tablets known as serotonergic re-uptake inhibitors.
Medical treatment resolves the disease.
Medical treatment uses antifungal creams and sometimes internal antifungal agents.
Medical treatments are even greater stresses.
Medical treatments are often effective and include aspirin and supportive devices.
Medical treatments are repairings.
Medical treatments are unrelated to, or inconsistent with diagnosis.
Medical treatments can have awful side effects.
Medical treatments can reduce migraine frequency and severity, or stop the pain once it strikes.
Medical treatments come in many shapes and sizes.
Medical treatments focus on helping the individual to battle the disease.
Medical treatments increase cost.
Medical treatments involve corticosteroids.
Medical treatments involve dose corticosteroids.
Medical treatments involve high dose corticosteroids.
Medical treatments produce even greater stress.
Medical treatments reduce mortality.
All medical treatment is paid for by the employer or their workers' compensation insurance company.
All medical treatment is supportive.
All medical treatments carry potential risks.
All medical treatments carry risks.
All medical treatments have some degree of acute and chronic side effects.
Any medical treatment can carry the potential for side effects in some patients.
Many medical treatments are effective in the early stages of a disease.
Many medical treatments are on the market today to help heal acne and even reduce the scarring.
Most medical treatments increase cost.
Most medical treatments involve corticosteroids.
Most medical treatments involve dose corticosteroids.
Most medical treatments involve high dose corticosteroids.
Most medical treatments reduce mortality.
Some medical treatment exists for control of the movement symptoms.
Some medical treatment has risk.
Some medical treatments involve nerves.
Some medical treatments require long hospital stays.
Some medical treatments save life.
Some medical treatments use therapy.
Medical trips have priority but work and errand purposes are also served.
Medical type comes in and removes tongue from throat and helps out of ring.
Medical understanding is critical for the professional medical transcriptionist.
Medical university schools study effects.
Medical uses are often important in restoring physical and mental health.
Medical uses are sometimes very beneficial.
Medical uses are sometimes very beneficial.
Medical uses are very limited.
Medical videos are for use only in the library and can be borrowed only by medical students.
Medical waste includes biohazardous waste capable of causing disease only in humans.
Medical waste is also very likely to undergo more than one process.
Medical waste is incinerated or autoclaved.
Medical waste is located in beachs.
Medical waste is stored in the yard for long periods.
Medical waste is the major environmental issue facing hospitals today.
Medical waste is the third-leading cause of emissions from combustion sources.
Medical waste is waste generated by the medical and veterinary professions.
Much medical waste is disposed of in incinerators which lack anti-pollution controls.
Medical withdrawals allow a daily pro rata refund of tuition and fees.
Many medical words can confuse the patient, for example, glomerulonephritis.
Medical work is certainly as good a work as being a car mechanic or farmer or web site operator.
Medical work is inherently stressful.
Medical work is often fast paced and challenging.
Medical workers are susceptible.
Medical workers face emergencies on an everyday basis.
Medical workers recount in painful detail the difficulties of tending to the wounded in wartime.
All medical workers unite in pursuing that aim and in doing so feel members of one great fellowship.
Most medical workers are young women.
Medical writers produce news and features.
Medical writers produce reference materials.
Medical writers use it of releasing from disease , relaxing tendons, and taking off bandages.
Some medical writers cover every topic from cancer to obesity.
Some medical writers write eruptions.
Medical writing is actually a catchall phrase covering diverse lines of work.
A medical is an examination
Medicals are now good indefinitely.
All medicals are to be covered for life.
Medicated baths are also available for pets with specific skin disorders.
Medicated eyedrops can usually control open-angle glaucoma.
Medicated feed contains drugs that help treat or prevent coccidiosis.
Medicated feed is recomended because it reduces the risk of the babies getting sick.
Medicated food is an excellent choice if the fish is still eating.
Medicated foods made with top dressing technology are the least effective.
Medicated ghee is given internally in a gradually increased quantity for specific periods.
Medicated oil is poured into the cap from a hole on top, till the oil comes from the nose.
Medicated oils are powerful stimulants and counter irritants.
Medicated oils work on the plasma, blood and muscle tissue of the body.
Medicated pastilles can stimulate saliva production and some medications can also help.
Medicated shampoos are also available for special needs.
Medicated treatment is simple and effective if done early enough.
Medication compliance is critical to the long term success of the transplant.
Medication compliance is especially important, but can be a problem among older patients.
Medication cost is extra.
Medication costs are a major burden for seniors.
Medication costs are the responsibility of the student.
Medication costs vary.
Medication error reports.
Medication errors account for a significant portion of preventable adverse events.
Medication errors are a health issue.
Medication errors are another source of potential problems.
Medication errors are just one of the problems or challenges associated with the use of medications.
Medication errors are more common than adverse drug reactions.
Medication errors are never simple.
Medication errors are one of the most common types of errors.
Medication errors are one of the most common types of preventable adverse events.
Medication errors are rampant, facilities are under-staffed and unsanitary.
Medication errors are the second most frequent and second most expensive malpractice claim.
Medication errors can also result in claims.
Medication errors occur frequently in hospitals.
Medication errors represent only one of the many types of medication related problems.
All medication errors are preventable as are many adverse drug reactions.
Some medication errors do cause permanent injury and even death.
Medication management is a important component of the program.
Medication management is a key issue.
Medication management is extremely important .
Medication management is offered.
Medication management is provided for outpatients without community physicians.
Medication management is the weakest spot in the system.
All medication management needs clear documentation.
Some medication management has acceptance.
Medication acerbates the physical problems for some people.
Medication affects cancers differently before and after menopause.
Medication alone can at best provide temporary relief.
Medication alone is of little help.
Medication also can cause changes that make having sex more difficult.
Medication also helps prevent reproductive infections.
Medication also is a treatment option.
Medication also is needed to manage pain and to lower levels of uric acid.
Medication also reduces disruptive behaviors, aggression, and hyperactivity.
Medication also shortens the time that they're contagious.
Medication appears to improve the long-term prognosis for many people with schizophrenia.
Medication becomes the reluctantly arrived-at solution.
Medication can affect heart rate.
Medication can also be expensive.
Medication can also have negative side effects.
Medication can be a good idea just to let the body heal enough to handle the emotions.
Medication can be a helpful part of the treatment and ought to be explored.
Medication can be a trigger in various ways.
Medication can be costly.
Medication can be helpful during the first attack of genital herpes.
Medication can be helpful if used cautiously, with the patient's full understanding and consent.
Medication can be particularly helpful in treating anemia, depression or anxiety.
Medication can be quite helpful if prescribed in the right context.
Medication can be useful for a short while, much like taking insulin for diabetes.
Medication can be very helpful for treating a number of problems.
Medication can be very helpful in controlling the symptoms of migraine attack.
Medication can bring relief.
Medication can continue to be used while it is demonstrated that it is having a beneficial effect.
Medication can control or prevent partial seizures.
Medication can control some symptoms for some people.
Medication can decrease the frequency of sleep attacks.
Medication can delay the dementia by two to four years.
Medication can dull alertness and further compromise sight and hearing.
Medication can ease some symptoms and slow the advance of the disease, but there is no cure.
Medication can get very expensive, especially without insurance.
Medication can have an impact.
Medication can help a great deal too, but it is far from the whole solution.
Medication can help alleviate symptoms for many mental illnesses.
Medication can help control the buildup of fluid in the abdomen.
Medication can help manage symptoms and provide new energy.
Medication can help maximize their potential.
Medication can help speed that process.
Medication can help to control seizures though there are often side effects from the drugs.
Medication can help to control some of the behavior problems.
Medication can help with pain and fatigue.
Medication can help.
Medication can interfere with the patient's introspection, analysis, and understanding.
Medication can interfere, but it has side effects.
Medication can lessen the symptoms.
Medication can minimize the destructive biological impact of chronic illness.
Medication can offer relief but other interventions can also help while building esteem and skills.
Medication can often safely control intraocular pressure for many years.
Medication can only alleviate discomfort.
Medication can only take the individual part of the way to recovery.
Medication can only treat the symptoms.
Medication can reduce disruptive behaviors, aggression, and hyperactivity.
Medication can regulate serotonin, reducing obsessive thoughts and compulsive behaviors.
Medication can relieve some symptoms.
Medication can relieve symptoms and heal oesophagitis in almost everyone.
Medication can sometimes dissolve bladder stones.
Medication can usually remedy most hormone problems.
Medication canhelp a great deal too, but it is far from the whole solution.
Medication causes allergic reaction.
Medication combined with behavioral therapy is the most effective way to treat short-term insomnia.
Medication containing benzoyl peroxide is the recommended first choice for self-treatment.
Medication containing tinidazole or metronidazole decreases symptoms and time to resolution.
Medication controls or reduces the number of seizures for many people.
Medication controls the problem in most patients.
Medication corrects the chemistry.
Medication costs extra.
Medication costs versus health costs.
Medication does make a difference.
Medication doses for children are different from the doses prescribed for adults.
Medication flows through the tube to help relieve pain.
Medication follow up and management is accomplished by our nurses.
Medication follow-up meetings include continued assessment.
Medication generally works best when accompanied by appropriate psychotherapy.
Medication given for attentional disorders also can have negative effects on a bipolar child.
Medication given to an infant has a dosing requirement and safety level.
Medication has it's own roots in plant seeds, saps, barks, flowers and leaves.
Medication has many possible changes of function.
Medication has no permanent effect on the abnormalities that cause reflux.
Medication has no place in the management of temper tantrums.
Medication has to be taken at regular intervals.
Medication hastens recovery.
Medication helps a lot.
Medication helps even more.
Medication helps level the chemical imbalances in the brain.
Medication helps slow the progress, but has devasting side effects.
Medication helps to slow the ride and smooth out the hills making our lives manageable.
Medication helps, but only if they take it.
Medication helps, but paranoid schizophrenics can easily stray from treatment if left on their own.
Medication includes anti-inflammatory medications, often coupled with bed rest.
Medication is a critical part of the treatment.
Medication is a drug
Medication is a great help for the physical facets of depression.
Medication is a helpful way to get the child stable.
Medication is a major source of unintentional poisoning.
Medication is a part of daily life for many people with mental illness.
Medication is adjusted, if necessary, and a referral is made to a physician if appropriate.
Medication is administered by the nurse or office staff only.
Medication is administered double blind, within the context of a clinical management session.
Medication is administered in dosages shown to alleviate symptoms.
Medication is administered to prevent diarrhea.
Medication is all too often confused with drug addiction and narcotics.
Medication is also effective for many people.
Medication is also important for the control of non-insulin dependent diabetes.
Medication is also more inexpensive and easier to administer in a smaller tank.
Medication is always combined with clinical management.
Medication is always necessary in combination with lifestyle changes.
Medication is an alternative to surgery for some men.
Medication is an easier alternative.
Medication is an easy approach.
Medication is an essential treatment for psychosis.
Medication is an important form of therapy and is essential to the asthmatic.
Medication is an option.
Medication is another part of the treatment plan .
Medication is another treatment option, but the drugs mask, rather than cure, the problem.
Medication is another widely practiced treatment.
Medication is at times an important intervention.
Medication is available as an effective supplement.
Medication is available for people with such conditions to prevent the onset of seizures.
Medication is available if the nausea persists.
Medication is available to control the duration of the outbreak and make it less painful.
Medication is available to ease the nausea if necessary.
Medication is available to hasten the process of acclimatization to high altitudes.
Medication is available to help with fatigue.
Medication is available to relieve pain and maximize comfort.
Medication is available to treat and alleviate symptoms.
Medication is available to treat some of the symptoms.
Medication is being perscribed so quickly, are parents really investigating all possibilities.
Medication is delivered by depressing the unit reservoir.
Medication is delivered through a small tube, or catheter, that also is surgically placed.
Medication is designed with easy of use in mind.
Medication is discontinued if a good response is seen.
Medication is dispensed and recorded in the office.
Medication is dispensed as needed, or medication reminders, and exercise programs are available.
Medication is dispensed from the pharmacy upon orders of the staff physicians.
Medication is dispensed in the office.
Medication is dispensed only in the office or by the school nurse.
Medication is effective.
Medication is essentially the same with due cognizance of liveweight.
Medication is extremely successful in moderating the symptoms.
Medication is followed closely, with rigorous attempts made to maximize compliance.
Medication is given at regular times throughout the day.
Medication is given for any discomfort.
Medication is given for pain.
Medication is given if the cramps are uncomfortable.
Medication is given intravenously for relaxation.
Medication is given through a catheter placed in the lower back.
Medication is given to control the brain waves in order to prevent seizures from happening.
Medication is given to minimize pain and discomfort.
Medication is given to reduce inflammation or regulate the immune system.
Medication is given to stop the breakdown of bone.
Medication is handed out twice a day.
Medication is helpful in controlling the irregular heart beat.
Medication is helpful in preventing low blood glucose in some patients.
Medication is important.
Medication is indicated for some cases and counseling can help.
Medication is injected around the spinal cord during labor or other types of surgery.
Medication is injected into and around the spinal canal into the epidural space.
Medication is inserted into the area to fight bacteria and a temporary filling is placed.
Medication is just one part of the treatment.
Medication is just the first step towards controlling high blood pressure.
Medication is kept in a secure location.
Medication is light sensitive.
Medication is likely to be needed when a depression has direct physiological roots.
Medication is located in doctors.
Medication is located in suitcases.
Medication is monitored by staff.
Medication is most effective for allergic OR and includes antihistamines and decongestants.
Medication is most effective in combination with behavior and cognitive therapy.
Medication is most effective in conjunction with psychotherapy.
Medication is most effective when combined with psychological therapies.
Medication is much less likely to be indicated.
Medication is no longer an option.
Medication is of secondary importance in the treatment.
Medication is often a key component of treatment.
Medication is often helpful, but there are many other ways to fight back.
Medication is often last on the list.
Medication is often necessary to relieve pain.
Medication is often poor quality and in insufficient quantity.
Medication is often the most effective intervention for improved functioning.
Medication is one form of treatment that is available to help deal with depression.
Medication is one of the areas receiving a great deal of attention.
Medication is one of the best things to help asthma.
Medication is one way to help with organization.
Medication is only a part of the treatment.
Medication is only a partial solution.
Medication is only one approach.
Medication is only one facet of treating bipolar, other things are needed too.
Medication is only one part of that complex treatment for both children and adults.
Medication is placed in the cup, which is raised so that the teat is immersed in the liquid.
Medication is prescribed and monitored as needed.
Medication is prescribed and used judiciously.
Medication is prescribed by a psychiatrist as needed and monitored by psychiatric nurses.
Medication is prescribed for many of our patients.
Medication is prescribed for the child, and new, unexplained symptoms develop.
Medication is prescribed if necessary.
Medication is prescribed in some cases.
Medication is prescribed to treat residual pain and soreness.
Medication is prescribed when deemed necessary by our staff and agreed to by the client.
Medication is probably the most important treatment intervention.
Medication is provided free of charge .
Medication is recorded on the walletcard rather than on the emblem, since it is likely to change.
Medication is required for some time after surgery.
Medication is safe, effective and has little abuse potential in prescribed doses.
Medication is said to have a narrow or wide therapeutic index .
Medication is said to have a narrow or wide therapeutic index or therapeutic window .
Medication is said to have a narrow or wide therapeutic index.
Medication is shifted to the oral route as soon as possible.
Medication is shipped directly to physician's clinic.
Medication is so effective it is often provided without therapy.
Medication is sometimes helpful.
Medication is sometimes useful in easing the core symptoms of social phobias.
Medication is still in development.
Medication is stored in a locked cabinet in the infirmary.
Medication is supplied for pain as necessary.
Medication is symptom-oriented, to suppress symptoms.
Medication is taken by some people to keep their blood pressure under control.
Medication is taken for overactivity and distractibility.
Medication is taken from the first day of menstruation until the last day on a regulated cycle.
Medication is taken to control seizures.
Medication is the easiest treatment to administer compulsorily.
Medication is the mainstay of asthma treatment.
Medication is the most common treatment.
Medication is the only accepted form of treatment for epilepsy.
Medication is the treatment of choice for gout.
Medication is the treatment of choice for people suffering from mental health challenges.
Medication is therapy.
Medication is typically important for the treatment of the symptoms of mental illness.
Medication is typically safe and effective.
Medication is used as a last resort.
Medication is used to control pain and inflammation.
Medication is used to counteract the inflammation.
Medication is used to dissolve the core of the wart or to inhibit their growth.
Medication is used to help control symptoms and to maximize heart function.
Medication is used to reduce bad cholesterol and in some cases increase good cholesterol.
Medication is used to suppress and control joint inflammation and pain.
Medication is useful in easing the core symptoms of social phobia.
Medication is useless.
Medication is usually a tablet given by mouth once or twice daily.
Medication is usually effective only during the acute stage of infection.
Medication is usually the second choice after a comprehensive and competent trial of psychotherapy.
Medication isa drug.
Medication keeps it under control.
Medication makes it better.
Medication makes sure of that.
Medication needs to be brought to the office by an adult in the original container.
Medication needs to be labeled with their prescriptions to identify the drug.
Medication needs to be sent in the original bottle with all the information on the label.
Medication now keeps that under control.
Medication only works if it is taken according to specific protocols.
Medication only works if it's taken properly.
Medication plays an important role in the treatment of chronic pain.
Medication prescribed by a doctor is distributed to students throughout the day.
Medication prevents osteoporosis in men treated for prostate cancer .
Medication provides some help, but often larger and larger doses are requried to maintain relief.
Medication puts a floor on the downward spiraling so that work can begin with therapy.
Medication really helps.
Medication relieves some symptoms of depression and is often prescribed along with therapy.
Medication set-up is covered when there is no other alternative.
Medication significantly reduces the risk of hip fractures .
Medication taken by mouth can help decrease the symptoms.
Medication takes time to work and the depression can be a lingering condition.
Medication There are many very effective medications.
Medication treats the Depression itself.
Medication use Ninety-two percent of participants reported using medication.
Medication varies a great deal from individual to individual.
Medication works by numbing the brain or healing the soft tissue in one way or another.
Medication works most effectively for people who are mildly to moderately affected by the disease.
Medications address the biological and chemical aspects of mental illnesses.
Medications affect everyone differently.
Medications alone are often sufficient to bring about substantial improvement in performance.
Medications also can affect appetite or taste perception, changing food intake.
Medications also can help.
Medications also have to be adjusted for the age of the person.
Medications also interfere with many vitamins.
Medications also play a role in treating an individual with autism.
Medications also play a role in treatment.
Medications also reduce swelling and mucus.
Medications also require a batch number.
Medications are a last resort.
Medications are a means to an end.
Medications are a real issue.
Medications are a serious culprit of bowel problems as well.
Medications are also available for people unable to control the problem by behavioral methods alone.
Medications are also available to prevent a migraine.
Medications are also available to treat individual motor and mood symptoms as they occur.
Medications are also available to treat some of the associated behavioral disorders.
Medications are also available, if necessary.
Medications are also dependent on the patient's temperature.
Medications are also limited in what they can do.
Medications are also now available to help decrease the craving for nicotine.
Medications are also only part of the treatment.
Medications are among the most common causes of reversible confusional states in elderly people.
Medications are an important element of treatment.
Medications are another common cause of insomnia.
Medications are another secondary cause of constipation.
Medications are available as well, and surgery can also be used to straighten the penis.
Medications are available at a charge.
Medications are available at a nominal cost.
Medications are available for most problems with the body, mind and and even the soul.
Medications are available for symptomatic treatment.
Medications are available that can prevent future infection and disease and are administered montly.
Medications are available that effectively treat mental illnesses that are severe or disabling.
Medications are available that help certain symptoms.
Medications are available through physicians dispensing.
Medications are available to attempt to improve the low blood pressure.
Medications are available to control acid levels in the stomach.
Medications are available to help control nausea or to decrease the intensity of the symptoms.
Medications are available to help control the side effects associated with chemotherapy.
Medications are available to help thin the sputum, so that it can be more effectively coughed up.
Medications are available to make travel easier.
Medications are available to reduce acid production in the stomach and control heartburn.
Medications are available to treat a variety of behaviors that are exhibited.
Medications are available to treat anemia.
Medications are available, both by prescription and over the counter.
Medications are available.
Medications are better, lifestyles are different.
Medications are child proof when vacuumed packed.
Medications are especially helpful for persons who have agoraphobia with panic disorder.
Medications are expensive.
Medications are fairly limited.
Medications are famous for lowering libido.
Medications are free of charge.
Medications are free to study participants, and patients are paid for their participation.
Medications are frequently ineffective for a few days.
Medications are generally helpful in maintaining a normal heart rhythm.
Medications are generally mandatory for the treatment of disorders such as schizophrenia and mania.
Medications are generally only available at pharmacies.
Medications are generally safe when used appropriately, and severe risks are rare.
Medications are genuine products manufactured by their respected pharmaceutical companies.
Medications are helpful in managing rheumatoid arthritis.
Medications are helpful in some cases to prevent further stones.
Medications are helpful in treating arthritic condibons.
Medications are helpful, but the dosages are getting smaller.
Medications are highly effective for anxiety, either alone or in combination with behavior therapy.
Medications are increasingly effective for symptom control, as well as prevention of complications.
Medications are less effective in relieving pain of unstable angina.
Medications are less essential than environmental measures in the treatment of body lice.
Medications are more effective when combined with behavior therapy.
Medications are most effective in relieving symptoms of depression.
Medications are most effective when used as a complement to counseling.
Medications are mostly harmful.
Medications are much better than they used to be and there is a better selection of drugs.
Medications are much improved, and much more has been learned about pigeon genetics.
Medications are necessary for most people with lupus.
Medications are necessary for sugar to enter the body's cells and metabolize.
Medications are necessary in some cases, and they are best used only when necessary.
Medications are no substitute for dietary interventions.
Medications are now available that prolong the dogs life if taken early on in the disease.
Medications are now available that stimulate contractions in the stomach and upper intestine.
Medications are often helpful in returning the heart to a normal rhythm.
Medications are often helpful in treating symptoms of depression or anxiety.
Medications are often less than effective or produce unwanted side effects.
Medications are OK to take in moderation.
Medications are on hand in case labor needs to be induced.
Medications are one area where mistakes can occur in medical institutions.
Medications are one part of overall treatment and management of children with mental retardation.
Medications are only a tool.
Medications are only one way.
Medications are only temporary solutions.
Medications Are Optional .
Medications are prescribed depending on the overall treatment goal.
Medications are secure and administered per physicians' orders.
Medications are sometimes appropriate.
Medications are sometimes at the root of the problem.
Medications are sometimes helpful.
Medications are substances that create change in the functioning of organisms.
Medications are the main treatment for acne and usually work well.
Medications are the most common cause of delirium.
Medications are the most common treatment, and are usually the first to be tried.
Medications are the most important part of the treatment.
Medications are the most important part of treatment.
Medications are to be secured in both inpatient and community-based settings.
Medications are to blame for sore, dry mouths, which make eating unpleasant.
Medications are typically part of treatments for social phobia and agoraphobia.
Medications are useful tools but are best used when part of a larger treatment plan.
Medications are useful when used as prescribed but harmful if used inappropriately.
Medications are variable because of individual responses to medications.
Medications are variable.
Medications are very important.
Medications can adversely affect the body's ability to utilize many nutrients.
Medications can affect blood sugars and cause the diabetes to zoom out of control.
Medications can affect libido.
Medications can affect taste.
Medications can also affect appetite and the absorption of nutrients.
Medications can also alter sleeping patterns.
Medications can also be helpful in treating the symptoms of a cold and the flu.
Medications can also be very costly.
Medications can also cause dizziness.
Medications can also cause or worsen incontinence.
Medications can also cause stomach upset.
Medications can also control erratic heartbeat.
Medications can also help alleviate irritable bowel syndrome.
Medications can also help prevent problems.
Medications can also help reduce symptoms.
Medications can also help.
Medications can also reduce bone loss.
Medications can also thin the blood in order to prevent clots and a subsequent stroke.
Medications can be a very helpful tool in managing depressive symptoms.
Medications can be beneficial if used properly.
Medications can be beneficial to some persons with mental or emotional disorders.
Medications can be corrosive or irritating to the eyes.
Medications can be effective for some patients with heart valve disease.
Medications can be effective in treating incontinence.
Medications can be helpful for short term treatment of headaches.
Medications can be helpful to some people.
Medications can be toxic and can irritate the skin.
Medications can be useful in reducing anxiety, depression, and disruptive impulses.
Medications can be very effective in relieving anxiety symptoms.
Medications can be very effective today in reducing the symptoms.
Medications can bring calm.
Medications can bring comfort to patients experiencing pain.
Medications can cause adverse effects when taken alone or in combination with food or other drugs.
Medications can cause many different skin reactions, with varying rashes.
Medications can cause many different types of skin reactions.
Medications can cause many skin reactions.
Medications can cause problems for the way people think, move, or feel.
Medications can cause side effects such as allergic reactions and stomach upset.
Medications can cause side effects, such as headaches, skin rashes, dizziness, or nausea.
Medications can cause side effects.
Medications can cause weight gain or loss, appetite increase or decrease, or fluid retention.
Medications can certainly induce hallucinations.
Medications can contain wheat, wheat germ, wheat starch, etc. as ingredients or coatings.
Medications can contribute toward difficulties sometimes encountered.
Medications can control inflammation and prevent recurrent episodes of pseudogout.
Medications can control inflammation and prevent recurrent episodes.
Medications can correct anemia.
Medications can create constipation problems too.
Medications can cure anxiety disorders.
Medications can cure depression.
Medications can easily fix the problem.
Medications can have a powerful effect on the mood and behavior of children.
Medications can have different appearances due to dosage, manufacturer and other reasons.
Medications can have many positive and negative effects on our clients' performance in therapy.
Medications can have side effects, including hot flashes and loss of sexual desire.
Medications can help control constriction and inflammation and reduce symptoms.
Medications can help decrease the amount of time symptoms last.
Medications can help keep mold allergy reactions under control.
Medications can help palliate the symptoms, but it is considered a terminal condition.
Medications can help prevent heart failure for both cats and dogs.
Medications can help prevent symptoms.
Medications can help reduce some symptoms allowing psychotherapy to be more effective.
Medications can help reduce symptoms somewhat.
Medications can help relieve many of the symptoms of allergies.
Medications can help, but often lose effectiveness over time.
Medications can help, but researchers increasingly are looking for biological fixes.
Medications can help.
Medications can improve attention span, concentration, hyperactivity, and aggressive behaviors.
Medications can indeed be very effective for such control . . .
Medications can interact with alcohol to provide an intensified affect.
Medications can interfere with salivation resulting in a dry mouth and decreased taste sensation.
Medications can lose their effectiveness if stored improperly.
Medications can make the sores go away and make the blistering and pain less severe.
Medications can make their way into the milk.
Medications can minimize the discomfort of panic attacks.
Medications can often affect the skin adversely.
Medications can often help.
Medications can play a role in the problem of incontinence.
Medications can reduce symptoms.
Medications can reduce the symptoms of an acute attack and prevent recurring illness.
Medications can reduce the symptoms.
Medications can relieve vertigo, nausea and vomiting.
Medications can remove lead from the body.
Medications can significantly lessen the overall impact of a virus on the family.
Medications can slow down the breakdown process, in effect, increasing the net bone mass.
Medications can slow down the increase of viruses in the blood.
Medications can sometimes be the culprit of allergic reactions as well.
Medications can sometimes cause a positive test result.
Medications can stop a gout attack and prevent damage to the joints.
Medications can then be most effective in reversing or minimizing the damage.
Medications can trigger muscle cramps.
Medications cause learning disabilities.
Medications complicate people's lives and sometimes lead to feelings of failure.
Medications containing albendazole and mebendazole help kill pinworms.
Medications containing estrogen like birth control pills also can increase fluid retention.
Medications containing narcotics affect the fetus as well.
Medications containing nicotine, like a patch or gum, are harmful and addicting.
Medications control symptoms primarily by controlling the imbalance between the transmitters.
Medications control the symptoms of their illnesses for long periods.
Medications create change in the states of health or the mechanisms of various systems in the body.
Medications deal primarily with symptoms and fail to prolong the patient's life in most cases.
Medications degrade and lose their potency over time.
Medications delivered by the inhalation route represent the most common form of drug therapy.
Medications Determine the patient s use of medications.
Medications do both.
Medications do have side effects but are a good option for some people.
Medications do relieve the symptoms.
Medications do save lives but also can be dangerous.
Medications fall into four risk categories when considering damage to a developing fetus.
Medications given for fibromyalgia can help reduce pain, improve sleep, and control other symptoms.
Medications given for other conditions sometimes cause changes in the blood sugar level.
Medications has many links to Web sites about diabetes medications.
Medications have a direct affect on our nutritional levels.
Medications have a similar mechanism of action.
Medications have an established role in the treatment of stress incontinence.
Medications have different efficacy for different seizure types.
Medications have only limited short term benefits on social adjustment and academic achievement.
Medications have strange side effects.
Medications have two disadvantages.
Medications help control the heart rate and amount of blood flowing through the heart.
Medications help in a limited number of cases.
Medications help smokers overcome nicotine cravings.
Medications help to a degree in about half the cases.
Medications help to control the tremors, stiffness, slowness and walking difficulties.
Medications help, but there's no cure, and no known cause.
Medications improve health and quality of life but some can profoundly affect nutritional needs.
Medications Includes information for doctors and nurses.
Medications including ebendazole and pyrantel pamoate treat the disease.
Medications including some blood pressure medications can directly or indirectly affect performance.
Medications kill only the adult worms and have no effect on developing eggs and larvae.
Medications Know the exact names of medications currently taking or have taken in the past month.
Medications known as antiemetics can help to control the stimulating of the vomit center.
Medications make it easier for that to happen.
Medications make losing weight so much easier and more successful.
Medications mask the process of going within by treating symptoms.
Medications merely masks the symptoms, yet does nothing to cure the underlying problem.
Medications never touch the dispensing unit, thereby preventing potential contamination.
Medication's now on seem to be working but having flare up's every now and then.
Medications play a major role in falls in older adults.
Medications play a part, too.
Medications play an important part in treating heart failure.
Medications play an important role in the treatment of osteoporosis.
Medications pose a risk for nursing infants, since most can be excreted in breast milk.
Medications prescribed by the physician are an important part of the treatment plan.
Medications prescribed for pregnant women are also appropriate for breastfeeding women.
Medications prescribed include corticosteroids and aspirin .
Medications prescribed include corticosteroids and aspirin.
Medications prevent recurrent episodes in only about half of patients.
Medications printed in boldface type indicate generic availability.
Medications purchased by the patient remain the patient s personal property.
Medications Quickly specify medications from a series of menu items.
Medications range from a variety of antidepressant medications to specific antianxiety drugs.
Medications relieve headache temporarily.
Medications remain the basis of therapy in many cases.
Medications require relatively little effort on the part of the patient.
Medications requiring prescriptions include prozac, zoloft and paxil.
Medications seem to provide little long-term benefit.
Medications sold in generic form are often well-established, frequently used drugs.
Medications taken for other health problems can sometimes worsen acne.
Medications taken improperly can also become less effective and prompt relapses of illness.
Medications taken orally are generally the least expensive and most convenient alternative.
Medications taken orally are systemic because they are distributed to the entire body.
Medications treat brain-based disorders.
Medications typically work more slowly.
Medications use to eliminate the microfilarae include the use of ivermectin and milbemycin oxime.
Medications used as primary or secondary therapy for sinusitis include the following.
Medications used during the procedure are reportedly safe to use during pregnancy.
Medications used for stabilizing mood include lithium, depakene and tegretol.
Medications used include tetracycline and doxycycline .
Medications used include tetracycline and doxycycline.
Medications used is rapid tranquilization.
Medications vary depending on the symptoms that occur.
Medications vary depending on the symptoms.
Medications work best when combined with therapy and behavior modification.
Medications work best when taken before travel starts.
Medications work differently for each individual.
Medications work differently on different people.
Medications work without question.
Medication always is needed when one is having thoughts of suicide.
Medication frequently makes the patient worse from side effects.
Medications frequently cause constipation.
Medication often can reduce the impulse to engage in ritualistic behavior.
Medication often decreases the appetite during the daytime.
Medication often does the trick, but occasionally a catheter ablation is required.
Medication often exacerbates the problem.
Medication often gives good results, but some cats are at risk of side effects.
Medication often has to be continued for many months.
Medications often fail to remove symptoms especially negative symptoms.
Medications often fail to remove symptoms especially the negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
Medications often interfere with nutrient absorption.
Medications sometimes cause dry eye by reducing tear secretion.
Medications sometimes cause gastrointestinal bleeding.
Medications sometimes cause itchiness.
Medications sometimes come with side-effects that impact quality of life.
Medications sometimes work fast .
Medications sometimes work fast.
Medication usually has to be taken for a lifetime.
Medication usually makes the pain go away.
Medication usually plays an important role in the treatment of bipolar disorder.
Medication usually plays an important role in the treatment of psychotic illnesses.
Medications usually reduce the effects of alcohol in older persons.
All medication carries risks.
All medication has at least a few side effects.
All medication has the possibility of counteracting or causing side effects between themselves.
All medication is administered to residents by licensed nursing staff.
All medication is administered under the careful supervision of the resident manager.
All medication is free to clinic patients.
All medication is handled through the nurse in the clinic.
All medication is handled through the nurse's office.
All medication is held and dispensed daily by the school nurse at the appropriate times.
All medication is noted at registration and administered by the trainer during the camp.
All medication is sent by federal express.
All medication is shipped in a plain, nondescript package with no indication of the contents.
All medication is shipped in a plain, nondescript package.
All medication is taken orally, at home.
All medications affect the fetus differently.
All medications are available at just above wholesale costs.
All medications are eligible for a discount.
All medications are potentially dangerous - some more than others.
All medications are registered trademarks of their respective companies.
All medications are to be given with adult supervision.
All medications are to be handed to a staff member and stored in a locked container.
All medications are to be handed to the staff member and stored in a locked container.
All medications are to be kept in a locked storage area and their use supervised by medical staff.
All medications can cause side effects.
All medications can have adverse effects, and many have drug interactions.
All medications can have side effects.
All medications can have side-effects.
All medications can have some unwanted effects.
All medications carry risks.
All medications cause side effects.
All medications have an expiration date.
All medications have both generic and brand names.
All medications have certain risks associated with their use.
All medications have possible side effects including allergic reactions .
All medications have possible side effects.
All medications have potential risks and side effects.
All medications have potential side effects, of course, and antidepressants are no exception.
All medications have potential side effects.
All medications have risks and benefits.
All medications have side effects and alter the body.
All medications have side effects and can cause serious health problems if used incorrectly.
All medications have side effects, including allergic reactions and stomach upset.
All medications have side effects, including drugs used to treat arrhythmias.
All medications have side effects, such as allergic reactions and stomach upset.
All medications have side effects, such as allergic reactions or stomach upset.
All medications have side effects.
All medications have some degree of risk.
All medications have some side effects.
All medications have the potential to be abused, including over the counter medications.
All medications pose a risk of adverse reactions.
All medications prescribed by a doctor are to be taken as directed.
All medications provoke an individual response that differs from patient to patient.
All medications require doctor's signature.
All medications require preauthorization.
Any medication can cause an allergic reaction.
Any medication can cause minor, temporary side effects.
Any medication can have adverse side effects even if most patients tolerate it well.
Any medication can potentially reduce blood counts.
Any medication can put a fetus at risk, and there are specific risks for different medications.
Any medication given at school needs to have a doctor's order and parent signature.
Any medication has the potential for side effects.
Any medication taken in excess can cause symptoms of overdose.
Any medication taken in excess can have serious consequences.
Any medication used in excess, however, can have serious consequences.
Every medication has side effects, but they usually become tolerated or diminish with time.
Every medication has the potential to cause harm.
Every medication is a potential poison.
Every medication is capable of producing side effects.
Many medications actually worsen or cause urinary leakage.
Many medications affect mental function.
Many medications are acceptable for the purpose of donating.
Many medications are also acceptable.
Many medications are available as inhaled treatments.
Many medications are available at no charge.
Many medications are available for external parasite problems.
Many medications are available for the treatment of pain.
Many medications are available for treating high blood pressure.
Many medications are available that can help.
Many medications are available to reduce high blood pressure.
Many medications are available to treat allergies.
Many medications are available to treat nausea.
Many medications are available.
Many medications are dangerous when mixed with alcohol.
Many medications are expensive and have adverse side effects.
Many medications are hepatotoxic.
Many medications are important tools for staying healthy.
Many medications are most effective when inhaled directly into the lungs.
Many medications can adversely interact with medications used by the dentist.
Many medications can aggravate tremors.
Many medications can cause constipation.
Many medications can cause dryness.
Many medications can cause fertility problems and lower sperm counts.
Many medications can cause headaches.
Many medications can contribute to a condition of xerostomia.
Many medications can deplete natural stores of vitamins and enzymes.
Many medications can dry out the mouth or pose other threats to oral health.
Many medications can exacerbate diarrhea.
Many medications can help delay or stop kidney disease.
Many medications can help treat asthma.
Many medications can help, especially with the positive symptoms of hallucinations and delusions.
Many medications can interact with alcohol leading to increased risk of illness injury or death.
Many medications can interact with alcohol, leading to increased risk of illness, injury, or death.
Many medications can pose problems for men with enlarged prostates.
Many medications can raise or lower blood pressure.
Many medications can reduce the frequency of migraines.
Many medications can result in hematuria.
Many medications can result in impotence.
Many medications can treat both successfully.
Many medications cause liver cell injury that can lead to overt hepatitis.
Many medications cause problems for the gums.
Many medications come with severe side effects.
Many medications disturb sleep.
Many medications have several strengths.
Many medications have side effects.
Many medications have side-effects that cause fatigue.
Many medications impact the skin in a variety of ways.
Many medications increase levels of prolactin, the hormone that stimulates milk production.
Many medications interact with coumadin.
Many medications look different in England.
Many medications make a patient drowsy or actually fall asleep.
Many medications prevent disease or treat diseases with no symptoms.
Many medications produce hepatic injury by competitively interfering with cellular metabolism.
Many medications taken during early pregnancy can affect the fetus.
More medication only makes the congestion worse.
More medications are available than ever before to effectively treat anxiety disorders.
More medications means more mistakes.
Most medication is available in a variety of forms.
Most medication is used in combination with psychotherapy.
Most medications act to some degree as both destructive and immunomodulating agents.
Most medications are acceptable.
Most medications are available on the local market and are mainly of French origin.
Most medications are available over the counter without a prescription in less developed countries.
Most medications are unavailable for the general population.
Most medications carry a disclaimer similar to the one above.
Most medications come pre-packaged from a carrier or from a local pharmacy at a discount.
Most medications fall into the antihistamine category, either topical or oral.
Most medications given out are inhalers for the prevention or maintenance of asthma.
Most medications have side effects.
Most medications interact safely with the newer sulfonylurea agents.
Most medications involve hormonal manipulation of some sort.
Most medications used for oral and IV sedation are considered compatible with breastfeeding.
Most medications used to treat tics can cause weight gain and stomach upset and other problems.
Most medications worsen the situation because they often alter moods.
Much medication flows out of here.
Some medication can actually cause clinical depression.
Some medication can also cause impotence, especially hypertension drugs.
Some medication can cause extra sensitivity to the UV light, causing overexposure.
Some medication can cause skin to burn more easily.
Some medication can help in alleviating some of an aggressive dog's anxieties.
Some medication is cheap and some is downright expensive.
Some medication kills lice.
Some medication requiring prescriptions abroad is sold over the counter in Egypt.
Some medications affect the sense of taste.
Some medications also can cause headaches.
Some medications also can contribute to depression.
Some medications also cause sexual dysfunction as a side effect.
Some medications also contain caffeine, another trigger for some people.
Some medications also increase appetite.
Some medications also interfere with children's normal alertness.
Some medications also require physician orders.
Some medications also result in low sexual drive or frank impotency too.
Some medications alter the sense of taste, which can adversely affect appetite.
Some medications appear to prevent recurrent migraines.
Some medications are also available on the sliding fee scale.
Some medications are available at a reduced cost.
Some medications are available for no charge from drug manufacturers.
Some medications are available for prevention of acute mountain sickness.
Some medications are available for prevention or treatment of acute mountain sickness.
Some medications are better for people with diabetes, heart disease, kidney disease, etc.
Some medications are beyond dispute.
Some medications are hard to swallow in pill form.
Some medications are ineffective or have dangerous side effects when taken with other medications.
Some medications are more effective when stored at certain temperatures.
Some medications are more likely to be involved with serious drug interactions.
Some medications are moved by pumps in cells.
Some medications are useful to relieve the symptoms of sudden blood-vessel blockage.
Some medications are worst than others in terms of their withdrawal symptoms.
Some medications block the absorption of iron.
Some medications can actually cause clinical depression.
Some medications can actually reduce the size of the prostate.
Some medications can also cause chronic hepatitis.
Some medications can also cause fluid problems.
Some medications can also contribute to the condition.
Some medications can also induce tinnitus, most notably aspirin.
Some medications can be extremely helpful in treatment a person who suffers from anorexia nervosa.
Some medications can be extremely helpful in treatment a person who suffers from bulimia.
Some medications can be lethal to pets.
Some medications can become dangerous or ineffective over time.
Some medications can build up in the blood system over a period of time and cause hallucinations.
Some medications can cause changes in nail pigmentation.
Some medications can cause colitis.
Some medications can cause confusion or nausea.
Some medications can cause depression or mania, as can a medical illness.
Some medications can cause depression.
Some medications can cause heartburn.
Some medications can cause incontinence, especially some of the ones used for epilepsy.
Some medications can cause or contribute to breast pain.
Some medications can cause or exacerbate bad breath.
Some medications can cause photophobia.
Some medications can cause problems.
Some medications can cause reflux.
Some medications can cause tinnitus, most commonly aspirin containing drugs.
Some medications can cause urinary retention.
Some medications can damage the nervous system and other internal organs, such as the liver.
Some medications can deal with specific symptoms, but there is no cure.
Some medications can distort taste, often by causing a metallic or bitter taste.
Some medications can help as well.
Some medications can help relieve joint pain and swelling and can help slow down the joint damage.
Some medications can help tighten the ring of muscles that control release of urine.
Some medications can increase sensitivity to sunlight.
Some medications can increase sensitivity to the sun's rays.
Some medications can increase the amount of blood loss.
Some medications can induce or inhibit VLP metabolism.
Some medications can interact with nicotine to cause a harmful effect.
Some medications can interfere with a PET scan.
Some medications can interfere with skin testing.
Some medications can interfere with test results.
Some medications can interfere with the exam.
Some medications can keep the closing ductus open while other options are explored.
Some medications can lead to drowsiness.
Some medications can lead to fatigue and muscle weakness.
Some medications can lead to insomnia as well.
Some medications can make symptoms worse if take far too long.
Some medications can make the heart race, including decongestants in allergy and cold medications.
Some medications can make tinnitus worse.
Some medications can pass through the milk, and some can be harmful.
Some medications can precipitate a depression.
Some medications can raise or lower levels.
Some medications can reduce the effectiveness of birth control pills.
Some medications can reduce the severity of the illness.
Some medications can relieve some of the pain and discomfort associated with the sores, however.
Some medications can stimulate fibrinolysis .
Some medications cause at adverse reaction in hot weather.
Some medications cause birth defects.
Some medications cause drowsiness.
Some medications cause itchiness as a side effect.
Some medications cause loss of appetite.
Some medications cause serious sun sensitivity, as do some diseases, such as lupus erythematosus.
Some medications change the body's response to oxygen.
Some medications combine the two.
Some medications come in combination with decongestants.
Some medications come in patch form.
Some medications contain caffeine doses equivalent to five cups of coffee.
Some medications contain caffeine.
Some medications contain milk protein.
Some medications contain retinoids.
Some medications contain the drug anhydrous theophylline.
Some medications contain toxic metals such as lead and mercury.
Some medications contribute to poor physical fitness.
Some medications decrease the bodies ability to produce lubricating tears.
Some medications decrease the body's ability to produce lubricating tears.
Some medications diminish the formation of the liquid inside the eye while others increase drainage.
Some medications do take the edge off, there's no denying that.
Some medications have a long history of being used in pregnancy without problems.
Some medications have entirely different side effects in the elderly than in younger people.
Some medications have possible or proven neuroprotective properties.
Some medications have withdrawal effects that are often worse than the original problem.
Some medications help by decreasing the metabolic requirements of the brain.
Some medications help open up the airways.
Some medications help to partially reduce and suppress the symptoms of excessive movements.
Some medications help with it.
Some medications help, Some nutritional supplements help, Some ointments help.
Some medications increase sun sensitivity.
Some medications increase the skin's sensitivity to UV rays.
Some medications interact with rifabutin.
Some medications interfere directly or indirectly with urine production.
Some medications interfere with one another and thus can limit their effectiveness.
Some medications interfere with the effectiveness of Norplant implants.
Some medications irritate the stomach, especially if there is no food in the stomach.
Some medications lead to dehydration of the vocal folds.
Some medications lead to heartburn.
Some medications produce an allergic rash on body parts exposed to the sun.
Some medications produce an allergic-type reaction, causing eruptions to appear all over the skin.
Some medications produce diarrhea.
Some medications reduce the sense of hunger or cause nausea.
Some medications reportedly can help counteract jet lag.
Some medications reportedly destroy the collagen structure of the eye.
Some medications require blood tests to be carried out.
Some medications require laboratory test monitoring due to occasional side effects.
Some medications require special temperatures or other conditions to stay fresh and effective.
Some medications result in a small, transient improvement in memory.
Some medications seem to help memory in some people.
Some medications take longer to take effect than others.
Some medications take weeks to build up in the system.
Some medications used for depression also increase serotonin.
Some medications used in the treatment of headache can cause increased appetite or weight gain.
Some medications when used too frequently can actually cause headaches.
Some medications work a little, but none work very well.
Some medications work better with food and some better on an empty stomach.
Some medications worsen pimples.
Medicial school takes four years and speciality takes three years.
Medicinal antler is harvested from deers raised on ranches.
Medicinal antler is harvested in a humane manner from deers raised on ranches.
Medicinal cannabis is only the dried buds of the female flower, no seeds, stems or shade leaves.
Medicinal chemists work in the pharmaceutical and health products industries.
Medicinal chemistry examines the organic chemistry of drug design and drug action.
Medicinal chemistry is a major contributor to the professional pharmacy curricula.
Medicinal chemistry is a rapidly maturing discipline.
Medicinal chemistry is a unique blend of the physical and biological sciences.
Medicinal chemistry is the investigation, discovery and development of therapeutic agents.
Medicinal chemistry offers a variety of lab opportunities.
Medicinal chemistry requires the ability to design a drug as well as to synthesize.
A medicinal drug is a drug
Many medicinal drugs destroy vitamin E and cause anemia.
Medicinal efficacy are exclusive effects, if any.
Medicinal hawthorn is derived from the blossoms and leaves of the hawthorn tree.
Medicinal herbs can be just as beneficial to dogs and cats as they are to humans.
Medicinal herbs can overwrite the symptoms.
Medicinal herbs contain a variety of chemicals, some of which are toxic at high doses.
Medicinal herbs contain powerful, pharmacologically active compounds.
Medicinal herbs make very powerful flower essences.
Medicinal herbs present some special problems in clinical use.
Many medicinal herbs are gentle sedatives.
Medicinal leeches are an ancient species having been around for millions of years.
Medicinal marijuana is a good thing.
Medicinal marijuana is a proven winner at the polls, despite fierce opposition from the feds.
Medicinal mushrooms are also well known for strengthening the immune system.
Medicinal mushrooms have a long history of use in folk medicine.
Medicinal oils are a completely different animal.
Medicinal oils come from flaxseed, evening primrose, borage and black currant as well as fish.
Medicinal plant produce eg.
Medicinal plant uses.
Medicinal plants are supplied through collection from wild populations and cultivation.
Medicinal plants are the oldest known health-care products.
Medicinal plants deserve certain attention because they are of great value.
Medicinal plants grow nearby.
Medicinal plants have their own unique features.
Medicinal plants present a spectrum of such difficulties.
Many medicinal plants are also in trouble from overharvesting and destruction of habitat.
Many medicinal plants have a significant quercetin content.
Some medicinal plants grow as parasites on the larger trees.
Medicinal plasters are another group of topical products that are popular for various injuries.
Medicinal preparations are invariably complex mixtures, based mostly on plant products.
Medicinal products are very safe, that is, the benefits are much greater than the risks.
Medicinal purposes are as a pain reliever and a fever suppressant.
Medicinal qualities are aromatic and warming, benefits digestion and is often used to make a tonic.
Medicinal salve made from root is applied to sores.
Medicinal steroids are safe, even in high doses, when used for short periods of time.
Many medicinal substances change the activity of certain cells.
Some medicinal supplies come from cultivated fields in the United States and Europe.
Medicinal teas blended in the store are across the aisle from handcrafted educational toys.
Most medicinal teas are to be taken regularly until balance is achieved.
Medicinal treatment is limited to prolactinomas.
Medicinal uses are for treating, coughs, colds, infections and also used in homeopathy.
Medicinal uses are highly publicized and widely known.
Medicinal Uses Avoid the use of hop if depression or impotence is a problem.
Medicinal Uses Use an infusion of lavender on insect bites.
Medicinal valerian is a hardy perennial that reaches about five feet.
Medicinal waters can be cold or hot, but their curative effect and composition is essential.
Most medicinal waters are thermal waters.
Medicine bags hold ancient cures for the modern world.
A medicine ball is a ball
Medicine ball drills for football.
Medicine ball dunks with two leg jumps are an example of specific training for centers and forwards.
Medicine ball exercises that are directed at the fluid transfer of force.
Medicine ball pass .
Medicine balls are a great way to help build power.
Medicine balls are balls.
Medicine balls are located in gyms.
Medicine balls are the best because they add weight at the end of the lever arm.
Medicine balls do seem to be making a comeback.
A medicine man is a priest
Medicine man come into our camp.
Medicine man throws something on fire.
Medicine men are healers.
Medicine men are shamans.
Medicine men build houses.
Medicine men have temples.
Medicine men incorporate palpation and examination of the body into their ceremonial dances.
Most medicine men build houses.
Most medicine men have temples.
Some medicine men go into trances.
Some medicine men sing songs.
Medicine River is an example of stories being used to liberate.
Medicine wheels are a very sacred and meaningful part of American Indian culture.
Medicine wheels are places for energy and healing, teaching and understanding.
Medicine wheels come in an array of colors and sizes.
Medicine wheels represent the universe, change, life, death, birth and learning.
Medicine achieves effects.
Medicine affects results.
Medicine affects symptoms.
Medicine affects test results.
Medicine aims at maintaining human health and preventing illness and disease.
Medicine allows one to begin the recovery process.
Medicine assumes that human suffering is rooted in pathology.
Medicine boil below none trousers since search bicycling nutrition.
Medicine cans have effects.
Medicine cans have serious effects.
Medicine cans have serious side effects.
Medicine cans have side effects.
Medicine causes effects.
Medicine causes other side effects.
Medicine causes side effects.
Medicine changes daily to extend and improve life.
Medicine changes fast, but unlike print materials, a Web site can change with it.
Medicine changes over time leaving it in a toxic or ineffective form.
Medicine changes, and so does science.
Medicine claims ignorance as to the causes of our major diseases.
Medicine closes in on an artificial liver device.
Medicine concentrates on reported symptoms from a review of the body's anatomy and physiology.
Medicine concerns itself with health.
Medicine contains products.
Medicine continues to make strides in effectively treating serious mental disorders.
Medicine contributes to life.
Medicine costs money, of course.
Medicine covers nutrition, physiology, behavior, and counseling.
Medicine crawls like a bug.
Medicine cultivates disease.
Medicine deals with care.
Medicine deals with diagnosis treatments.
Medicine deals with disorder.
Medicine deals with skin disorder.
Medicine deals with the health and ills of our society.
Medicine deals with treatments.
Medicine defines health as non-disease, and cure, as disease elimination.
Medicine discusses personality formation in medical doctors.
Medicine does have a very important place beyond detoxification in dealing with chemical dependency.
Medicine exists to improve the life of another human being.
Medicine finds uses for magnesium in milk of magnesia and Epsom salts.
Medicine follows brain injuries.
Medicine follows injuries.
Medicine follows mild injuries.
Medicine further describes the intensity of a major depression as either mild, moderate, or severe.
Medicine gains one seat.
Medicine given by needle can burn.
Medicine given during the acute stage of infection is usually effective.
Medicine given through intravenous access sedates the patient during the operation.
Medicine goes digital.
Medicine goes even faster.
Medicine has benefits.
Medicine has effects.
Medicine has few side effects.
Medicine has formulae.
Medicine has health benefits.
Medicine has patients.
Medicine has side effects.
Medicine has significant benefits.
Medicine has significant health benefits.
Medicine has specialization.
Medicine has use.
Medicine helps heartburn pain.
Medicine helps pain.
Medicine helps progress.
Medicine helps stop the seizures.
Medicine helps symptoms.
Medicine helps to fight off germs, so people feel better.
Medicine here is a team effort.
Medicine here is socialized, so most things are free or inexpensive.
Medicine includes meat.
Medicine includes snake meat.
Medicine includes specialties.
Medicine is a medical science
Medicine is always a balancing act.
Medicine is available for the itching, nausea and vomiting, and pain.
Medicine is available to prevent TB from becoming active.
Medicine is available.
Medicine is capable of cargo.
Medicine is complex, and thus expensive, by nature.
Medicine is dead food.
Medicine is different.
Medicine is drugs.
Medicine is expensive and hard to come by in quantity.
Medicine is expensive and hard to obtain.
Medicine is expensive and most of it comes via donations from well-wishers.
Medicine is expensive.
Medicine is extremely costly and difficult to come by.
Medicine is falsifiable, meaning any claim medicine makes has to be supported by continued evidence.
Medicine is in evolution so it needs to evolutive applications.
Medicine is in laughter and joking so they can acquire new attitudes.
Medicine is in short supply.
Medicine is inexact.
Medicine is located in bathrooms.
Medicine is located in cabinets.
Medicine is located in doctors.
Medicine is located in hospitals.
Medicine is located in jars.
Medicine is many things to many people.
Medicine is maya.
Medicine is medical science.
Medicine is more an art than a science.
Medicine is more concerned with non-health, known as disease.
Medicine is more results oriented and places greater trust in professional expertise than does law.
Medicine is more than knowing how to diagnose and treat various diseases.
Medicine is much more supportive of women in the profession than it used to be.
Medicine is much more than a science or an applied science.
Medicine is much more than death prevention.
Medicine is now ten times what it was and is out of reach for most of our people.
Medicine is overprescribed and antimicrobials are overused in food production.
Medicine is real and it is progressing.
Medicine is replete with exceptions to the rules.
Medicine is replete with uncertainty.
Medicine is still in the dark ages.
Medicine is too expensive and getting more so.
Medicine is too specialized.
Medicine is treatments.
Medicine is used by doctors.
Medicine is vocation.
Medicine is weighty stuff.
Medicine isa science.
Medicine lacks a procedure for systematically examining causes of a disease.
Medicine lacks the precision of pure mathematics.
Medicine maintains that the two manifestation are caused by tumor secretions.
Medicine marches on, and in the breast cancer field the pace is brisk.
Medicine matters after all.
Medicine matters to lots of people.
Medicine meets virtual reality.
Medicine needs heroes today.
Medicine now competes directly with alternative therapies.
Medicine now has far more to offer than hope.
Medicine now is practiced side by side with multiple other categories of health care workers.
Medicine now is wonderful to treat acute illnesses and there is surgery to repair hernias, etc.
Medicine offers many exciting career choices.
Medicine only helps if a person takes it.
Medicine operates in a culture of blame, founded on malpractice and public accountability practices.
Medicine presents a life full of challenges both scientifically and ethically.
Medicine presumes that cancer evolves in a Darwinian fashion , which is obviously false.
Medicine prevents diseases.
Medicine primarily deals with matter as both cause and cure.
Medicine progresses incrementally and in unexpected ways.
Medicine protect near many converse sneakers for sale.
Medicine provides health.
Medicine provides one of the best examples of success for feminism.
Medicine reactions a leading cause of death.
Medicine regards such arguments as non-scientific.
Medicine relies heavily on visualization.
Medicine relies on clinical trials.
Medicine requires prescriptions.
Medicine saves life.
Medicine shows and old-time melodramas are regular summer fare.
Medicine shows differences.
Medicine stands alone among American institutions as the last bastion of cultural authority.
Medicine studies humans in health and sickness .
Medicine studies humans in health and sickness.
Medicine takes a mechanistic approach to illness.
Medicine takes care.
Medicine tos treat fungus infection.
Medicine tos treat illnesses.
Medicine tos treat infection.
Medicine tos treat mental illnesses.
Medicine treats effects, chiropractic corrects cause.
Medicine treats infection.
Medicine treats people at their most vulnerable moment.
Medicine treats with light what used to require knives.
Medicine tries to change the matter.
Medicine triggers effects.
Medicine triggers side effects.
Medicine uses in treatments.
Medicine uses techniques.
Medicine uses visualization wherever doctors probe, diagnose, or operate.
Medicine views pathogens as microorganisms capable of causing disease.
Medicine views the human organism as unrelated parts without any organizing, intelligent principle.
Medicine watches carefully for rejection after transfusions, organ transplants, and bone grafts.
Medicine weeds out the amateurs far better than art does.
Medicines act does that.
Medicines act on both.
Medicines affect different people in different ways.
Medicines also work well for many people.
Medicines are a good thing and a bad thing.
Medicines are a leading cause of serious and sometimes fatal accidental poisonings.
Medicines are a part of everyday life.
Medicines are an essential commodity and government can take action against the chemists.
Medicines are an essential element in international humanitarian relief efforts.
Medicines are available at a low cost to students.
Medicines are available at pharmacies .
Medicines are available at pharmacies.
Medicines are available in an uncontrolled way in many developing countries.
Medicines are available that actually reduce the production of acid.
Medicines are available to control the flushing.
Medicines are available to help, many that have no side effects.
Medicines are available to relieve the problem.
Medicines are available to remove the worms and, in many cases, reduce the risk of re-infection.
Medicines are available to shorten the time it takes to get used to high altitude.
Medicines are available.
Medicines are complicated stuff.
Medicines are critical to the survival of the transplanted organ.
Medicines are difficult to obtain.
Medicines are drugs that are helpful when one is sick.
Medicines are drugs.
Medicines are frequently unavailable from state pharmacies.
Medicines are generally significantly less expensive in Mexico than in the United States of America.
Medicines are hard to come by.
Medicines are in short supply and malnutrition is evident.
Medicines are in short supply or unavailable.
Medicines are in short supply so they are often treated without anesthetics or even painkillers.
Medicines are in short supply, sterility of equipment is questionable and treatment is unreliable.
Medicines are in short supply, sterility of equipment is questionable, and treatment is unreliable.
Medicines are in short supply.
Medicines are L-dopa and baclofen.
Medicines are less helpful than mist or warm fluids.
Medicines are likely to be out of their usual safe place.
Medicines are measured in millimeters.
Medicines are only one of many types of pain treatment.
Medicines are part of that spectrum.
Medicines are relatively expensive.
Medicines are resources and powers that are transmitted through objects or people.
Medicines are safe when they are used properly.
Medicines are scarce everywhere.
Medicines are scarce in most areas.
Medicines are scarce or often unavailable in most areas.
Medicines are scarce, in part because of the longstanding U.S. embargo against the island.
Medicines are scarce, in part because of the long-standing United States embargo against the island.
Medicines are sometimes different.
Medicines are thus unavailable in the hospitals.
Medicines are to be consumed in prescribed proportions, at prescribed time.
Medicines are very beneficial for treating and preventing diseases.
Medicines are very resonable.
Medicines can also affect the level of interest in sex and the ability to have an orgasm.
Medicines can also change the effect of warfarin on the body.
Medicines can also help control fibroid-related symptoms.
Medicines can be expensive to make, so machines typically pay for themselves within weeks.
Medicines can be helpful when there are problems with bladder control, for example.
Medicines can be VERY dangerous.
Medicines can cause different changes or effects in the body.
Medicines can change as they get older and cause harm or become ineffective.
Medicines can control the shakiness, anxiety and confusion that come with alcohol withdrawal.
Medicines can decrease the ability to have an erection.
Medicines can go through the milk to the baby.
Medicines can have side effects.
Medicines can help control the symptoms of nasal allergy.
Medicines can help prevent symptoms.
Medicines can help, but often lose effectiveness over time.
Medicines can interact, causing unpleasant and sometimes even dangerous side effects.
Medicines can interrupt the life cycle of a bacterium or virus at the molecular level.
Medicines can look like candy.
Medicines can mask symptoms.
Medicines can mend lives, but a few have wrought unintended, devastating consequences.
Medicines can now overcome serious conditions such as diabetes , asthma and high blood pressure.
Medicines can now stop gout attacks, as well as prevent future attacks and damage to the joints.
Medicines can only control blood pressure.
Medicines can only suppress symptoms of disease.
Medicines can restore the brain s chemistry.
Medicines can stimulate intestinal motility and help with propulsion of intestinal contents.
Medicines can stop gout attacks, as well as prevent further attacks and damage to the joints.
Medicines can stop gout attacks, as well as prevent future attacks and damage to the joints.
Medicines can stop saliva production.
Medicines can treat and cure many health problems.
Medicines can treat or prevent illness and disease.
Medicines can work in different ways to help people who have asthma.
Medicines change the lives of people around the world.
Medicines come and leave messages in the mind, in each blood cell, for a time.
Medicines come in childproof containers and cigarette lighters have childproof locks.
Medicines containing narcotics are analgesics also.
Medicines cost about what they do in the States.
Medicines exist which can rebuild bone density and therefore reduce the risk of a fracture.
Medicines given by injection are more expensive than tablets or liquids and take time to wear off.
Medicines given by mouth are either in tablet or liquid form.
Medicines grow all over.
Medicines have risks as well as benefits.
Medicines have the power to improve, extend and save lives when used properly.
Medicines help keep families together longer and improve the quality of life for patients.
Medicines help relieve pain and reduce inflammation.
Medicines help relieve pain and reduce swelling.
Medicines intended for human use can be deadly to pets.
Medicines Keep all medicines at adult eye level or higher.
Medicines keep employees on the job and productive in the community.
Medicines keep people out of the hospital, off the surgery table, on the job and in the home.
Medicines known to kill fungal spores are also toxic to humans, making treatment difficult.
Medicines make up the second-largest category of expenses, after housing.
Medicines powerfully adjust the body's metabolism in an attempt to stimulate healing.
Medicines remain expensive and beyond the reach of most people.
Medicines save lives and also improve our quality of life.
Medicines save lives, but few are completely free of risks or side effects.
Medicines save lives, relieve pain, cure and prevent disease.
Medicines save lives, relieve pain, cure and prevent diseases.
Medicines tend to have a very short shelf life.
Medicines truly are a two-edged sword.
Medicines uplifted by prayer and careful manufacture are powerful.
Medicines uplifted by proper care and attention to detail are powerful.
Medicines Use only child resistant covers.
Medicines work by adjusting the imbalance of chemicals in the brain.
Medicines Write in the brand name, dose and frequency of each medication in the first column.
Medicine often fails to offer relief to patients with chronic pain.
Medicines often have to be withdrawn because the side-effects turn out to be too poisonous.
Medicines often work by seeking out and latching onto target proteins in the body.
Medicines sometimes cause side effects that then require another medicine.
All medicine also carries risks.
All medicine is purchased at the student's expense.
All medicine is safely out of reach.
All medicine wants is pain to cure.
All medicines are deadly and dangerous, if taken repeatedly in large doses.
All medicines are drugs , are chemicals hostile to the human body, are poisons.
All medicines are in original containers and properly labeled.
All medicines are out of reach of children and stored in child-proof containers.
All medicines begin to lose their effectiveness past their expiration dates.
All medicines can be dangerous if taken incorrectly.
All medicines can have adverse effects.
All medicines can have side effects.
All medicines have a main therapeutic effect and side effects.
All medicines have a sacramental component and drug consumption is almost always ritualistic.
All medicines have labels.
All medicines have possible side effects.
All medicines have potential side effects, including allergic reactions and stomach upset.
All medicines have risks and benefits.
All medicines have side effects.
All medicines produce side-effects.
All medicines provided by the center for the treament of the students are also free.
Any medicine can cause unwanted effects.
Any medicine can cause unwanted side effects.
Any medicine can cause wheezing or shortness of breath in case of allergy to it.
Any medicine given in overdose can cause harm.
Any medicine is dangerous if taken to excess.
Any medicine needs time to work.
Any medicine used is homoeopathic whenever possible.
Every medicine can cause side effects, but many people have no, or minor, side effects.
Every medicine has side effects.
Many medicines affect senior citizens differently than they affect young people.
Many medicines also can help reduce and control high blood pressure.
Many medicines are available from more than one company.
Many medicines are available to treat cancer pain.
Many medicines are available to treat high blood pressure.
Many medicines are derived from chemicals extracted from wildlife.
Many medicines are the result of chemical manipulation of naturally occurring molecules.
Many medicines are unavailable.
Many medicines can affect the ability to have sex.
Many medicines can affect the way one drives.
Many medicines can cause impotence.
Many medicines can change the effects of digoxin.
Many medicines can decrease pain, including the ones listed below.
Many medicines can decrease pain.
Many medicines can help people control panic attacks.
Many medicines come from the earth.
Many medicines contain aluminium.
Many medicines contain parts made from benzene.
Many medicines have expiration dates.
Many medicines have similar structures to the protein fragments studied.
Many medicines increase or decrease the effectiveness or toxicity of cyclosporine.
Many medicines interfere or enhance the effect of anticoagulants.
Many medicines look like candy to children.
Many medicines prescribed for low back pain can make people feel drowsy.
Many medicines used to treat even common diseases can cause hair loss.
Most medicine achieves effects.
Most medicine affects results.
Most medicine affects symptoms.
Most medicine affects test results.
Most medicine causes effects.
Most medicine causes other side effects.
Most medicine causes side effects.
Most medicine contains products.
Most medicine deals with skin disorder.
Most medicine follows brain injuries.
Most medicine follows injuries.
Most medicine follows mild injuries.
Most medicine has benefits.
Most medicine has effects.
Most medicine has few side effects.
Most medicine has formulae.
Most medicine has health benefits.
Most medicine has patients.
Most medicine has side effects.
Most medicine has significant benefits.
Most medicine has significant health benefits.
Most medicine has specialization.
Most medicine helps heartburn pain.
Most medicine helps pain.
Most medicine helps progress.
Most medicine helps symptoms.
Most medicine includes meat.
Most medicine includes snake meat.
Most medicine includes specialties.
Most medicine is used by doctors.
Most medicine prevents diseases.
Most medicine provides health.
Most medicine requires prescriptions.
Most medicine saves life.
Most medicine shows differences.
Most medicine takes care.
Most medicine triggers effects.
Most medicine triggers side effects.
Most medicine uses in treatments.
Most medicine uses techniques.
Most medicines are a racimic mixture, meaning that they have a mixture of the two enantiomers.
Most medicines are available as generic brands for less money.
Most medicines are freely available in India and at a much cheaper rate than in western countries.
Most medicines are readily available in Saudi Arabia over the counter.
Most medicines are unobtainable.
Most medicines can be deadly, especially if taken in excessive amounts.
Most medicines can cause poisoning.
Most medicines come from plants anyway.
Most medicines come in a liquid form for oral use, or they can be mixed in a liquid by a pharmacist.
Most medicines contain more than their active ingredient, and many liquid medicines contain alcohol.
Most medicines contain more than their active ingredient.
Most medicines exert their therapeutic effect by interaction with a protein or nucleic acid.
Most medicines have some side effects.
Most medicines now come from the manufacturer in standard dosages.
Most medicines sold for coughs and colds are useless or harmful.
Most medicines taken for colds, hay fever, or headaches can cause drowsiness.
Some medicine affects blood sugar levels.
Some medicine affects diets.
Some medicine causes diarrhea.
Some medicine causes infertility.
Some medicine causes inflammation.
Some medicine causes ovulation.
Some medicine contains acid.
Some medicine contains alcohol.
Some medicine contains growth hormones.
Some medicine contains hormones.
Some medicine contains human growth hormones.
Some medicine contains human hormones.
Some medicine contains metal salt.
Some medicine contains salt.
Some medicine contains steroids.
Some medicine deals with classifications.
Some medicine focuses on digestive disorder.
Some medicine focuses on digestive system disorder.
Some medicine focuses on disorder.
Some medicine focuses on system disorder.
Some medicine has ability.
Some medicine has answers.
Some medicine has issues.
Some medicine influences effects.
Some medicine is given for a long time.
Some medicine is given for only a few days.
Some medicine is in short supply, particularly outside the larger cities.
Some medicine is in short supply.
Some medicine is made from the spit of vampire bats.
Some medicine is more effective on either an empty stomach or when taken with food.
Some medicine is used by american tribes.
Some medicine is used by indian tribes.
Some medicine is used by many american indian tribes.
Some medicine is used by many tribes.
Some medicine is used by tribes.
Some medicine leads to drowsiness.
Some medicine leads to reductions.
Some medicine promotes excretion.
Some medicine provides great insight.
Some medicine provides insight.
Some medicine stimulates ovulation.
Some medicine treats pulmonary hypertension.
Some medicines affect appetite.
Some medicines already contain an analgesic, so be sure to check the ingredients.
Some medicines also contain chemical colourings or preservatives that can trigger urticaria.
Some medicines also increase the risk of kidney stones.
Some medicines are available in liquid form that can be blended with fruit juices to mask the taste.
Some medicines are available over the counter for self administration.
Some medicines are available through local pharmacies.
Some medicines are available through our donations service.
Some medicines are available to treat parasitic infections.
Some medicines are dangerous when mixed with alcohol.
Some medicines are derived from wetland soils and plants.
Some medicines are difficult to obtain.
Some medicines are for adults only.
Some medicines are habit forming.
Some medicines are in short supply or locally unobtainable.
Some medicines are in short supply or unavailable.
Some medicines are in short supply or unobtainable.
Some medicines are in short supply.
Some medicines are life saving, others are less critical.
Some medicines are only available on a doctor's prescription.
Some medicines are very effective.
Some medicines are very inexpensive.
Some medicines are, however, available through local pharmacies.
Some medicines can add to a patient's confusion.
Some medicines can also cause a small number of ulcers.
Some medicines can also cause pimples.
Some medicines can be dangerous because they can slow blood clotting.
Some medicines can be dangerous when used to treat the wrong disease.
Some medicines can cause an increase in appetite.
Some medicines can cause chronic cough in some people.
Some medicines can cause constipation.
Some medicines can cause drowsiness and are best avoided while taking zolpidem tartrate.
Some medicines can cause excessive hair growth.
Some medicines can cause fatigue.
Some medicines can cause lichen planus.
Some medicines can cause loss of bone mass.
Some medicines can cause pancreatitis.
Some medicines can cause ulcers when they become lodged in the esophagus.
Some medicines can contribute to it.
Some medicines can damage the kidneys if the dose is too high.
Some medicines can ease the pain.
Some medicines can harm the baby.
Some medicines can have very serious side effects if they are stopped suddenly.
Some medicines can help people with dementia.
Some medicines can help the body's defenses fight disease for a longer time.
Some medicines can help to fight CMV disease.
Some medicines can interfere with how well asthma medications work.
Some medicines can interfere with the baby s development.
Some medicines can lead to constipation.
Some medicines can make it worse, too.
Some medicines can make tics worse.
Some medicines can prevent gallstones from forming during rapid weight loss.
Some medicines cause a low white blood cell count as a side effect.
Some medicines cause coughs as a side effect in everyone.
Some medicines cause depressive symptoms as side effects.
Some medicines cause hair loss.
Some medicines cause nausea.
Some medicines cause nerve and muscle activity to slow down in the stomach.
Some medicines depend on body water, muscle, fat, and protein to work in the right way.
Some medicines do have a potential to increase the production of tears.
Some medicines do turn the urine red.
Some medicines even react to certain foods.
Some medicines have a lot of room for error.
Some medicines have positional vertigo as a side effect.
Some medicines have to be injected through the nose.
Some medicines have to be taken after a feeding or, conversely, on an empty stomach.
Some medicines have to be taken in a specific way.
Some medicines have to be taken with meals or, conversely, on an empty stomach.
Some medicines help prevent asthma.
Some medicines increase the body s sensitivity to sun.
Some medicines increase the effect of others, and others counteract each other.
Some medicines interact dangerously with food or other medicines.
Some medicines make people more prone to having seizures.
Some medicines make the itchiness worse.
Some medicines make tics worse.
Some medicines overlap into multiple use groups.
Some medicines promote Hirsutism, such as birth control pills, hormones and anabolic steroids.
Some medicines reach an effective, seizure-preventing level in the blood more quickly than others.
Some medicines relax the tight muscles while others reduce or prevent the swelling and mucus.
Some medicines require a doctor's prescription.
Some medicines require a special inhaler.
Some medicines require prior approval.
Some medicines require special written papers from doctors.
Some medicines suppress the immune system.
Some medicines taste better or are easier to use when stored a certain way.
Some medicines used for depression and seizures also help chronic pain.
Mediclaim insurance is one of the ways to provide for such eventualities.
Medieval archaeology is seen as part of history.
Medieval armor is cited as one example along with the purdah of Algerian women.
Medieval bridges span romantic canals.
Medieval church ruins and warehouses blend with the low houses of wood and stone from later periods.
Medieval civilisation is studied in conjunction with another appropriate subject.
Medieval clothing is encouraged, though optional.
Medieval combat is also a healthy outlet for aggression and frustration.
Medieval commentators suggest the Bible actually depicts a process of gradual evolution.
All medieval commentators understand yovel to mean the sounding of a shofar.
Medieval crusades echo today in Lebanon, Palestine, and the Balkan violence.
Many medieval dishes have recipes in several sources.
Medieval documents are full of the names, dutifully recorded of whole families wiped out by disease.
Medieval elves play their flutes.
Medieval estimates are always exaggerated, but the force was certainly in the tens of thousands.
Medieval fairies appear frequently in romances.
Medieval Feasts describe what a great feast consisted of in the Middle Ages.
Some medieval fragments survive in the upper lights of the windows.
Some medieval glass survives in a tiny upper window in the chancel east wall.
Medieval guardian surrounds a castle protecting all that is within.
Medieval historians are as important as particle physicists.
Medieval hospitals are a case in point.
Medieval knights use two types of swords.
Medieval laws seem to be unduly biased against the baker.
Medieval life gives way to the doubts and fears of the individual in modern society.
Medieval literature is literary work.
Medieval literature provides a gateway to our past.
Medieval Manuscripts See our informative section on Medieval Manuscripts.
Medieval maps show Jerusalem at the epicenter of Asia, Europe, and Africa.
Medieval maps show Jerusalem at the epicentre of Asia, Europe, and Africa.
Medieval medicine appears to lack a degree of scientific knowledge.
Medieval moats highlight the difficulties accompanying waste disposer.
Medieval music is a particular passion.
Medieval music is the earliest known significant body of music composed in Western Europe.
All medieval music is simple and monophonic.
Medieval mysteries come alive here.
Medieval persons can acknowledge inner reality much more freely and easily.
Medieval pottery continues to be recovered.
Medieval practices are still in effect in Turkish prisons.
Medieval pronunciation is attempted as well.
Medieval recipes can be explicit, when they want to.
Medieval recipes can be reasonably explicit, when they want to.
Many medieval recipes recommend clarifying honey by combining it with wine.
Medieval records contain numerous drawings of hoists lifting men and supplies to isolated locations.
Medieval records present far greater challenges even to the most astute genealogical scholars.
Medieval religion embraces it.
Medieval romance derives mystery and suspense from supernatural elements.
Medieval sculptures show donors offering money-belts or other elaborate gifts.
Most medieval seats are portable.
Medieval sites abound.
Medieval stairs lead to a Victorian rood loft.
Medieval studies lecture.
Medieval technology plays a different role in East and West.
Medieval tiles are often quite thick and meaty in feel and appearance.
Medieval times return in a fun-packed programme.
Medieval villages perch on hillsides cloaked with dark forests hiding truffle secrets.
Medieval windows are rich in color and detail and are made of many small pieces.
Mediman interface is made of menus and buttons which drive operations and image display area.
Medina County has plans in the works to fix a dangerous intersection.
Medina County hits a nerve.
Medina County is currently one of the top ten fastest growing counties in Ohio.
Medina County is the second-largest county of residence for scientists and engineers.
Medina County is Wayne County, the dairy capital of Ohio.
Medina Lake promises great fishing for bass, catfish, crappie and white bass.
Medina man faces charges of shaking toddler.
A medina is a quarter
Medina actually does some pretty impressive work here.
Medina anxiously awaits the results.
Medina criticizes the county for failing to plan effectively, but it's a hard charge to make stick.
Medina has the most aggressive health department in northeast Ohio.
Medina heads the congregation.
Medina is a great place to visit and an even better place to live.
Medina is a neighbor and echoed the fact that the dock is very old and falling apart.
Medina is a short drive from both Cleveland and Akron.
Medina is an internationally recognized author, poet, and playwright.
Medina is compiled from four locally released cassettes spanning a four-year period.
Medina is human-sized, as prototype towns used to be.
Medina is in the middle of the block on the left.
Medina is the second holiest site, and Jerusalem is the third.
Medina jokes that people drop wheelbarrows down to become lowriders.
Medina offers a real-life lesson as well.
Medina promises space, style and service.
Medina reports that the observatory employees are in high spirits.
Medina says money can be saved on the costs if everyone works together.
Medina says the project has swallowed millions of bolivares like a bottomless pit.
Medina says, beaming.
Medinas are quarters.
Mediocre cables cause poor musical results.
Mediocre companies lose out over time in an open market.
Many mediocre films can produce some amount of satisfaction.
Many mediocre interviewers keep the conversation at the level of sterotypes.
Mediocre leadership leads to mediocre organizations filled with unrealized potential.
Mediocre men strive for excellence.
Mediocre options have good and bad aspects.
Mediocre people are very, very dangerous when they get together.
Every mediocre player has a great moment.
Any mediocre programmer can also add other routines to add mail accounts, etc.
Mediocre proposals contain general rather than specific objectives.
Mediocre quality is tolerated because customers usually choose features over stability.
Mediocre sites face the uphill battle of luring browsers back for a second look.
Mediocre teachers prefer to avoid tension at all costs.
Mediocre teams flounder.
Mediocre workers have no security dead wood is pushed out.
Mediocrity abounds in music, as it does in life.
Mediocrity already prevails on the Internet in terms of buyer and seller behavior.
Mediocrity becomes moral from a necessity which it has the impudence to call virtue.
Mediocrity becomes the standard of work.
Mediocrity can bring perspective.
Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
Mediocrity gets a pat on the back, but excellence is lavishly celebrated.
Mediocrity has no place in the land of success.
Mediocrity is a demon that beckons for that is the safe playground for the masses.
Mediocrity is a plague in our society.
Mediocrity is at a premium.
Mediocrity is bigger problem than lust or greed.
Mediocrity is defined when players plateau, unable to go further.
Mediocrity is excellent to the eye of the mediocre.
Mediocrity is gone.
Mediocrity is life's greatest sin.
Mediocrity is never acceptable but Christian mediocrity is out of the question.
Mediocrity is no longer acceptable in the marketplace.
Mediocrity is obscurity.
Mediocrity is out.
Mediocrity is perhaps a more appropriate term.
Mediocrity is quality
Mediocrity is rewarded according to some inexplicable logic of publicity and luck.
Mediocrity is rewarded with far greater frequency than originality.
Mediocrity is something that is obviously unacceptable here.
Mediocrity is the fruit of the moderate's faith.
Mediocrity is the quicksand on the path to achievement.
Mediocrity is the standard for most companies.
Mediocrity is to be avoided at all costs.
Mediocrity is to human endeavor what entropy is to physical systems.
Mediocrity is too common a characteristic of programmers.
Mediocrity is too safe.
Mediocrity is unacceptable.
Mediocrity kills creativity.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes geius.
Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
Mediocrity leads to a wasted life.
Mediocrity leads to atrophy.
Mediocrity leads to messed-up morals.
Mediocrity leads to nothing other than more mediocrity.
Mediocrity loves company .
Mediocrity makes up most of every period.
Mediocrity now prevails.
Mediocrity obtains more with application than superiority without it.
Mediocrity only produces more mediocrity.
Mediocrity rises to the top.
Mediocrity seems unavoidable.
Mediolateral episiotomies are the opposite.
Meditation retreats are plentiful and amazingly cheap.
Meditation room is for the cosmic bath of the mind based in pure consciousness.
Meditation rooms are available for patients and families.
Meditation affects both body and mind.
Meditation affects man's whole being.
Meditation allows more control over the mental processes and is a form of self-discipline.
Meditation allows one to become more aware of what is happening within.
Meditation allows one to calm oneself and to achieve self-awareness.
Meditation allows one to focus and clear the mind.
Meditation allows the person to take care of the daily disturbances quietly and peacefully.
Meditation alone can lead the practitioner into even greater illusion.
Meditation also creates a state of metabolic restfulness far deeper than that of deep sleep.
Meditation also enables individuals to gain greater control over their emotions.
Meditation also enhances psychic ability.
Meditation also has links to the making of art.
Meditation also helps.
Meditation also lowers the immune system resistance and induces the relaxation response.
Meditation also stimulates the pineal gland.
Meditation arises spontaneously from correct movement through the series of postures.
Meditation awakens the soul awareness in the seven chakras.
Meditation based only on colors can result in serious disturbances of consciousness.
Meditation basically aims at stopping the internal dialogue that constantly goes on in the mind.
Meditation beats stress - and psoriasis.
Meditation becomes a pathway to freedom and self-knowledge.
Meditation begins with a short scripture recitation and incense offering.
Meditation brings a complete break away from our daily stress.
Meditation brings about a fresh awakening and newness about things.
Meditation brings about a greater sense of self-awareness and understanding.
Meditation brings serenity.
Meditation brings swift intuitions.
Meditation brings the seeker into harmony with the totality.
Meditation brings unspeakable peace.
Meditation builds wisdom in our lives which helps restore our souls.
Meditation calls in light.
Meditation calls into question much of what passes for normalcy.
Meditation calms the body by putting it into an altered state.
Meditation calms the mind and the body.
Meditation can also be objectless, for example consisting of just sitting.
Meditation can also help an angry or frustrated child to calm down and rethink a situation.
Meditation can also help to temporarily calm children and reduce their stress level.
Meditation can also inspire prayer to share with others.
Meditation can also lead to mental quiet.
Meditation can and does enable individuals to achieve significant changes.
Meditation can be a source of relaxation.
Meditation can be a very good way to help to be more attentive and thus creative.
Meditation can be a wonderful healing tool or a furtherance to good health.
Meditation can be achieve at any moment and in any position.
Meditation can be an act of compassion for the community .
Meditation can be an exercise, a path, and a form of dance in the mind.
Meditation can be as simple as mentally focusing on breathing, a word, or an image.
Meditation can be as undisciplined as daydreaming.
Meditation can be difficult in the beginning.
Meditation can be either active or passive.
Meditation can be more intensive for kapha constitutions than for vata or pitta constitutions.
Meditation can be refreshing and nourishing as well as creating a sense of peace and inner harmony.
Meditation can be simply a quiet observing in silence and wonder.
Meditation can be very good for a person's mental health.
Meditation can be very simple to learn and practice.
Meditation can calm the mind, allowing it to focus on our conduct and actions.
Meditation can come in many forms.
Meditation can contribute a lot to tame the wicked mind.
Meditation can create a mental refuge from stress and aggravation.
Meditation can decrease stress and cardiovascular risks.
Meditation can do more.
Meditation can do wonders to anyone with depression.
Meditation can help balance the nervous system, and contribute to less stressful anger management.
Meditation can help increase our personal appreciation for life.
Meditation can help most people feel less anxious and more in control.
Meditation can help pain.
Meditation can help people relax which, in turn, can reduce stress and even relieve pain.
Meditation can help reduce stress, which causes crime.
Meditation can help.
Meditation can increase awareness.
Meditation can mean sitting quietly and breathing deeply for a few minutes.
Meditation can occur as imagery, as prayer or as chanting.
Meditation can offer peace and reveal how to experience joy now . . .
Meditation can raise blood pressure.
Meditation can rejuvenate the auric field.
Meditation can restore the lost balance.
Meditation can significantly reduce the catabolic decline.
Meditation can take many forms and has many uses.
Meditation can take many forms.
Meditation can thus become rather like being in a shooting gallery with the little ducks.
Meditation can transform our lives.
Meditation can ultimately become techniqueless or spontaneously organic.
Meditation causes peace of mind.
Meditation changes the makeup of both the body and the mind.
Meditation chews the cud and extracts the real nutriment from the mental food gathered elsewhere.
Meditation clears the mind and relaxes the body.
Meditation clears the playing field of all other desires.
Meditation comes first and last.
Meditation comes only when there is the complete ending of conflict.
Meditation confers peace and strength.
Meditation continues, of course, to understand more.
Meditation costs nothing , requires no special equipment and takes little investment in time.
Meditation costs nothing, requires no special equipment and demands only a small investment of time.
Meditation creates a vortex of stillness which harmony and love can descend.
Meditation creates space, openness, and silence.
Meditation creates the key to get from the mundae world to the magickal world.
Meditation creates the opportunity for a gap in habitual patterns.
Meditation cultivates inner strength through which true transformation can take place.
Meditation daily is the answer.
Meditation denotes a lengthened carrying of the same train of ideas.
Meditation destroys all causes of sorrow.
Meditation develops intuition.
Meditation develops positive thinking by insisting on practising perception of the self.
Meditation differs in that during it our mind is very active.
Meditation dissolves tension, and that is the source of all our problems.
Meditation dissolves the effects of the day's irritations, tensions, and stresses.
Meditation does have a mystique, though.
Meditation does help.
Meditation does produce strong trance states.
Meditation does something that nothing else can do.
Meditation draws the marrow from the bones.
Meditation eliminates thoughts of both the past and future.
Meditation embraces both the good and the bad without judgment or indulgence.
Meditation employs in an intuitive way all the faculties.
Meditation enables relaxation, awareness, mindfulness, peace, and the relaxation response.
Meditation enhances powers of observation and sharpens the mind.
Meditation enjoys broad popularity.
Meditation exercises in many kinds of spirituality often start with a focus on breathing.
Meditation expands the mind and opens up more options.
Meditation falls indirectly within the ethical realm.
Meditation Finding the calm within is a major key to stress reduction.
Meditation focuses on the mind and the body relaxes naturally as a result.
Meditation follows concentration.
Meditation follows prayer.
Meditation forms a large part of Buddhist life.
Meditation frees the mind from stress and ideas that enslave it.
Meditation further develops the brain and with that the intelligence of the person.
Meditation gives a new buoyancy and sense of freedom and a powerful antidote to stress.
Meditation gives comfort.
Meditation gives good success and prosperity which helps restore our souls.
Meditation gives vision of unity.
Meditation has a kind of snowball affect.
Meditation has a rich history within the Christian community.
Meditation has a very calming affect.
Meditation has many forms.
Meditation has many positive physiological and psychological benefits.
Meditation has measurable effects on the pattern of electrical impulses flowing through the brain.
Meditation has measurable physiological effects.
Meditation has no conflicts with any religion.
Meditation has roots in all the major spirtual practices of the world.
Meditation has techniques but no dogma, no belief system, no theology, no philosophy.
Meditation has the capacity to do both.
Meditation has two benefits.
Meditation helps accelerate the process.
Meditation helps calm the mind and can lead to insight.
Meditation helps in solving dilemmas.
Meditation helps one surrender tension, tightness and struggles with the body.
Meditation helps promote better health.
Meditation helps put things in a truer perspective.
Meditation helps the human mind to relax and be open to receive intuitive information.
Meditation helps to clear and purify the mind.
Meditation helps to satiate that hunger, say conference organizers.
Meditation helps to settle the mind and nervous system, and to directly experience inner calm.
Meditation helps to shift awareness from the rational to the intuitive mode of consciousness.
Meditation helps too.
Meditation improves clinicoelectroencephalographic measures in drug-resistant epileptics.
Meditation improves the enjoyment and quality of life in every aspect.
Meditation improves the soul's psychic sensitivity.
Meditation increases self-confidence and feelings of connection to others.
Meditation induces a state of deep rest that lessens the effects of stress on the body.
Meditation induces sense of oneness.
Meditation involves coming to a stillness of spirit and a stillness of body.
Meditation involves control of mind and mind is most unruly.
Meditation involves focusing one's thoughts, engaging oneself in inner contemplation or reflection.
Meditation involves giving the mind over to the consideration of truth.
Meditation involves long, sustained practice.
Meditation involves much practice, but the benefits are well worth it.
Meditation involves our heart and our spirit.
Meditation involves taking the time to clear and calm the mind.
Meditation involves withdrawing from external reality and achieving deep relaxation.
Meditation is .
Meditation is a complementary way to manage stress or distress.
Meditation is a complete rest for body and mind.
Meditation is a concentration practice to calm the activity of the mind.
Meditation is a conscious effort to change how the mind works.
Meditation is a constant cancelling in thought of crystallization inherent in particularization.
Meditation is a deep relaxation of body, mind, and spirit.
Meditation is a deep state of mental and physical relaxation coupled with an alert mental state.
Meditation is a doorway to freedom open to anyone at any time.
Meditation is a fabulous parenting tool.
Meditation is a form of guided thought.
Meditation is a form of mental relaxation.
Meditation is a form of prayer too.
Meditation is a form of stress reduction with philosophic psychological and physiological aspects.
Meditation is a gentle way of conquering the defilements which pollute the mind.
Meditation is a gesture of total being that encompasses and integrates body and mind.
Meditation is a good example of how the mind can affect the body.
Meditation is a good technique to help with stress reduction.
Meditation is a good way to learn focusing techniques.
Meditation is a great stress reliever, but sometimes it's hard to find the time or place for it.
Meditation is a great tool to help reduce stress.
Meditation is a great way to begin and end a busy day.
Meditation is a journey, an exciting journey.
Meditation is a key for unlocking and unfolding one's positive potential.
Meditation is a living activity, an inherently experiential activity.
Meditation is a lot like cultivating a new land.
Meditation is a means of transforming the mind.
Meditation is a mental discipline that ultimately leads the mind to a purified state.
Meditation is a mental exercise that reduces stress in the mind and correspondingly in the body.
Meditation is a method for acquainting our mind with virtue.
Meditation is a method of calming the mind and body.
Meditation is a natural process for restoring balance and harmony in the physiology.
Meditation is a natural situation.
Meditation is a necessary tool.
Meditation is a part of all spiritual traditions.
Meditation is a part of every class.
Meditation is a path to creating and maintaining that place of peace and stillness within.
Meditation is a path which is rooted in the ground of a vision of the human design and possibility.
Meditation is a period of time set aside every day to quiet the mind.
Meditation is a positive attitude of mind.
Meditation is a powerful relaxant.
Meditation is a powerful tool for doing that work.
Meditation is a practice of mindfulness.
Meditation is a prayerful reviewing of Scripture.
Meditation is a process of concentrating the mind on an object or activity.
Meditation is a process of cultivation.
Meditation is a quiet reflection upon the words of Scripture.
Meditation is a reference to prayer.
Meditation is a result of discipline.
Meditation is a returning to our center within.
Meditation is a revered tradition.
Meditation is a safe and simple way to balance a person's physical, emotional, and mental states.
Meditation is a self-directed practice for relaxing the body and calming the mind.
Meditation is a self-directed technique used to calm the mind and promote inner harmony.
Meditation is a short process, ten minutes each day can make a difference.
Meditation is a simple but definite exercise free from national, religious, gender or age bias.
Meditation is a solitary practice.
Meditation is a soundless sonic boom in the silence of the stopped universe.
Meditation is a state of being, arrived at through understanding.
Meditation is a state of consciousness that can be understood only on a direct, intuitive level.
Meditation is a state of consciousness that can be understood only on by doing.
Meditation Is a state of focused attention through which one emerges into a clear awareness.
Meditation is a state of heightened mental awareness.
Meditation is a state of mind which is free of conflicts.
Meditation is a state of quiet that amplifies the intuition.
Meditation is a state of rest while remaining awake and alert.
Meditation is a state that has to be achieved.
Meditation is a synthesis of the experience of mind, body, breath and environment.
Meditation is a technique of directed concentration.
Meditation is a technique used to restore a state of peacefulness relaxation, and inner balance.
Meditation is a technique.
Meditation is a thing of the past.
Meditation is a tool for that preparation.
Meditation is a tool in developing psychometry.
Meditation is a tool used to further clarify tarot card symbolism.
Meditation is a useful self help technique that can be used without any adherence to any religeon.
Meditation is a very common way to deal with stress.
Meditation is a very powerful healing tool.
Meditation is a very sacred place.
Meditation is a very useful tool for inner discoveries of any kind.
Meditation is a very useful tool.
Meditation is a way of bringing the non-duality of wilderness mind back home.
Meditation is a way of pure prayer marked by silence, stillness, and simplicity.
Meditation is a way of seeing clearly the totality of one's being and experience.
Meditation is a way of silence, stillness and simplicity.
Meditation is a way to brighten a dark room again.
Meditation is a way to enlightenment.
Meditation is a way to gain insight and awareness.
Meditation is a way to gain self-control.
Meditation is a way to get inner peace.
Meditation is a way.
Meditation is a wonderful resource for experiencing peace and clarity.
Meditation is a wonderful tool for relaxation and peace of mind.
Meditation is a wonderful way to help the stress that builds up in our busy lives slowly melt away.
Meditation is a word which has many definitions.
Meditation is a worthwhile undertaking.
Meditation is about beginning again.
Meditation is about experiences that are often beyond the mind's knowing.
Meditation is about going to a place where the answers and the questions are one.
Meditation is about mindful relaxation.
Meditation is about more than flying around the cosmos in a trance.
Meditation is about quieting the mind.
Meditation is above all a quest.
Meditation is actually one of the more popular parts of the path.
Meditation is all about balance.
Meditation is all about 'sati' - awareness.
Meditation is all the time.
Meditation is almost essential for helping to improve mediumship.
Meditation is also a broader category.
Meditation is also a form of giving, of giving up.
Meditation is also a very helpful thing.
Meditation is also a wonderful to deal with stress.
Meditation is also an effective and inexpensive stress buster.
Meditation is also an opening.
Meditation is also beneficial.
Meditation is also effective when combined with other mind-body techniques.
Meditation is also important, just spend some quiet time alone.
Meditation is also invaluable as a tool for self-healing.
Meditation is an act of life.
Meditation is an act of supreme beauty.
Meditation is an activity that can lead to deep relaxation.
Meditation is an activity.
Meditation is an age-old method of alleviating stress and tension.
Meditation is an age-old method of helping people to find inner peace and harmony.
Meditation is an alternative therapy to relieve physical and mental stress.
Meditation is an ancient art, a way of quieting the mind.
Meditation is an ancient art.
Meditation is an ancient concentration practice that develops calmness and insight.
Meditation is an art that requires patience.
Meditation is an education.
Meditation is an effective way to manage a stressful situation.
Meditation is an effortless concentration on a single point over an extended period of time .
Meditation is an essential part of human nature.
Meditation is an excellent means of relaxation.
Meditation is an excellent method for accessing the void in a deliberate manner.
Meditation is an excellent technique for inner healing.
Meditation is an excellent way to gain inner peace and strengthen inner resources.
Meditation is an extension of prayer, the service of the heart.
Meditation is an extremely powerful method having enormous benefits.
Meditation is an important element of the practice.
Meditation is an important part of many religions.
Meditation is an important spiritual discipline.
Meditation is an important time in our worship services.
Meditation is an integral component in the training.
Meditation is an integration of consciousness.
Meditation is an intense spiritual act that brings the soul into harness.
Meditation is an unbroken flow of thought towards an external object or an internal idea.
Meditation is another form of relaxing oneself when they have been under a lot of stress.
Meditation is another helpful tool.
Meditation is another tool that reduces stress and promotes an overall sense of well-being.
Meditation is another way to experience inner peace and tranquility.
Meditation is another way.
Meditation is as ancient as our ability to reflect inwards.
Meditation is as individual a spiritual tool as any other.
Meditation is at the heart of Buddhist philosophy and training.
Meditation is basically a process of concentration, deepening and expansion.
Meditation is both the end and the means to itself.
Meditation is bullshit.
Meditation is but one road.
Meditation is called a spiritual discipline.
Meditation is completed by right effort, right mindfulness and right concentration.
Meditation is concentration.
Meditation is concerned with energy flow - energy which is fiery and impersonal in nature.
Meditation is contemplation.
Meditation is creative use of mental energy.
Meditation is dangerous.
Meditation is definitely a spiritual path as well.
Meditation is dhyana, the seventh step in the ashtanga system.
Meditation is dhyana.
Meditation is difficult and takes tremendous discipline.
Meditation is difficult.
Meditation is done in Alpha, and hypnosis, and sleep, where dreams emerge.
Meditation is done to help develop focus and concentration.
Meditation is done with attention on the breath.
Meditation is effective but takes years to learn properly.
Meditation is effectively a form of sensory depravation.
Meditation is enthusiasm for the simple.
Meditation is especially popular and basically had it's foundation in the Orient. .
Meditation is essential for engaging the spirit of our souls.
Meditation is essentially the science of light, because it works in the substance of light.
Meditation is fast, affective, and easy for anyone to do at anytime.
Meditation is for anyone wishing to just be, and be quiet.
Meditation is for overall physical and mental health.
Meditation is found to be very useful in controlling hypertension.
Meditation is from moment to moment.
Meditation is fundamental to religion.
Meditation is hard, truly a learned art.
Meditation is in order here.
Meditation is inherently easy.
Meditation is instinctive.
Meditation is intended to purify the mind.
Meditation is invaluable in exorcizing destructive nervous tension.
Meditation is just as important as study.
Meditation is just the essence, the very essence.
Meditation is largely a lost practice in our busy, image driven culture.
Meditation is learned in early childhood and practised frequently.
Meditation is life without name, without form.
Meditation is like coming home.
Meditation is like going on a holiday, daily.
Meditation is like sharpening a pencil, sharpening the mind so to speak.
Meditation is like that too.
Meditation is likely to increase the neural activity in the system.
Meditation is limited to raising current aura to one point above maximum aura.
Meditation is made easy.
Meditation is meant to bring about awareness, nothing else.
Meditation is meant.
Meditation is medicine for the mind.
Meditation is medicine.
Meditation is mentioned as a form of mental stimulation.
Meditation is method of purification of the mind.
Meditation is more central to their lives than sex, food, or sleep.
Meditation is more than reading the Bible and believing it.
Meditation is most successful when done in a comfortable, private place - free of distractions.
Meditation is much simpler than most people realize.
Meditation is necessary for both beginners and advanced beings.
Meditation is needed only in crisis.
Meditation is needed.
Meditation is neither a silent reverie nor keeping the mind blank.
Meditation is non-judgmental.
Meditation is nothing but protracted or sustained concentration.
Meditation is nothing new to India.
Meditation is of two types-analytical and stabilizing.
Meditation is offered.
Meditation is one excellent method that can help.
Meditation is one of nature's miracles.
Meditation is one of the best stress relievers known.
Meditation is one of the proven alternative therapies.
Meditation is one such tool.
Meditation is one way of bringing body and spirit together in harmony and clear communication.
Meditation is one way to find inner peace.
Meditation is one way to keep our lives and minds uncluttered.
Meditation is one way to open that connection.
Meditation is one way.
Meditation is only one part of it.
Meditation is originally nothing special.
Meditation is our duty.
Meditation is participatory observation.
Meditation is particularly popular.
Meditation is practiced because it cultivates awareness and the ability to sustain awareness.
Meditation is practiced to foster mindfulness.
Meditation is primarily concerned with caring for the mind.
Meditation is probably a good example.
Meditation is probably as widely misunderstood as it is widely practiced.
Meditation is probably the best preparation.
Meditation is probably the crux and fundamental value of yoga therapy.
Meditation is psychological activity.
Meditation is pure awareness and concentration.
Meditation is quietly sexy, in the way that getting a massage or listening to great music is.
Meditation is really just a way of systematically tuning out mental chatter.
Meditation is really the basic issue.
Meditation is really the basic kind of giving.
Meditation is recommended.
Meditation is reduced to a method of self-negation.
Meditation is reflection
Meditation is related to another area of interest, another level of concern entirely.
Meditation is silence.
Meditation is simple, natural, and fun.
Meditation is simply a form of consciously relaxing.
Meditation is simply a question of being, of melting, like a piece of butter left in the sun.
Meditation is simply a quiet, effortless, one-pointed focus of attention and awareness.
Meditation is simply spiritual chewing.
Meditation is simply the art of becoming aware of the present moment.
Meditation is simply the art of mental self-control.
Meditation is simply the study of the Inner self.
Meditation is skills.
Meditation is so calming.
Meditation is so easy that even young children can practice meditation.
Meditation is some thing that is of daily life.
Meditation is something done in quiet caves by tranquil people who move slowly.
Meditation is something like dusting one's mind.
Meditation is something very few really understand, it involves Quieting The Mind.
Meditation is something very few really understand.
Meditation is sometimes difficult.
Meditation is such a glorious thing.
Meditation is taught on an idealistic basis, and courses are affordable.
Meditation is that half a chance.
Meditation is that much fun, but it is more of a relief, works better, and is cheaper.
Meditation is the actual practice, and conduct is the discipline necessary to stay on the path.
Meditation is the art of calming the mind and focusing it on a spiritual object.
Meditation is the art of centering consciousness in the true self by quieting the mind.
Meditation is the art of doing nothing.
Meditation is the art of opening to each moment with calm awareness.
Meditation is the bath of the mind, just as a water bath freshens the body.
Meditation is the beginning of creativity.
Meditation is the best way to train our mind to be strong, firm, and calm at the same time.
Meditation is the bookmark.
Meditation is the bridge to meaningful obedience.
Meditation is the concentration of the inner truth of fundamental reality.
Meditation is the conscious placing and maintenance of attention.
Meditation is the contemplation on the foundational principle of religion.
Meditation is the dictionary, but inward peace is the grammar of mysticism.
Meditation is the eye of the soul which enables one to see the light that never changes.
Meditation is the final gateway to Self-realization.
Meditation is the focus of the mind upon that which is virtuous.
Meditation is the foremost austerity.
Meditation is the foundation of every religion.
Meditation is the foundation.
Meditation is the grand means of growth and grace.
Meditation is the greatest purity.
Meditation is the healing of the mind.
Meditation is the key for opening the doors of mysteries.
Meditation is the key to the attainment of the above kind of equilibrium.
Meditation is the last class of the evening.
Meditation is the life of the soul, action is the soul of mediation.
Meditation is the means to spiritual enlightenment.
Meditation is the means.
Meditation is the most powerful mental and nerve tonic.
Meditation is the natural way to provide deep relaxation for body and mind.
Meditation is the observation of oneself.
Meditation is the only means to stabilize the mind.
Meditation is the only method that can bring about harmony in our life.
Meditation is the only real royal road to the attainment of salvation.
Meditation is the passageway to insight, focus, awareness, and the awakening.
Meditation is the path of development.
Meditation is the perennial source of hope for the whole of humanity.
Meditation is the practice by which there is constant observation of the mind.
Meditation is the practice of resting the mind.
Meditation is the premise in achieving peace of mind.
Meditation is the process of both refinement and nourishment.
Meditation is the process of calming and training the monkey to be still.
Meditation is the process of discovering our true identity, our innate divinity.
Meditation is the process of knowing, realizing the true Self within.
Meditation is the process of learning how mind works and how to be.
Meditation is the process of slowing the mind and developing insight.
Meditation is the process of using our mind to establish communication with our inner-self.
Meditation is the pure work of attention.
Meditation is the result of experience.
Meditation is the seventh stage in Yoga.
Meditation is the shower.
Meditation is the slow doing.
Meditation is the source of life, of revitalisation.
Meditation is the time honored technique for taming, training and transforming the mind.
Meditation is the tool to look inward to find where real happiness is.
Meditation is the very fact of life, so immense that only silence can approach.
Meditation is the working tool in mysticism, the alpha and the omega of it, so to speak.
Meditation is timeless.
Meditation is to be practised in a sitting posture, as in that case only meditation is practicable.
Meditation is to religion what the laboratory is to science.
Meditation is to the heart what digestion is to the body.
Meditation is undivided, unchanged, all-embracing.
Meditation is used for relaxation, enlightenment, and health.
Meditation is used for relaxation.
Meditation is useful but is very difficult for some individuals.
Meditation is usually an inner work focussing on brain activity and so outwardly is less expressive.
Meditation is very good.
Meditation is very much like being in a quiet space.
Meditation is very ordinary, very common.
Meditation is very simple.
Meditation is well know for decreasing stress and strengthing the ability to concentrate.
Meditation is well known to lower blood pressure and increase oxygenation in the body.
Meditation is what listens to our listening.
Meditation is worship.
Meditation keeps the mind in peace.
Meditation kills all pains, sufferings and sorrows.
Meditation leads to great inner clarity, peace and happiness.
Meditation leads to the purification of the mind.
Meditation Learn about meditation.
Meditation Learn how to use breath and awareness to quiet the mind.
Meditation Learn the art of meditation from one of the West's most respected spiritual teachers.
Meditation lets down the barrier between our rational consciousness and spiritual depths.
Meditation lies at the very core of the Jewish spiritual experience.
Meditation lowers biological age.
Meditation lowers blood pressure too.
Meditation lowers blood pressure.
Meditation makes a person more serene and quiet.
Meditation makes a person to know and to Be.
Meditation makes it easier.
Meditation makes the words one s own by identification.
Meditation makes use of light imagery to generate feelings of love, peace, and healing.
Meditation means a variety of things in today's world.
Meditation means awareness.
Meditation means bringing something back to the mind again and again.
Meditation means eating the word, digesting it, and incorporating it concretely into our lives.
Meditation means many things to many people.
Meditation means serenity in life.
Meditation means to continuously think of something, or to rest upon one thought.
Meditation measurably reduces stressful reactions in the body.
Meditation naturally alleviates stress - getting to the root cause of the stress.
Meditation needs great work.
Meditation never begins and never ends.
Meditation offers a new fully interactive online feature called the Oracle of Changes.
Meditation offers health and wellness for mind, body, and spirit.
Meditation opens our awareness to the subtle levels of our being.
Meditation opens the mind.
Meditation plays a vital part in reducing stress and promoting good health.
Meditation plays an important role in the practice of vigilance.
Meditation precedes effective activity . . .
Meditation probably does reduce stress.
Meditation produces a feeling of deep relaxation.
Meditation produces joy and praise which restores our soul.
Meditation provides a higher awareness of the details of everyday life.
Meditation provides the deepest possible rest and relaxation, vitalizing mind and body.
Meditation purifies the mind, speech and body.
Meditation puts the brakes on the over-busyness of the body and the mind and thus prevents violence.
Meditation puts the word in the mind.
Meditation quiets the mind, allowing the freedom to perceive other levels of reality.
Meditation raises energy from lower to higher centers.
Meditation really works.
Meditation reduces activity in the nervous system.
Meditation reduces stress and helps maintain calmness in any life situation.
Meditation reduces stress, deepens relaxation and revitalizes the body, mind and spirit.
Meditation reflecting nonjudgment, nonpossession and untouchability leads to magic.
Meditation regulates itself.
Meditation relaxes vessels, reduces blood pressure.
Meditation remains stopped even after the universe starts up again.
Meditation requires conscious effort.
Meditation requires discipline.
Meditation requires no change in lifestyle.
Meditation requires some effort in the beginning.
Meditation restores natural power to the mind just as charging restores power to a worn out battery.
Meditation results in our experiencing physical well being.
Meditation saves the heart from merciless punishment by the thinking mind.
Meditation seeks to focus the mind and slow down all of the distraction.
Meditation seems to attract people.
Meditation seems to have an effect that contributes to slowing down and being in the now.
Meditation serves the community at large.
Meditation shatters the illusion Of our separateness.
Meditation sounds more exciting and interesting.
Meditation speaks of a solemn, holy quietness.
Meditation stabilizes the emotional energy field.
Meditation stills the active mind.
Meditation stops being difficult and becomes a delightful adventure inwards.
Meditation strengthens a child s powers of concentration.
Meditation strives to teach acceptance of the here and now.
Meditation takes energy.
Meditation takes 'gumption'.
Meditation takes place at a higher level of mind and implies mental dynamics.
Meditation takes practice and it's the process of practicing that makes it so helpful.
Meditation takes the form of focusing on technique and form.
Meditation takes the veil off of the truth.
Meditation teaches people to be comfortable doing nothing.
Meditation techniques eg.
Meditation therefore is made as well for evil as for good.
Meditation too is OK, illumining wherever it happens to alight.
Meditation turns accepted information into experience.
Meditation undoubtedly can help a person to feel better and stronger.
Meditation works because it allows the central nervous system to become more integrated.
Meditation works much more, much much more like a rheostat.
Meditations are open to all interested parties.
Meditations can be serious or funny.
Meditations is a collection of large-scale prints and paintings.
Meditations is a site providing meditation consultations via email.
Meditations provides scriptural guidance and encouragement for daily living.
Meditations take place in the temple of mercy to prolong life.
Meditation usually involves intense concentration and oblivion to external distraction.
All meditation is dangerous in that it upsets the status quo .
All meditation is for the purpose of keeping out all other thoughts.
All meditations start on time, please leave enough time to be settled down.
Every meditation is a training.
Every meditation is a valuable part of a larger process of spiritual unfoldment.
Some meditations suggest closing the eyes and just empty the mind.
Meditational exercises are notoriously impossible to convey in word-descriptions.
Meditative awareness seeks to see reality exactly as it is.
Meditative concentration is a mental state in which the mind remains peacefully withdrawn.
Meditative contemplation is a powerful tool to promote inner awareness, intuition, and reflection.
Meditative oneness is easy.
Meditative potential is another.
Meditative self help approach to reducing road rage.
Meditative stillness influences our destiny in the direction of free choice during turning points.
Meditative techniques are the product of diverse cultures and peoples around the world.
Meditative walks are more cleansing, falling in love more mystifying, good-byes more devastating.
Meditech applications are well suited for interactive computer based training.
Mediterranean bulbs have different requirements for blooming.
Mediterranean climate is characterized by the presence of a long period of hot, dry weather.
Mediterranean climate is situated on the banks of the mighty Murray River.
Mediterranean climate yields highly variable stream flows.
Mediterranean cooking has many delicious low-fat main dishes.
Mediterranean cuisine favors the use of oregano as well.
Mediterranean cuisine is the specialty, but sandwiches are also served.
Mediterranean cuisine is varied and sumptuous for many reasons.
Mediterranean custom obliges hospitality to people who pass by the village.
Mediterranean design has pecan finish.
Mediterranean diets consist of food.
Mediterranean diets consist of prepare food.
Mediterranean diets focus on food.
Mediterranean diets focus on healthy food.
Mediterranean diets help diseases.
Mediterranean diets include fruit.
Mediterranean diets include little red meat.
Mediterranean diets include meat.
Mediterranean diets include oil.
Mediterranean diets include olive oil.
Mediterranean diets include red meat.
Mediterranean diets increase energy.
Mediterranean diets play roles.
Most mediterranean diets consist of food.
Most mediterranean diets consist of prepare food.
Most mediterranean diets focus on food.
Most mediterranean diets focus on healthy food.
Most mediterranean diets help diseases.
Most mediterranean diets increase energy.
Most mediterranean diets play roles.
Some mediterranean diets help prevent diseases.
Mediterranean dishes are rich in flavor, thanks to herbs like basil, parsley, and oregano.
Mediterranean flair meets contemporary design.
Mediterranean fruit fly eradication.
Mediterranean ingredients are legendary and shared among diverse cultures.
Mediterranean mantises work well for a variety of insect pests.
Mediterranean meals include plenty.
Mediterranean region plays an important role in Turkey's tourism industry.
Mediterranean regions receive abundant rainfall.
Mediterranean regions receive abundant winter rainfall.
Mediterranean regions receive rainfall.
Mediterranean regions receive winter rainfall.
Most mediterranean regions receive abundant rainfall.
Most mediterranean regions receive abundant winter rainfall.
Most mediterranean regions receive rainfall.
Most mediterranean regions receive winter rainfall.
Mediterranean roots are evident in the chef, with American and Asian twists.
Mediterranean sand is too dirty.
Mediterranean seafood can be more defined and complicated.
Mediterranean style diets help diseases.
Mediterranean summers feature clear skies, cool nights, and little rain.
Mediterranean tourism invest corporation.
Mediterranean wines are available.
Mediterranean has (part) Cyprus.
Mediterranean has (part) Malta.
Mediterranean isa thing.
Medium acidity sloshes around somewhere in between.
Medium action is the most adaptable to a person's individual timing and reflexes.
Medium amplification is enough.
Medium apartments have one double bed and two twin sized trundle beds.
Medium application is recommended.
Medium assortment features approx.
Medium blue is good for a background with the text in white, bright yellow, pink, etc.
Medium blue is preferred.
Medium boxes are somewhere in between, and are currently the most popular.
Medium bunny is made out of painted muslin rolled in Cinnamon.
Medium coals are best for burgers.
Medium coals glow through a layer of gray ash.
Medium coffees are a complex, spicy mixture of both ends of acidity.
Medium colors are ones that bring average price of for extra large.
Medium confidence is assigned.
Medium contrast makes for better reproduction.
Medium crickets are the fare.
Medium cups are good for younger or beginning hornists.
Medium currents ensure an excellent visibility and an enormous quantity of life.
Medium difficulty adds a jib sail control and random wind direction shifts.
Medium dogs are better suited to young children as they are heartier and less defensive.
Medium enterprises provide jobs.
Most medium enterprises provide jobs.
Medium exposure can produce headaches, drowsiness, confusion, and fast heart rate.
Medium exposure can produce severe throbbing headaches, drowsiness, confusion and fast heart rate.
Medium exposure can produce severe throbbing headaches, drowsiness, confusion, and fast heart rate.
Medium factors refer to the channel used to transmit the information.
Medium feedback is the same as low unless ccase, punc, or spacing is checked.
Medium fertility is best it produces a balance between top growth and root growth.
Medium flows cover the rocks, and form good waves and a couple holes.
Medium format is better than small format.
Medium format is much better, and large format is the best.
Medium format offers a good compromise between quality, cost and convenience.
Medium formats can be in acetate sleeves.
A medium frequency is a radio frequency
Medium frequencies cause the membrane in the middle cochlea to vibrate.
Medium frets allow for precise intonation.
Medium gain setting add tube like harmonics for fatness and warmth.
Medium games are Barbu and Last Two.
Medium gray is best.
Medium green is the healthiest color.
Medium green is the most highly prized, since it is the most difficult to find.
Medium grind finches eat seeds.
Medium heat is best.
Medium heat is fine.
Medium heat setting generally yields the best results.
Medium heat works best.
Some medium heat adds cream salt.
Some medium heat adds salt.
Medium images are a standard picture of the product that allow the user to see it in fair detail.
Medium images are approx.
Medium industries are all forest-based, producing veneers, teak chests and plyboards.
Medium length is safest.
Medium levels come from soil microbes.
Medium lines are ideal for exploring thoughts and ideas.
Medium machinery is okay.
Medium minds talk about events.
Medium paint is recommended.
Medium peels can remove fine and some medium depth wrinkles and lines.
Medium people speak about places and things.
Medium players discuss the hands afterwards, mostly bragging about their good boards.
Any medium player can do the same.
Medium point can have black, blue or red ink.
Medium potato tops with butters.
Medium potato tops with teaspoon butters.
Most medium potato tops with teaspoon butters.
Medium power provides a nice view of the cluster itself.
Medium price works better than too cheap.
Medium red is most common.
Medium resolution is also acceptable for publication in journals.
Medium rings have a large variety of structures.
Medium roast retains more caffeine content.
Medium salt is about the size of salt that comes on a pretzel.
Medium security inmates up to six hours per week , excluding holidays.
Medium security is normal.
Medium security is recommended for users looking to improve the speed of console updates.
Medium shade occurs where open shade is further obscured by trees.
Medium size is approx.
Medium size is optimum for body makeup.
Medium size leaves.
Medium solids cure and seal.
Medium speed is good for large amounts of text and small pictures.
Medium speed is what people do mostly.
Medium spoons do everything in-between.
Medium stalks are usually the most tender.
Medium stars are very common.
Medium tannins frame the flavors, which linger in the finish.
Medium tasters tend to like all foods, and to be more fussy about preparation.
Medium tasters tend to think a lot about food in an eager, positive way.
Medium temper allows great flexibility for outstanding comfort and performance.
Medium thickness is the best for most horses.
Medium tones are preferred.
Medium tones are very popular in the Midwest.
Medium tones are well defined and shadows deeply saturated.
Medium tones fill in the rest of the area.
Medium towers are the standard chassis for most home computer systems.
Medium towers come in many different varieties of styles and colors.
Medium towers come with more expansion bays variances than other types of towers and enclosures.
Medium trails are a little bit longer than easy trails, and are more strenuous.
Medium travel is required.
Medium tufts are for larger gaps, particularly between the molars.
Medium velocity is optimal for perception.
Medium version is now available for download.
Medium violet falls are diamond dusted, strongly flared, and bustling with looping ruffles.
Medium viscosity determines the rate at which sound is attenuated.
Medium voltage fault current limiters.
Medium water is found in between.
A medium wave is a radio emission
Medium wave infrared is seen as a red glow.
Medium wave is all they have got.
Medium weight is blue with red binding.
Medium wool falls between long wool and fine wool, and it is useful for many different purposes.
Medium wrench is the typical length for most too sets .
A medium is instrumentation
Media act as filters.
Media allows ample room for growth.
Media also act as a check on local government in the United States.
Media also has a role.
Media also have a responsibility to report economic information in an ethical and impartial manner.
Media also helps to keep the lesson organzied and helps to clarify .
Media also reflect and enhance the themes of the annual conference.
Media also schedules and delivers equipment for classroom use and provides in-house viewing rooms.
Media also seeks to shape audiences into political constituencies.
Media also send more subtle messages about girls' value and future potential.
Media appears here every other week.
Media appears here every two weeks.
Media are a container with an unprecedented volume.
Media are acrylics, oils, watercolor, etc.
Media are ad-driven businesses.
Media are also powerful in that they are unavoidable.
Media are among very few links between children and public policymakers.
Media are an important ally in upholding First Amendment rights.
Media are another source of breaking information.
Media are available by membership.
Media are available separately for making copies of the products.
Media are businesses with corporate interests and commercial implications.
Media are businesses, commercial enterprises.
Media are carefully manufactured cultural products.
Media are critically important in our lives.
Media are cultural institutions.
Media are extensions of our senses.
Media are extremely profitable for owners.
Media are felt-tip pen on colored paper.
Media are fragmenting, consumers are in control and data is out of control.
Media are images, text, backgrounds, sounds, etc.
Media are important in focusing decision-makers on importance of data.
Media are in another category.
Media are in business for profit.
Media are mass communication vehicles, like magazines, newspapers, outdoor, radio, and television.
Media are mass-produced messages that shape dominant cultural representations.
Media are most welcome to attend.
Media are most welcome to visit the exercise.
Media are now outspoken.
Media are only interested in the big stories.
Media are our culture.
Media are primarily businesses driven by a profit motive.
Media are primarily oils, but acrylics, watercolors and egg tempera are explored.
Media are product of the society.
Media are responsible for all costs including room, food, telephone calls, laundry, etc.
Media are sources of ideas about society, but so are other sources, such as travel.
Media are the forms of communication associated with particular ways of representing knowledge.
Media are the largest employer in the world.
Media are the physical forms in which a message is incorporated and displayed.
Media are the problem.
Media are their tools.
Media are things the teacher uses to show to, or work with, the class.
Media are thus the vehicles of cultural communications.
Media are too diverse to be used in general ways.
Media are tools.
Media are welcome at all session of the institute.
Media are welcome at the ceremony.
Media are welcome at the event.
Media are welcome in all events, unless the meetings are specified as closed committee meetings.
Media are welcome to attend and observe the sessions and talk to participants.
Media are welcome to attend and observe.
Media are welcome to attend and talk with candidates, recruiters and agency officials.
Media are welcome to attend any or all of the sessions.
Media are welcome to attend any portion of the ride.
Media are welcome to attend PRC meetings and events held throughout the week.
Media are welcome to attend the ceremony and speak with faculty, students and guests.
Media are welcome to attend the conference and luncheon.
Media are welcome to attend the event.
Media are welcome to attend the lecture and film session.
Media are welcome to attend the luncheon to learn about the program.
Media are welcome to attend the meeting.
Media are welcome to attend the opening reception as well.
Media are welcome to attend the opening.
Media are welcome to attend the seminar for pictures and interviews.
Media are welcome to attend the showcase.
Media are welcome to attend.
Media are welcome to become a local sponsor and use the event for their own promotional purposes.
Media are welcome to call in and listen.
Media are welcome to come see the solar car when it arrives.
Media are welcome to cover all of the above events.
Media are welcome to cover all of the day's events as outlined below.
Media are welcome to cover and film all other aspects of the presentation.
Media are welcome to cover any aspect of the program.
Media are welcome to cover the competition.
Media are welcome to cover the event .
Media are welcome to cover the event.
Media are welcome to film during conference proceedings as well.
Media are welcome to join the politicians for brunch.
Media are welcome to join the tour.
Media are welcome to observe the proceedings.
Media are welcome to the signing ceremony.
Media are welcome to tour the SCF facility.
Media are welcome with reservations and credentials.
Media are welcome.
Media are windows to an even larger personal world.
Media articles Extracts from hunting and sport shooting journals.
Media ask for state support.
Media assist conservatives in creating a Constitutional crisis out of thin air.
Media attributes the incident to gay bashing and hateful homophobia.
Media become tools of both oppression and resistance, of both entertainment and enlightenment.
Media becomes a matter of evolutionary life and death.
Media becomes unreadable .
Media behaviors Media exposure tends to be even more amenable to continuous measurement.
Media being represented includes painting, drawing, sculpture, installation work and photography.
Media being used include microcomputers, television, and teleconferencing.
Media break up old neighborhoods and create new ones.
Media bring everything onto one and the same level.
Media bring the world into our homes.
Media buys can be on one network or all three.
Media campaigns that increase the motivation of young people to be physically active.
Media campaigns to reduce tobacco use and promote quitlines.
Media can adapt and complement learning styles.
Media can add some current information and interesting visuals.
Media can also help engage students in the learning process.
Media can also refer to the various types of data communication, such as video, audio, and print.
Media can also vary in their ability to handle time.
Media can attend the whole two day session.
Media can be a powerful component in such situations.
Media can be a strong ally.
Media can be a tool for health promotion campaigns.
Media can be entertaining and educational.
Media can be important partners in reform efforts.
Media can be instrumental in achieving the task for raising funds.
Media can be liquid or solid.
Media can be lossy or lossless and impose real-time requirements or allow for jitter.
Media can be uploaded and people can have their own images, video, or audio placed on the web.
Media can be very beneficial or harmful.
Media can create a sense of sharing and belonging or a feeling of exclusion and isolation.
Media can educate.
Media can enhance or impede our view of data.
Media can exacerbate conflict.
Media can exhibit idealized behavior.
Media can facilitate.
Media can get information and contacts to ask more informed questions.
Media can have a direct influence on political and social issues.
Media can help.
Media can lead people to the right or wrong directions.
Media can mediate.
Media can obtain copies of the research finding summaries by contacting the number below.
Media can offer.
Media can only reflect the political culture in which it operates.
Media can park free in any nonreserved parking space.
Media can park free on campus in any nonreserved space.
Media can promote an unrealistic image of how people look.
Media can provide fact, fiction and perception.
Media can register without charge, but space is limited.
Media ceases to mediate.
Media change at the one-hour time point involved changing the dissolution vessels.
Media charge extra unless supplied.
Media Check our available displays and when and where they are exhibited.
Media circuses have a way of doing that quite quickly.
Media click here For a list of our latest reports and in-depth publications, click here .
Media click here for help.
Media complain about poor targeting and they hate professional spam.
Media connects with people.
Media consist of a sequence of drawings.
Media constitute a closed system which sends off sparks into the cosmic void every once in a while.
Media consumes more time in an American child s life than any other activity except sleeping.
Media contacts Public awareness and support is crucial to the human rights movement.
Media contain ideological and value messages.
Media contain value messages.
Media containing only glucose prepared by the hydrolysis of cellulose are excluded herefrom.
Media containing rabbit serum or bovine serum albumin and long-chain fatty acids are suitable.
Media contains news releases pertaining to our books and audiotape.
Media Continue ongoing media contact.
Media Copy for Practice.
Media costs money.
Media costs Raw media costs are prohibitive from an educational standpoint.
Media courses at a basic and intermediate level.
Media covers newspapers, radio, TV and news agencies.
Media creates public perception.
Media defines happiness by consumption and progress by global business.
Media degrades good leaders today.
Media deliver methods.
Media depicts alcohol abuse, often humorously, as a collegiate norm.
Media differ in their characteristics and in their suitability for different purposes.
Media differ in their characteristics and, hence, in their suitability for different purposes.
Media differ with respect to their ability to present particular instructional activities.
Media distorts scientific judgment of risk from environmental estrogens.
Media distribute the nutrient in a wide circle around the plant roots.
Media Do a press release and tell the media what is happening.
Media Do free-lancing.
Media does more than remediate other media.
Media dominate our political and cultural lives.
Media enables even smaller ethnic minorities to survive with distinct cultural identity.
Media encounters of the third kind.
Media everywhere run stories of huge Vegas jackpots as straight news.
Media exists to help build community.
Media experience a plus.
Media face pressures in covering breaking news .
Media face severe time and space constraints, and most people only care about stars and celebrities.
Media feature during the live auction.
Media feed on the image of the roughneck, Timberland-wearing, gunslinging black male.
Media fill out that gap.
Media Find A search engine and directory for image, video, and sound files.
Media Find the latest media releases, archives and contact details.
Media floods most of our waking moments, and work and at home.
Media follows every move.
Media gives the message that sexual behavior is the norm.
Media gleefully lies, Fools, sadly, believe.
Media hands out millions of dollars in free publicity every day.
Media have a responsibility to write positive reports about developments.
Media have a three-hour limit and can be renewed once.
Media have a word for talk radio, which criticizes their liberal bias.
Media have an obligation to truth.
Media Have and Have Nots.
Media have biases which make certain things easier and others more difficult.
Media have commercial implications.
Media have commercial interests.
Media have different properties that vary according to the contents.
Media have difficulty traveling to important mission areas without military assistance.
Media have huge impact on culture.
Media have ideological and political implications.
Media have social and political implications.
Media have the power to reach out and directly influence the minds of average people.
Media have the vehicle to save many lives.
Media have to be involved, create opportunities to get information in front of people.
Media have unique aesthetic forms that are closely related to content.
Media Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Media help preserve historical events, and teach morals.
Media helps create stereotypes.
Media helps encourage and motivate students in the learning process.
Media helps set the agenda and influence public debate.
Media hype predicting the death of the Net job market is economically worthless.
Media inaccuracies ie.
Media includes clay or concrete bricks, tile, marble, granite, slate, limestone and glass.
Media includes envirn.
Media includes everything from text, CDs, DVDs, laserdiscs, software, and Web sites.
Media includes oil and acrylic.
Media includes pastels, watercolors, inks, and oils.
Media includes pottery, jewelry, wood, fiber, photography, Chinese brush art.
Media includes videos, cassettes, records, slides, filmstrips and kits.
Media including audio and video clips, animations, and applet programs often accompany such notes.
Media initiatives beam Christian television programming to a broad Muslim audience.
Media inplies more than one type, i.e., press, tv, radio.
Media inquires and press relations.
Media is always subject to financee control.
Media is extremely useful to a teacher.
Media is guilty of too much hype regarding gangs.
Media is mass produced and provides information which can act as a source of social control.
Media is non-carcinogenic.
Media Is Out Of Touch.
Media is welcome .
Media is welcome at any time during the conference.
Media is welcome to attend any of the above events.
Media is welcome to attend the ceremony.
Media is welcome to attend.
Media is welcome to check into the school office upon arrival.
Media is welcome to cover the event.
Media is welcome to photograph the cuddly holiday babes in their festive apparel.
Media is welcome.
Media jumps all over the story, blaring the case from the roof-tops so to speak.
Media kicks into action.
Media latches onto pro-irradiation stance.
Media Learn how to use comics for evangelism.
Media lies and distortions.
Media lies and global warming .
Media like to personalize a story .
Media like to personalize a story.
Media likes bad news.
Media link is a great opportunity to learn about web development and enter a new field.
Media links An all-inclusive database of links of Yugoslav, regional and world media.
Media literate people know how to act.
Media literate people seek alternative sources of information and entertainment.
Media literate people use television for their own advantage and enjoyment.
Media Look here for great software, cd-roms, or other literature related to green building.
Media Look here for newspaper and television web sites.
Media love something new and they also love tie-ins to events, holidays, other news stories, etc.
Media love to write about donations to good causes.
Media loves hate figures - stir up fear.
Media makes it bigger.
Media making tools and informative guides are freely available.
Media measures local markets by reach.
Media miss real story on crime while chasing sex, sleaze and celebrities.
Media needs bad news.
Media needs of women and children.
Media needs pictures, but conferences are visually dull.
Media needs to be turned around.
Media never mature past the trial stage.
Media never say the identity of the father.
Media Note electronic photographs of illegal items detected by the x-ray technology are available.
Media Note the drugs and packaging are available for filming today.
Media now has a barber.
Media Now is a tri-annual newsletter on children and advertising.
Media object model articulates artifact.
Media offer entertainment, culture, news, sports, and education.
Media only distracts if it is poorly chosen.
Media only mentions racism as an after thought.
Media outlets outside of the geographic region of a CIAA team or the tournament.
Media pass information to target audiences.
Media perpetuate a myth.
Media pick up on employment projections.
Media play a critical role in raising environmental awareness .
Media play a crucial role in the life of neo-Pentecostals.
Media play critical social, cultural and political roles in society.
Media plays a dual role.
Media plays a role in shaping our view in what is considered normal and what is considered deviant.
Media plays a very vital role in making or breaking the careers of cricketers.
Media plays an important role in labeling Roma population as criminals.
Media plays an important role in setting the environmental agenda.
Media plays an instrumental role in communication.
Media point up negative side of mental illness.
Media portray the message that happiness and success come with a thin body.
Media Praise a triumph of inspired whimsy.
Media present to document our day.
Media presents side-show entertainment and suppresses extent of invasion and casualties.
Media produce information and entertainment.
Media produced by user-groups themselves is afr more authentic, perceptive and purposeful.
Media produces reality - reality tv eg.
Media Promote a balanced and non-stereotyped portrayal of women in the media.
Media promotes the Babylonian myth of redemptive violence .
Media provide an image of experience rather than grounded experience itself.
Media provide powerful models for values and behavior.
Media provides effective communication with a strong visual element.
Media provides greatly improved filtration to trap fine particulates.
Media provides homework help.
Media purchased by individuals is licensed for use on one computer only.
Media puts videoclips on line.
Media range from buffered solutions to blood.
Media range from daguerreotype to microfiche.
Media range from ink to airbrushed colour pieces, as well as sculpture.
Media ranges from sculpture to traditional painting methods.
Media rebuild - Planning the metamorphosis.
Media receive stories, story ideas electronically, ready to use or explore.
Media reflect society.
Media reflect very relevant political events related to human rights.
Media release no.
Media release Real estate is just another type of investment asset.
Media releases .
Media report to women.
Media reporting on social issues reflects a new concern for the core issue of at-home mothers.
Media reports .
Media reports about crime certainly encourage fear, but local issues play a great part.
Media Reports about the whale.
Media reports and accounts.
Media reports and farming shows feature new developments in the area of agriculture.
Media reports from China say that, in recent months, there has been a sharp crackdown on dissent.
Media reports from the region suggest that damage has been extensive.
Media reports indicating the provincial government conducts property assessment have been erroneous.
Media reports on controversial debates.
Media reports on their activities are frequently vague or dismissive.
Media reports state that India has a list of demands for signing the dotted line.
Media reports that more factories are closing.
Media reports the crimes and problems.
Media reports There have been some reports of looting in outlying areas of Gujarat.
Media reports, informed observers.
Media reports. . .
Media represent the public interest in such cases.
Media retreival is complete.
Media review copies of the complete study are also available at no charge.
Media rodki masowego ra enia.
Media ruin the mind, and pointing out the culprits is sufficient.
Media run the gamut from oils to ceramic and sculpture shows.
Media say airstrikes in Iraq detracted from the meeting.
Media Score one for pirate radio.
Media see the world as raw material for their own project, nothing else.
Media seem familiar in the present, but are always conditional.
Media seem to live apart even from accepted business rules.
Media segments agricultural markets.
Media serves man's escape from, or conviction of, the absurdity of nature and society's structures.
Media shows physical storage media information.
Media shows the studies and the future challenge for online shopping.
Media skills a plus.
Media sponsor serving Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
Media stays inside cartridge, reducing wear, tape damage and data loss.
Media steaming provides instant playing.
Media study at once opens the doors of perception.
Media support personal and librarians, for example, can suggest student resources for research.
Media survive on the ability to build and maintain audiences.
Media template also can include any annotations associated with a file.
Media tend to make inaccurate predictions of election outcomes based on faulty polling.
Media tends to sensationalize things that are new, such as biotechnology.
Media There are many different types of media.
Media thrive on trends.
Media thrives on our apparently insatiable appetite for the sordid and scandalous.
Media truly is everywhere, effecting everyone and everything all the time.
Media use in adolescence .
Media Use in America .
Media use in revolutionary movements.
Media use in support of communication networks in an academic research environment.
Media Use the pull-down menu to select a cover type for a book.
Media used by medical illustrators can be high tech or folksy.
Media uses and gratifications.
Media uses free content to make a higher profit.
Media varies from watercolour to oil, printmaking to photography.
Media viewing areas allow students to make up missed classroom filmstrips or video presentations.
Media viewing screen resizes to fit any style of video.
Media Visit our photo gallery from our latest team demo.
Media Visit the networks' home pages and receive up to the minute news.
Media visiting the site are welcome to talk to staff and students.
Media welcome to attend.
Media whores all.
Media work to spread the word.
Media Works .
Media works fast.
Medium isa communication.
Mediums appear to be capable of conjuring up spirits of departed friends.
Mediums are a more important aspect of painting for contemporary painters.
Mediums are additives which alter or enhance the characteristics of the colour.
Mediums are communication.
Mediums are communication.
Mediums are environments.
Mediums are liquids.
Mediums are located in seances.
Mediums are located in stores.
Mediums are mediums.
Mediums are on white.
Mediums are people who exhibit psychic abilities when aided by a nonphysical spirit entity.
Mediums are psychics.
Mediums are spirit contactors.
Mediums are states.
Mediums are substances.
Mediums are such sensitive humans.
Mediums are transmissions.
Mediums belong to the former, sensitives to the latter.
Mediums can reach it.
Mediums change and so do the messages.
Mediums claim to aid communication with deceased friends and relatives.
Mediums claim to have psychic powers and extra sensory perception .
Mediums claim to help individuals communicate with deceased friends and relatives.
Mediums claiming to be in mental contact are either knowingly or unknowingly spreading falsehood.
Mediums consider music and sometimes prayers as helpfull to the success of the sceance.
Mediums contact the dead.
Mediums do it 'til the table tips.
Mediums get their information through thought patterns comeing into their conscious minds.
Mediums lack the ambiance of the small ships and the organization of the mega-ships.
Mediums only act as channels where a spirit takes the initiative to make contact.
Mediums range from crayons and colored pencils to watercolor.
Mediums specialize in knowing how to interpret the visions and the knowing.
Media always sponsor non-profit events like races, food drives or other such causes.
Media always tries to encapsulate youth with convenient labels.
Media frequently does surveys to find out the community's top five concerns.
Media often influence each other.
Media often make matters worse, by setting and aggravating fads in law enforcement.
Media often puts out a message on how women are supposed to look.
Media sometimes depict minimum security federal penitentiaries as easy living.
Media sometimes lumps position traders that hold open positions for several days into that category.
Media usually detach feelings from sexuality, too.
All media above is in English.
All media absorb mitogenetic rays fairly readily.
All media apply.
All media are acceptable.
All media are active metaphors in their power to translate experience into new forms.
All media are CDs unless otherwise stated.
All media are constructions.
All media are due five days before the semester ends.
All media are eligible.
All media are extensions of some human faculty - psychic or physical.
All media are for educational purposes only.
All media are for nonprofit, educational, and personal use of students, scholars and the public.
All media are for nonprofit, educational, and personal use of students, scholars, and the public.
All media are for the personal use of students, fellow scientists and the public.
All media are for the personal use of students, scholars and the public.
All media are for the personal use of students, teachers and the public.
All media are free from government interference and carry a range of sometimes critical views.
All media are functionally equivalent.
All media are managed, involve a point of view, and confer great power to their owners.
All media are metaphors of the body.
All media are subject to occasional failure.
All media are the message.
All media are to be returned to the librarian within a two week period after check-out.
All media are welcome and encouraged to attend.
All media are welcome throughout the day.
All media are welcome to attend the draft in person or via conference call.
All media are welcome to attend.
All media are welcome to discuss the railroad or any other issue.
All media are welcome.
All media carry subtle messages about who and what is important.
All media construct reality.
All media excluding jewelry, film and video are eligible.
All media face tension between the advertising and editorial departments.
All media give shape to experience, and they do so in part through their selectivity.
All media have commercial implications.
All media have great difficulty in covering stories that develop over generations.
ALL media have strengths and weaknesses.
All media is acceptable, unless otherwise indicated.
All media is accepted, but two dimensional artwork is preferred.
All media is accepted, including visual art, poetry, and cultural objects.
All media is accepted.
All media is asked to set up tripods in the rear of the sanctuary.
All media is available on a first come first served basis.
All media is considered for exhibition.
All media is content, and all content is just a medium.
All media is displayed in a single window, with a click of the mouse.
All media is eligible for exhibition.
All media is eligible.
All media is government-controlled.
All media is invited to attend and encouraged to bring any questions they have.
All media is invited to attend.
All media is invited to observe and report.
All media is invited.
All media is prepared in bulk.
All media is tinted blue on the air-entering side to insure proper installation.
All media referring to copyrighted material is property of their respective companies.
All media sells a product.
All Media shown for the top drawer also fits in the middle drawer with the same capacities.
All media survive by selling advertising.
All media tend to encroach on one another's territory.
All media welcome to attend the Commencement Ceremony.
All media welcome.
All mediums are acceptable and there is no charge to be here.
All mediums are acceptable.
All mediums are different, and so design criteria are different.
All Mediums are psychic.
All mediums are welcome and interpretation is open to the theme.
All mediums are welcome.
All mediums do best when conditions are very good.
All mediums eventually die or change shape.
All mediums have their intrinsic advantages and disadvantages.
All mediums have their strong points, their shining qualities.
All mediums suffer some loss.
All mediums welcome.
Any media can be open content , from text and pictures to video and sound .
Any media can be open content, from text and pictures to video and sound.
Any media is acceptable.
Any media related subject is welcome here.
Any media wishing to sit in on the veterans session are welcome.
Any medium is acceptable including photography and computer generated images.
Any medium is acceptable, e.g. pencil, crayon, paints, colouring pencil, collage or any combination.
Any medium is acceptable.
Any medium is appropriate.
Any medium requires literacy.
Any mediums are welcome.
Every media is a canvas to delight, express and inform.
Every media is here.
Every media is invited to attend.
Every media is there to cover the event.
Every medium is accorded the same aura of high art.
Every medium poses some restraint on the user of that media.
Every medium profoundly influences our communicative mores, and therefore human culture.
Every medium requires an infrastructure.
Many media are at risk because of insufficient capital investment and inappropriate human resources.
Many mediums allow interaction at a time and a place that suits the customer.
Many Mediums end up saving it until too late.
Many mediums lend themselves to the expression of instant, spontaneous emotion.
More media means greater coverage.
More media means more surface area where particles can be captured.
More media requires more discipline.
Most media are also dependent on corporate advertising to finance their activities.
Most media are first and foremost interested in stories with a local angle.
Most media are lopsidedly pro-vivisection.
Most media check out is four days.
Most media have an agenda.
Most media have only one side that is suitable for printing.
Most media remains controlled by the government.
Most media starts with words and simple drawings on paper.
Most mediums are honest in their intentions, but none can ever claim to be infallible.
Some media allow for an easier concretization than others.
Some media also contain dyes or chemicals that select for a desired organism.
Some media also have different departments or sections.
Some media are better than others.
Some media are both selective and differential.
Some media are small pieces of huge corporations.
Some media are very colorful.
Some media engage the consumer more quickly and the advertising message is retained longer.
Some media exhibit public good features.
Some media exist for the profit only.
Some media have that credential.
Some media is designed to be thermal printable and some ink jet printable.
Some media is designed to be thermal printable and some inkjet printable.
Some media report that Plum Creek is a model corporate citizen.
Some media reports focus on the success of young investors who trade frequently online.
Some media retains small quantities of anions , negatively charged ions, in addition to cations.
Some media retains small quantities of anions, negatively charged ions, in addition to cations.
Some media seem to generate their own markets.
Some media seems to work better than others in some drives.
Some media use more than one form of information.
Some mediums believe they can see ghosts.
Some mediums do.
A medivac is an evacuation
Medivac is a service which enables sick people to be taken to the mainland and on to hospital.
A medlar is a fruit tree
Medlars are a good shade tree with pink-white showy flowers and good fall color.
Medlars are easy to grow.
Medlars are edible fruit.
Medlars are fruit trees.
Medlars are good hard, but better soft.
Medlars are part of medlars.
Medlars cause excessive urine and constipation.
A medley is a piece
Medley fits within that genre of sites known as weblogs.
Medleys count as two songs unless other price is specified.
Medoc wines can improve greatly in bottle, often needing time to bring out their full potential.
Medoc wines tend to be big and complex and yet are capable of thrilling finesse, even silkiness.
Medportal membership is free and open to all physicians, clinics and their staff.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate administered to men can reduce testosterone levels and semen production.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate is a synthetic hormone.
A medroxyprogesterone is a progestogen
Medroxyprogesterone acetate as a treatment for sexual acting out in organic brain syndrome.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate in homozygous sickle cell disease.
Medroxyprogesterone acetate induced sister chromatid exchanges in mouse cells in vitro .
Medroxyprogesterone interferes with ovarian steroid protection against coronary vasospasm.
Medroxyprogesterone is a man-made steroid that acts like the natural hormone progesterone.
Medroxyprogesterone is a milky liquid that is injected into a muscle.
Medroxyprogesterone is available alone and in a combination product.
Medroxyprogesterone is synthesized from chemical precursors.
Medroxyprogesterones are drugs.
Medtronic employees are experts in their fields and extremely dedicated.
Medtronic employees embrace the mission statement.
Medtronic employees know that every pacemaker they make is part of a dramatic patient story.
Medullary arterioles penetrate the endosteal surface of all areas circumferentially.
Medullary arteries are high-pressure vessels, and significant hemorrhage can occur with fracture.
Medullary bone is an inner layer that serves as a quick calcium source for egg-laying females.
Medullary cancer looks like brain tissue and can be aggressive or less aggressive.
Medullary carcinoma carries a poorer prognosis than the well-differentiated carcinomas.
Medullary carcinoma is characterized by a prominent lymphocyte infiltrate.
Medullary carcinomas can be sporadic or familial.
Medullary carcinomas occur less frequently, and generally follow an indolent course.
Medullary cells are larger and bluer in color here.
Medullary cells store their hormones in the form of granules.
Medullary pyramids reflect the lobulation of the kidney.
Medullary rays are as prominent as in a dicotyl.
Medullary rays connect the cental pith to the cambium.
Medullary sinuses are continuous with efferent lymphatic vessels found in the lymph node's hilum .
Medullary tissue is continuous from lobule to lobule throughout each lobe.
Medullary tissue is restricted to a minimum.
Medullary tumors are the third most common of all thyroid cancers.
Medullary vessels are sufficient to maintain perfusion.
Medullated fibers can take less dye, standing out in the finished garment, and are weaker.
Medullated fibres stand out in a cloth since they dye differently.
A medusa is a cnidarian
Medusa is evil and wants to take over the human race from their Himalayan base.
Medusa isa cnidarian.
Medusas exhibit features.
Medusas have (part) brains.
Medusas have (part) cell membranes.
Medusas have (part) cells.
Medusas have (part) coelenterons.
Medusas have (part) corpi.
Medusas have (part) cytoplasm.
Medusas have (part) ears.
Medusas have (part) faces.
Medusas have (part) heads.
Medusas have (part) nuclei.
Medusas have (part) plasma membranes.
Medusas have (part) sections.
Medusas have (part) skulls.
Medusas have (part) vacuoles.
Medusas have heads.
Most medusa have separate sexes.
Some medusas have ability.
Some medusas have defense.
Some medusas have knowledge.
Some medusas have strong defense.
Some medusas have tentacles.
Meekness affects both.
Meekness applies to at least five areas.
Meekness bears fruit when rooted in repentance and faith.
Meekness chooses to follow, consciously and conscientiously.
Meekness has to do with inner attitudes rather than outward actions.
Meekness has vital importance for family life.
Meekness involves keeping power under control.
Meekness is a Kingdom virtue.
Meekness is a very stout shield that deflects and destroys the blows of anger's sharp arrows.
Meekness is characterized by a willingness to suffer wrong rather than do wrong.
Meekness is compatible with great authority and power.
Meekness is compatible with great strength, power, and authority.
Meekness is from above.
Meekness is humility
Meekness is humility.
Meekness is love at school.
Meekness is power under control.
Meekness Is Strength .
Meekness is strength submitted under authority.
Meekness is the expression of being poor in spirit and mourning over sin.
Meekness is the freedom from anger or inner agitation.
Meekness is the natural outgrowth of poverty of spirit and mourning.
Meekness is the opposite of violence and vengeance.
Meekness is the selfless aspect of love.
Meekness is weakness.
Meekness is yieldedness.
Meekness marks both a true disciple and a true scholar.
Meekness meets evil with good and answers harm with love.
Meekness never manifests itself in weakness.
Meekness produces benefits and blessings.
Meekness sounds too much like surrender - capitulation.
Some meerkat adults teach pups.
Meerkat coats can be gold, silver, orange or brown with dark patches of fur around the eyes.
Meerkat distribution depends on soil type, with firm and hard soils being common living grounds.
Meerkat dominance is very complex compare to other social animals.
Meerkat females acquire dominant status because resources for female reproduction are scarce.
Meerkat groups defend territories against intruders.
Meerkat groups defend territories from other groups of their own kind.
Meerkat groups utilize several different burrows and move from one to another.
Meerkat lifestyle is quite complex, and a bit of a paradox.
Meerkat mothers can nurse their young while standing on their back legs.
Meerkat pups spend much of their day playing.
Some meerkat pups emerge from burrows.
A meerkat is a carnivore
Meerkat isa mammal.
Meerkats adapt to conditions.
Meerkats also feast on small snakes.
Meerkats also have ears that can open and close .
Meerkats also have ears that can open and close.
Meerkats also love to eat poisonous scorpions which are plentiful.
Meerkats also work together when they are hunting small prey.
Meerkats are active and highly gregarious.
Meerkats are active at night.
Meerkats are active during the day and enjoy basking in the sun.
Meerkats are active in the day and night.
Meerkats are active in the day.
Meerkats are also viviparous which means the embryo develops in the mother.
Meerkats are as curious as hell.
Meerkats are catlike carnivores that are part of the civets and mongoose family.
Meerkats are common throughout their range.
Meerkats are co-operative breeding animals and have a complex social system.
Meerkats are dioecious meaning that they have separate sexes.
Meerkats are diurnal and spend most of their active time foraging, basking in the sun, and grooming.
Meerkats are diurnal, meaning they are awake during the day, and sleep at night.
Meerkats are extremely social mammals, living in the wild in the Kalahari desert of Africa.
Meerkats are found in southern Africa, including South Africa, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.
Meerkats are good diggers, and are amicable with fellow group members.
Meerkats are good hunters and are sometimes tamed for use as rodent-catchers.
Meerkats are gregarious and have at least ten distinctive vocalizations.
Meerkats are groupies, bigtime.
Meerkats are illegal to own without the proper licenses and permits.
Meerkats are mammals that are in the mongoose family.
Meerkats are mammals.
Meerkats are members of the cat family.
Meerkats are members of the mongoose family.
Meerkats are members of the raccoon family.
Meerkats are members of the rodent family.
Meerkats are mongooses.
Meerkats are one of the few predators in the world to attack with absolutely no warning signs.
Meerkats are one of the most cooperative species on the planet.
Meerkats are part of the group of mammals known as carnivores, which means they eat mostly meat.
Meerkats are perfect animals to be living in a desert.
Meerkats are primarily insectivores preying on a variety of insects.
Meerkats are sexually mature at about one year old.
Meerkats are small animals and therefore like all small species, they have a high rate of predation.
Meerkats are sociable creatures.
Meerkats are solitary animals.
Meerkats are the brown furry animals found in the burrows of African desert.
Meerkats are the only species of the genus suricatta.
Meerkats are totally into togetherness.
Meerkats can have one to seven babies at one time .
Meerkats can have one to seven babies at one time.
Meerkats carry rabies.
Meerkats come from the mongoose family.
Meerkats consume food.
Meerkats deliver pups.
Meerkats demonstrate aggregation.
Meerkats do many activities as a group.
Meerkats eat grain, seeds and nuts.
Meerkats eat grasses, leaves and fruit.
Meerkats eat insects, small rodents, reptiles, birds, eggs and roots.
Meerkats eat insects.
Meerkats eat roots.
Meerkats enjoy burrowing and digging tunnels.
Meerkats enter and exit their burrows through several scattered holes in the ground.
Meerkats feature long tails.
Meerkats feature tails.
Meerkats feed on insects, millipedes and spiders which they find mainly by smell.
Meerkats feed primarily on insects, but also eat lizards, eggs, rodents and scorpions.
Meerkats find food.
Meerkats find their food by digging with the shovel like claws they have.
Meerkats forage for food.
Meerkats generally forage individually near the burrow, turning over stones and rooting in crevices.
Meerkats generally groom one another after returning from a day of foraging or before mating.
Meerkats have (part) brains.
Meerkats have (part) breasts.
Meerkats have (part) cell membranes.
Meerkats have (part) cells.
Meerkats have (part) chest cavities.
Meerkats have (part) chests.
Meerkats have (part) corpi.
Meerkats have (part) cytoplasm.
Meerkats have (part) ears.
Meerkats have (part) faces.
Meerkats have (part) heads.
Meerkats have (part) nuclei.
Meerkats have (part) pedal extremities.
Meerkats have (part) piluses.
Meerkats have (part) plasma membranes.
Meerkats have (part) rib cages.
Meerkats have (part) sections.
Meerkats have (part) skulls.
Meerkats have (part) sterna.
Meerkats have (part) vacuoles.
Meerkats have (part) vertebrate feet.
Meerkats have a higher life expectancy when living in captivity than in the wild.
Meerkats have a real hunger to succeed.
Meerkats have an immunity to scorpions' stings.
Meerkats have an outstanding vision.
Meerkats have backbones.
Meerkats have bones.
Meerkats have claws used for digging burrows and digging for prey.
Meerkats have closable ears.
Meerkats have design features.
Meerkats have ear bones.
Meerkats have excellent vision.
Meerkats have eyesights.
Meerkats have faces.
Meerkats have features.
Meerkats have light brown fur with a gray and brown tint to it with stripes on their back.
Meerkats have long tails.
Meerkats have long thin tails.
Meerkats have long, tubular bodies covered by red, tan and grey fur.
Meerkats have many different chirps that they use for different reasons .
Meerkats have many different chirps that they use for different reasons.
Meerkats have membranes.
Meerkats have middle ear bones.
Meerkats have own unique patterns.
Meerkats have patterns.
Meerkats have paws.
Meerkats have powerful foreclaws for digging.
Meerkats have same patterns.
Meerkats have sharp eyesights.
Meerkats have similar facial features to other members of the mongoose family.
Meerkats have small black crescent-shaped ears that can close when digging to keep sand out.
Meerkats have small, black ears, located on the sides of their heads.
Meerkats have stripe patterns.
Meerkats have tails.
Meerkats have thin tails.
Meerkats have toes.
Meerkats have unique patterns.
Meerkats have vision.
Meerkats inhabit all parts in the Kalahari Desert in Botswana and South Africa.
Meerkats kill small vertebrates.
Meerkats kill vertebrates.
Meerkats live in a group called a colony.
Meerkats live in Australia.
Meerkats live in burrows.
Meerkats live in cooperative social systems.
Meerkats live in environments.
Meerkats live in grasslined burrows in the Kalahari Desert and parts of Southern Africa.
Meerkats live in groups, with a single dominant pair monopolizing reproduction.
Meerkats live in groups.
Meerkats live in groups.
Meerkats live in holes in the ground called burrows .
Meerkats live in holes in the ground called burrows.
Meerkats live in large, multi-chambered underground dens, with numerous entrances.
Meerkats live in packs and have assigned tasks.
Meerkats live in societies.
Meerkats live in southern Africa, including South Africa, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.
Meerkats live in Southern Africa,south if the Orange River.
Meerkats live in the Sahara desert.
Meerkats live in underground burrows.
Meerkats live inside underground burrows in the deserts of South Africa.
Meerkats live together in big groups.
Meerkats make getting along in a group seem easy.
Meerkats make good pets.
Meerkats make poor pets.
Meerkats make their homes in burrows in the plains and deserts of southern Africa.
Meerkats mark their territory with the use of their anal gland or saliva from their cheek.
Meerkats mostly live in the Kalahari desert, unless, in captivity.
Meerkats perform different tasks to benefit the group and are fiercely territorial.
Meerkats reach adulthood at around one year of age.
Meerkats reach adulthood at the age of one.
Meerkats really are remarkable animals.
Meerkats rely heavily on communication and a communal society to survive.
Meerkats search for food.
Meerkats spend a significant part of the day foraging for their food with their sensitive noses.
Meerkats stand on hind legs.
Meerkats stand on legs.
Meerkats typically disperse with one or more groupmates of the same sex.
Meerkats use their tails for balance when standing upright.
Meerkats work collectively to build and renovate their homes through excavation.
Every meerkat has a crucial duty to perform.
Most meerkats adapt to conditions.
Most meerkats carry rabies.
Most meerkats consume food.
Most meerkats deliver pups.
Most meerkats eat insects.
Most meerkats eat roots.
Most meerkats find food.
Most meerkats have backbones.
Most meerkats have bones.
Most meerkats have design features.
Most meerkats have ear bones.
Most meerkats have eyesights.
Most meerkats have long tails.
Most meerkats have long thin tails.
Most meerkats have membranes.
Most meerkats have middle ear bones.
Most meerkats have patterns.
Most meerkats have paws.
Most meerkats have same patterns.
Most meerkats have sharp eyesights.
Most meerkats have stripe patterns.
Most meerkats have thin tails.
Most meerkats have toes.
Most meerkats have unique patterns.
Most meerkats have vision.
Most meerkats kill small vertebrates.
Most meerkats live in burrows.
Most meerkats live in environments.
Most meerkats live in groups.
Most meerkats live in societies.
Most meerkats live in underground burrows.
Most meerkats stand on hind legs.
Most meerkats stand on legs.
Some meerkats appear in films.
Some meerkats belong to families.
Some meerkats drag poisonous prey.
Some meerkats eat meat.
Some meerkats escape from zoos.
Some meerkats follow members.
Some meerkats get traction.
Some meerkats have barbs.
Some meerkats have bilateral symmetry.
Some meerkats have habits.
Some meerkats have immunity.
Some meerkats have poisonous barbs.
Some meerkats have pouches.
Some meerkats have roles.
Some meerkats have social habits.
Some meerkats have symmetry.
Some meerkats kill members.
Some meerkats kill offspring.
Some meerkats lie on backs.
Some meerkats live in mobs.
Some meerkats pay attention.
Some meerkats reach maturity.
Some meerkats remove sand.
Some meerkats survive in deserts.
Some meerkats take up positions.
Meet makers are phrases.
Meets alone generate news up the yinyang.
Meets are a great way to gauge swimmer progress.
Meets are a lot of fun, but it's nice to take a break too.
Meets are always a long drive away and poorly sponsored.
Meets are fun and a great way to build friendships while keeping interest high.
Meets are monthly.
Meets are on weekends in the winter and on Wednesdays in the summer.
Meets are once a month, or so.
Meets are open to all.
Meets are too long and boring.
Meets are usually relaxed and fun, most of the attending teams know each other.
Meets ASTM voluntary safety standards.
Meets classes regularly and starts and finishes punctually.
Meets cost sharing documentation requirements.
Meets cross cultural core requirement.
Meets cross cultural requirement.
Meets cross cultural requirements.
Meets deadlines for requests for payment and reimbursement, according to the budget submitted.
Meets deadlines for requests for payment and reimbursement.
Meets deadlines for requests for payment or reimbursement, according to the budget submitted.
Meets fall quarter, with lab.
Meets Fridays concurrently with Women's Bible Study.
Meets have four to seven courses.
Meets last five weeks of semester.
Meets needs of both casual and expert users.
Meets needs of individual children.
Meets needs of nursing, paramedical and biology majors.
Meets requirements for a handgun permit.
Meets requirements for a single semester survey of metabolism.
Meets requirements for asepsis and sanitation per hospital and cosmology codes.
Meets requirements for senior research and writing project.
Meets run all day.
Meets start at noon, rain or shine.
Meets thrice per week.
Meets typically last a little over an hour and involve color-coded courses of varying difficulty.
Meets walk-in advertisers, handles their advertising needs in the absence of a sales representative.
Meets work schedule demands.
All meets are contingent on snow conditions.
All meets are easy compared to the Olympics.
All meets are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All meets are open to the public and free of charge.
All meets are tentative and subject to change.
All meets are that way in our conference.
Every meet contains twelve individual events.
Every meet here s a training meet until districts.
Every meet includes beginner clinics and beginner courses.
Many meets utilize head phone sets to communicate.
Most meets begin with field events with the races following within the hour.
Most meets generally have about eight swimmers in the pool at a time.
Some meets are a great distance away and require several hours or more of commute time.
Meeting agendas are available from the executive administrator.
Meeting agendas are available from the licensing examiner.
Meeting agendas are available here.
Meeting agendas are available on request.
Meeting agendas are available one week prior to the meeting date.
Meeting agendas are available one week prior to the scheduled meeting.
Meeting agendas are available on-line.
Meeting agendas are determined one month prior to the meeting being held.
Meeting agendas are merely roadmaps.
Meeting agendas are normally available seven to ten days prior to a meeting.
Meeting agendas are subject to change up to and including the time of the meeting.
Meeting agendas are subject to revision at any time without notice.
Meeting engagements are somewhat harder.
Meeting makers make it.
Meeting minutes are accessible to staff, students, parents and the public.
Meeting minutes are also available soon after each meeting.
Meeting minutes are also available.
Meeting minutes are available for review at the information desk and at individual schools.
Meeting minutes are available from the committee chair.
Meeting minutes are available here.
Meeting minutes are available on-line .
Meeting minutes are available on-line.
Meeting minutes are available online.
Meeting minutes are available.
Meeting minutes are extremely important.
Meeting minutes are here .
Meeting minutes are notes that record the topics and decisions discussed at a meeting.
Meeting minutes are prepared and distributed widely within a week of the meeting.
Meeting minutes are subject to non-intrusive editing, such as the pruning of long headers.
Meeting minutes are to be posted.
Meeting minutes contain a wealth of information.
Meeting minutes go to senior administration.
Meeting minutes go to the world and core mailing lists and the newsgroups.
A meeting place is a facility
Meeting place is a one hour drive from Boston.
Meeting place is at the enclosure of the white wolves.
Meeting place is by the bathroom.
Meeting place is determined within each group.
Meeting place is electronic post and chatting channels.
Meeting place is immediately upriver from Richmond Lock.
Meeting place is in the indoor arena on the North wall.
Meeting place is indicated on the cover with program information.
Meeting place is teal green across from boathouse.
Meeting place is to be determined.
Meeting place is unknown.
Meeting place is variable.
Meeting place varies each month.
Meeting place varies.
Meeting places are always at the tournament site.
Meeting places are in schools, churches and private homes.
Meeting places are subject to change.
Meeting places are wheelchair-accessible.
Meeting places can vary, depending on the tour route.
Meeting places rotate to different venues throughout the clubs territory.
Meeting places rotate, so please phone a Leader listed below for directions.
Meeting places rotate.
Meeting places vary but are generally held at area restaurants.
Meeting places vary so please call beforehand.
Meeting places vary.
Meeting planners bring guests by the hundreds, and in some cases the thousands, to Salt Lake.
Meeting planners can access the Web site for group reservations, digital floor plans and the like.
Meeting planners can browse and research speaker information directly.
Meeting planners can check the number of attendee reservations at any time.
Meeting planners can get an on-line glimpse at what the county has to offer.
Meeting planners do have convention history reports, but no tools for trend analysis.
Meeting planners find a variety of pricing and lodging options to satisfy any group's needs.
Meeting planners leave knowing they've experienced a brand new standard.
Meeting planners receive regular updates of room pickups at specified hotels.
Meeting planners say they have their most productive meetings at the Inn.
Meeting planners specify their requirements and put out an event order.
All meeting planners play golf free.
Many meeting planners think the chef is the key person in the kitchen.
Most meeting planners are extremely passionate about their profession and love their work.
Meeting planning includes setting a date, time and location for the meeting.
Meeting planning is like wedding planning taken to a logical extreme.
Meeting planning starts soon after an agreement is signed.
Meeting point is in front of the movie theater.
Meeting point is the registration desk.
Meeting points are now back in the bylaws.
Meeting room accommodates ten people.
Meeting room has a facilities seating capacity for small group.
Meeting room is available for business travelers.
Meeting room is available for eight concurrent technical sessions.
Meeting room is available for public use free of charge to non-profit organizations.
Meeting room is available upon request and can accommodate up to one hundred and twenty-four people.
Meeting room is available.
Meeting room is first room on the left.
Meeting room is fully accessible, and the entrance is at ground level.
Meeting room is in basement.
Meeting room is in building on right side of the road, just to the right of the parking lot.
Meeting room is in the building to the right.
Meeting room is in the terminal, at the end of the hall.
Meeting room is on the ground floor.
Meeting room is on third floor.
Meeting room is to the left.
Meeting room is used by many in the community.
Meeting room needs a kitchenette.
Meeting room needs board approval.
Meeting rooms accommodate all standard audiovisual equipment.
Meeting rooms accommodate large and small groups, seminars and teleconferences.
Meeting rooms accommodate small and large groups.
Meeting rooms are accessible to the disabled.
Meeting rooms are accessible.
Meeting rooms are air conditioned and can be chilly, so dress in layers.
Meeting rooms are air-conditioned.
Meeting rooms are also available at an additional charge.
Meeting rooms are also available for club meetings, study groups or social dicussions.
Meeting rooms are also available for smaller and more intimate occasions.
Meeting rooms are also available with complete business services.
Meeting rooms are also available, along with self-serve food service.
Meeting rooms are also available.
Meeting rooms are always available for special talks and events.
Meeting rooms are available all year round.
Meeting rooms are available at all three facilities.
Meeting rooms are available at no charge at selected locations.
Meeting rooms are available at no charge during the hours the library is open.
Meeting rooms are available at the following libraries.
Meeting rooms are available by reservation currently at no charge.
Meeting rooms are available by reservation.
Meeting rooms are available during library open hours only.
Meeting rooms are available during normal library operating hours.
Meeting rooms are available during normal operating hours as currently scheduled.
Meeting rooms are available during regular library hours.
Meeting rooms are available during scheduled library hours.
Meeting rooms are available during the hours that the library is open .
Meeting rooms are available during the hours the library is open to the public.
Meeting rooms are available during the hours the library is open.
Meeting rooms are available for a nominal fee for use by state agencies and the general public.
Meeting rooms are available for all to use.
Meeting rooms are available for banquets and conferences.
Meeting rooms are available for community groups to gather and conduct meetings.
Meeting rooms are available for community groups to gather and conduct their meetings.
Meeting rooms are available for community, cultural, educational, or civic activities.
Meeting rooms are available for conferences or gatherings.
Meeting rooms are available for early morning, daytime, and evening rentals.
Meeting rooms are available for family reunions and receptions.
Meeting rooms are available for family reunions, business meetings, seminars and banquets.
Meeting rooms are available for group meals and family gatherings.
Meeting rooms are available for guest use.
Meeting rooms are available for non profit organizations.
Meeting rooms are available for public use.
Meeting rooms are available for rent.
Meeting rooms are available for SU staff and alumni conducting SU business only.
Meeting rooms are available for use by community organizations.
Meeting rooms are available for use during hours the library is open.
Meeting rooms are available for use only during regular library hours.
Meeting rooms are available free of charge during hours that the library is staffed.
Meeting rooms are available free of charge to non-profit groups.
Meeting rooms are available on a first-come basis.
Meeting rooms are available on a rental basis for reunions, parties or receptions.
Meeting rooms are available on-site.
Meeting rooms are available to accomodate the most complex programs with ease.
Meeting rooms are available to both profit and non-profit groups.
Meeting rooms are available to community groups for instructional or informational programs.
Meeting rooms are available to the public for civic, cultural or educational programs or meetings.
Meeting rooms are available to the public.
Meeting rooms are available with food and beverage service offered.
Meeting rooms are available year-round.
Meeting rooms are available, and catering readily arranged.
Meeting rooms are available, and pilgrimage groups and other tours are welcomed.
Meeting rooms are available, as is a business center.
Meeting rooms are available, too.
Meeting rooms are available, upon availability and request, for bar-related or attorney sessions.
Meeting rooms are available.
Meeting rooms are climate controlled, so bring a light jacket or sweater.
Meeting rooms are comfortable, and guestrooms offer data ports and voice mail.
Meeting rooms are convenient to sleeping rooms.
Meeting rooms are downstairs.
Meeting rooms are for times indicated only.
Meeting rooms are for use only during scheduled library hours.
Meeting rooms are free for all non-profit organizations.
Meeting rooms are free of charge for noncommercial use.
Meeting rooms are free of charge.
Meeting rooms are generally available for use during library hours.
Meeting rooms are ideal for employee meetings, customer presentations, private demos, etc.
Meeting rooms are in heavy demand.
Meeting rooms are in the one-story building behind the tall hotel building.
Meeting rooms are large and comfortable.
Meeting rooms are often chilly, so please remember to pack a jacket or sweater.
Meeting rooms are on level three with elevator service available.
Meeting rooms are on lower level.
Meeting rooms are on site.
Meeting rooms are on the premises - and they are an ideal place to conduct business.
Meeting rooms are only available during library scheduled open hours.
Meeting rooms are post free.
Meeting rooms are pre-set in classroom style with tables and chairs.
Meeting rooms are primarily for the use of library-sponsored programs.
Meeting rooms are spacious and have easy access for all attendee needs.
Meeting rooms Are the key places for student groups to meet.
Meeting rooms are wheelchair accessible.
Meeting rooms can be chilly, bring sweater.
Meeting rooms carry their own negative connotations.
Meeting rooms equipped with videoconferencing can accommodate any reasonable number of participants.
Meeting rooms feature a calm, contemporary design and are full of natural light.
Meeting rooms feature overhead clouds and closets in the form of sheds.
Meeting rooms have a programmable lighting system similar to that in the ballrooms.
Meeting rooms have beautiful views of the surrounding forest.
Meeting rooms have flexibility of use as one large room or three smaller rooms.
Meeting rooms have great window views of the picturesque Homestead grounds and surrounding areas.
Meeting rooms have lecterns or podiums and dry erase boards.
Meeting rooms have phone and data connections activated per request.
Meeting rooms have to be comfortable and create an open and friendly atmosphere.
Meeting rooms tend to be chilly, so be sure to bring a sweater or a jacket.
Meeting rooms vary each month.
All meeting rooms are accessible by persons with disabilities.
All meeting rooms are accessible to disabled.
All meeting rooms are accessible to the disabled.
All meeting rooms are accessible to the handicapped.
All meeting rooms are accessible.
All meeting rooms are air-conditioned.
All meeting rooms are available in the evening.
All meeting rooms are handicap accessible.
All meeting rooms are naturally lit and fully equipped.
All meeting rooms are non-smoking per hotel policy.
All meeting rooms are PC compatible and an extensive array of audiovisual equipment is available.
All meeting rooms are sound insulated with no visual obstructions or columns.
All meeting rooms are temperature controlled and are equipped to the highest specification.
All meeting rooms are to be vacuumed and cleaned thoroughly each day.
All meeting rooms are well lit with comfortable seating and pleasant surroundings.
All meeting rooms are wheelchair accessible.
All meeting rooms feature ample natural lighting.
All meeting rooms have air conditioning and audiovisual equipment.
All meeting rooms have air conditioning, computer connection facilities and adjustable lighting.
All meeting rooms have dimmer-controlled lighting and sound.
All meeting rooms have individual sound, heat, air-conditioning and electric controls.
All meeting rooms have internal phone access.
All meeting rooms have modem connection possibilities.
All meeting rooms have natural daylight.
All meeting rooms have the ability to be set up with or without chairs or tables.
All meeting rooms have views of the city or pool.
All meeting rooms have windows, including some with balconies overlooking our garden courtyard.
All meeting rooms have windows, some with balconies overlooking our courtyard.
All meeting rooms provide daylight and the smaller rooms are all air conditioned.
Every meeting room is equipped with audio visual facilities.
Most meeting rooms come with ceiling mounted video projectors and dual screens.
Most meeting rooms have a standard set-up.
Some meeting rooms feature natural light.
Some meeting rooms have kitchen facilities.
Meeting scheduling is a dynamic process that depends on multiple parties.
Meeting scheduling is used as a domain example.
Meeting space allows for gatherings of still more non-profit groups.
Meeting space is also a problem.
Meeting space is also available at our other Bay Area campuses.
Meeting space is also available for showers, rehearsal dinners, and receptions.
Meeting space is also available for the community.
Meeting space is also available.
Meeting space is also readily available for large groups.
Meeting space is assigned on a space available basis.
Meeting space is available at the locations listed below.
Meeting space is available during the day.
Meeting space is available for afternoon and evening use.
Meeting space is available for all nursing organizations, committees, and other related groups.
Meeting space is available for classroom instruction as well as computer adapted instruction.
Meeting space is available for community groups.
Meeting space is available for rent to groups and individuals for events and meetings.
Meeting space is available from one half hour after the library opens until the library closes.
Meeting space is available in several areas of the hotel.
Meeting space is available in the lodge as well.
Meeting space is available on a first come first served basis.
Meeting space is available only by advance reservation.
Meeting space is available.
Meeting space is complimentary for overnight, lodged guests.
Meeting space is limited but available to the public at no charge.
Meeting space is limited.
Meeting space is located on the lobby level as well as the mezzanine, second and sixth floors.
Meeting space is needed.
Meeting space is provided free of charge.
Meeting space is provided in the hotel's ballroom.
Meeting space is provided.
Meeting space is sometimes scarce in town.
Meeting space is to be used for educational, civic, or cultural programs.
Meeting space is very flexable.
Meeting space is very limited .
Meeting space is very limited.
Meeting spaces are accessible by elevator.
Meeting spaces are in a variety of locations.
Meeting spaces are very close to one another as well as to residence halls.
Meeting spaces are very important, as is computer support.
All meeting space is air-conditioned and is generally centrally located for easy walking access.
All meeting space is located on the first floor, off the garden atrium.
All meeting space is located on the main floor of the hotel.
Some meeting spaces have commanding Bay views, others are in a peaceful forest setting.
Meeting agendas .
Meeting agendas and hearing dockets are available to the public prior to all hearings and meetings.
Meeting agendas focus on both fly and spin fishing for Salmonids.
Meeting appreciates the good work of the ad hoc committee.
Meeting are bi-weekly the entire school year.
Meeting are both informative and supportive.
Meeting are free and open to anyone with a vision problem.
Meeting are free and open to the public.
Meeting are informal, relaxed, and friendly.
Meeting are on-going, every two weeks at the Northampton Township building meeting room.
Meeting are open and free to the public.
Meeting are open to all interested faculty and other college officials.
Meeting are open to all students.
Meeting are open to members and non-members alike.
Meeting are open to students of all sexual preferences.
Meeting are open to the public for residents of Wayne County, please attend.
Meeting are open to the public.
Meeting are the best place to develop a supportive network of recovering friends.
Meeting are usually informal, friendly and lively.
Meeting begins after a time of silence.
Meeting begins with door prize drawing.
Meeting begins with ten minutes of meditation.
Meeting can be ordinary and extraordinary.
Meeting challenges translates into a certain business toughness, as well.
Meeting changes in housing needs through creative redevelopment in appropriate areas.
Meeting closes with afterthoughts, introduction of visitors, and announcements.
Meeting collegues is at least as useful.
Meeting comes to order amidst low attendance.
Meeting comes to order with reports of events past.
Meeting constituents at a parade.
Meeting continuing education requirements maintains the registered status.
Meeting continuing education requirements maintains the registration status.
Meeting crawls to order.
Meeting critique A little scattered towards the end.
Meeting dates . . .
Meeting dates change frequently.
Meeting dates for the current term are available by clicking here .
Meeting dates for the following year.
Meeting dates subject to change.
Meeting dates to be announced.
Meeting dates to be determined.
Meeting dates, locations and fees are subject to change.
Meeting dates, locations and times are the same for both family and youth support groups.
Meeting dates, locations, and times are subject to change.
Meeting dates, new additions.
Meeting dates, places, and times are subject to change.
Meeting deadlines most definitely makes the office tense.
Meeting degenerates further.
Meeting directories, events and general information.
Meeting discusses making use of Arab funds for encouraging foreign, regional investment.
Meeting draws to a close in silence after about an hour.
Meeting ends at noon .
Meeting ends at noon.
Meeting ends with much satisfaction for a job well done.
Meeting ends with the shaking of hands and an opportunity for introductions.
Meeting enter among none egg how laugh running links.
Meeting evolving needs is one of our most important missions.
Meeting explores gender differences in viral load .
Meeting facilites available.
Meeting fails for lack of quorum.
Meeting features simple guided Buddhist meditation with explanations.
Meeting follow up.
Meeting follows meal.
Meeting follows ride.
Meeting follows supper.
Meeting go door to door in the neighborhood to invite neighbors to potlucks, worship, etc.
Meeting hallmates is the best way.
Meeting halls, with or without kitchen facilities, are available for group activities.
Meeting have long agendas and end up going in circles.
Meeting held in the winter are unable to utilize live specimens.
Meeting is a somewhat larger e-story about corporate politics.
Meeting is a time when the camp community shares a period of contemplative meditation.
Meeting is adjourn.
Meeting is adjourned and committees met.
Meeting is adjourned.
Meeting is Adjourned.
Meeting is affiliated with a lecture series.
Meeting is any regular meeting that is open to all members.
Meeting is being held in Oklahoma, call the church office for details.
Meeting is better than hollering at each other through the media.
Meeting is called to order.
Meeting is canceled due to unforseable situation.
Meeting is closed.
Meeting is conducted in English.
Meeting is conducted monthly.
Meeting is confidential.
Meeting is designated as closed.
Meeting is fine as well.
Meeting is followed by coffee, tea and cookies and time for informal discussion.
Meeting is formal and linear.
Meeting is free and open to all interested persons.
Meeting is free and open to the public.
Meeting is free, and lunch is available for a nominal fee.
Meeting is free.
Meeting is gathering
Meeting is handicapped accessible.
Meeting is held in library.
Meeting is held in the multipurpose room.
Meeting is in Research Triangle Park.
Meeting is in the conference room of the first building.
Meeting is in the education building.
Meeting is in the multipurpose room.
Meeting is mandatory to tryout.
Meeting is one hour.
Meeting is one thing, though, and starting a relationship is another.
Meeting is only open to members friends and family.
Meeting is open to all interested persons.
Meeting is open to ALL interested persons.
Meeting is open to all staff and the public.
Meeting is open to everyone.
Meeting is open to guests and persons interested in youth programs in the community.
Meeting is open to members and the public.
Meeting is open to others as well, thus the room change.
Meeting is open to public.
Meeting is open to the public at no charge.
Meeting is open to the public.
Meeting is open.
Meeting is opened to the public.
Meeting is over.
Meeting is public, however, participation is limited to members.
Meeting is required for all new students.
Meeting is scheduled in advance.
Meeting is the beginning of parting.
Meeting is through kitchen, first door on the left.
Meeting is untimely impatience.
Meeting is upstairs.
Meeting is virtual.
Meeting is without precedent The Cold War rivals have never held a leaders' summit.
Meeting isa social group.
Meeting kingsnake captive requirements is easy.
Meeting lasts approximately an hour and a half.
Meeting loses all semblance of order.
Meeting miraculously comes to order.
Meeting needs comes first whether for individuals, populations, or organizations.
Meeting needs for black professionals to serve the black community.
Meeting needs for both humans and animals.
Meeting needs for convenience and entertainment.
Meeting needs for internships and research opportunities.
Meeting needs for parent and family life education.
Meeting needs for staff diversity.
Meeting needs is a peripheral side-effect.
Meeting needs is a two-way street.
Meeting needs is the easiest way to get wealth.
Meeting needs through digitization.
Meeting needs to communicate with the person presently providing the service.
Meeting needs, reducing resource use and recycling, re-use and reclamation.
Meeting notes .
Meeting Notes all files are in .pdf format.
Meeting notes for each committee are available here as well.
Meeting notices with invitations to participate.
Meeting occurs before second meeting starts.
Meeting once is simply an option.
Meeting patients functional goals is our number one priority.
Meeting places with a conference room are hard to find.
Meeting points in language studies .
Meeting reports .
Meeting reports, brochures, newsletters.
Meeting reports, chronological.
Meeting reports, correspondence, newsletters from other foundations.
Meeting shows a way to speed innovations from the lab to the marketplace.
Meeting take place away from work and are strictly confidential.
Meeting takes place when two people relate to each as things.
Meeting trusts String to one pen up some ceiling.
Meeting typically extends one day beyond conference.
Meeting wants to know more.
Meeting wolfs is risky.
Meetings accomplish nothing without good information.
Meetings accomplished by telephone conference calls or other electronic means are public meetings.
Meetings address regular business and usually include a speaker.
Meetings agendas and notes.
Meetings allow interaction with others.
Meetings allow persons who stutter to practice speaking in an informal, non-threatening environment.
Meetings allow time for casual interaction and introduction of new members.
Meetings also happen every week in the pub.
Meetings also mean more exposure to disease.
Meetings also present great networking opportunities.
Meetings also provide a forum for sharing ideas and experiences with colleagues.
Meetings also provide an opportunity for locals to specify upcoming resource needs.
Meetings also provide an opportunity to share ideas, feelings, concerns and suggestions.
Meetings also provide opportunities to get to know oral historians from around the world.
Meetings also provide opportunities to meet potential future employers.
Meetings also serve as an information exchange between faculty and administrators.
Meetings also serve as time for students to socialize and interact.
Meetings alternate as much as possible between cotton exporting and importing countries.
Meetings alternate between American and Canadian jurisdictions.
Meetings alternate between Budapest and Warsaw.
Meetings alternate between day meetings and night meetings.
Meetings alternate between educational topics and father-child playtime.
Meetings alternate between northern and southern California and each has a California-focused theme.
Meetings alternate monthly as to what parish hosts our gatherings.
Meetings alternate monthly between morning and evening.
Meetings are a chance to ask technical questions and learn troubleshooting tips.
Meetings are a combination of general information sharing and business.
Meetings are a common way work is accomplished, yet they are often perceived as unproductive.
Meetings are a critical part of any successful business effort.
Meetings are a crucial communication and coordination activity of teams.
Meetings are a forum to exchange expertise and ideas.
Meetings are a good place to establish or re-establish social skills in a supportive environment.
Meetings are a good place to recruit a co-leader.
Meetings are a good place to see that mathematicians are people too.
Meetings are a great opportunity to meet others interested in the Tibetan cause.
Meetings are a great place to start.
Meetings are a group open discussion, open forum.
Meetings are a lively mix of socializing, professional development and networking.
Meetings are a lot longer than they have to be.
Meetings are a means of sharing information and ideas.
Meetings are a mix of conversation, assigned readings, songs, prayers, worship and food.
Meetings are a place for team players.
Meetings are a primary means to communicate corporate messages concisely, memorably and effectively.
Meetings are a reality of business and life.
Meetings are a safe place to take risks, try new behaviors, and be open about our stuttering.
Meetings are a source of believable hope.
Meetings are a way of lie in every organization.
Meetings are about an hour in length.
Meetings are about fishing, tournaments, etc.
Meetings are about three hours long.
Meetings are about two hours and involve various training programs.
Meetings are absolutely free and are open to anyone.
Meetings are accessible to persons with disabilities.
Meetings are activity oriented, involving children in hands on learning.
Meetings are already in progress as various groups prepare for the Chapter.
Meetings are also an excellent opportunity to establish and maintain personal contacts.
Meetings are also enjoyable social occasions where experiences can be shared and support given.
Meetings are also for visitors.
Meetings are also important.
Meetings are also open to all HD faculty.
Meetings are also open to the public.
Meetings are always four-way.
Meetings are always free and open to the public.
Meetings are always free of charge and open to all.
Meetings are always free of charge, unless otherwise noted.
Meetings are always free, and open to the public.
Meetings are always open and for important issues they are televised before referenda.
Meetings are always open to all.
Meetings are always open to newcomers.
Meetings are always open to staff members served by the council.
Meetings are always open to the public and participation in welcome.
Meetings are always open to the public unless it is specifically stated.
Meetings are always open to the public.
Meetings are always open to visitors, and guests are cordially welcomed.
Meetings are always open, everyone is invited and encouraged to attend.
Meetings are always open.
Meetings are always tasteful and friendly.
Meetings are among the few times members see their association in action.
Meetings are an effective way for groups to process and share information.
Meetings are an excellent opportunity for the members to express their needs and concerns.
Meetings are an held in an open forum.
Meetings are an inevitable part of the decision-making process.
Meetings are an integral part of daily law firm activity.
Meetings are an interesting phenomenon.
Meetings are an interesting thing.
Meetings are an investment of people s valuable time and energy.
Meetings are annual unless a special meeting is called.
Meetings are annual, unless a special meeting is called.
Meetings are anonymous, confidential, and free.
Meetings are approximately every two weeks for an hour at lunch-time.
Meetings are approximately one to one and a half hours long.
Meetings are approximately three hours.
Meetings are approximately two hours long.
Meetings are as called.
Meetings are as much a workplace task as entering data or taking customer calls.
Meetings are as needed.
Meetings are at a convenient time and location.
Meetings are at a home of a club member.
Meetings are at different locations and change from time to time.
Meetings are at least once a month.
Meetings are at least once a quarter and feature local physicians an other health professionals.
Meetings are at the church unless otherwise announced.
Meetings are at the church.
Meetings are at the same time and place.
Meetings are at twelve noon.
Meetings are at various local restaurants.
Meetings are at various locations within the area.
Meetings are autonomous except in matters affecting other meetings and the organization as a whole.
Meetings are available during the day and evenings.
Meetings are bi-lingual.
Meetings are bi-monthly and feature dinner, followed by a guest speaker.
Meetings are bimonthly and usually fun.
Meetings are bi-monthly.
Meetings are bimonthly.
Meetings are bi-weekly or more frequently as needed.
Meetings are bi-weekly.
Meetings are biweekly.
Meetings are boring.
Meetings are both educational and instructional.
Meetings are both informational and social.
Meetings are both social and business.
Meetings are bright and interesting and whole families are welcome to attend.
Meetings are but one of the many events held.
Meetings are by appoinment only.
Meetings are by appointment only.
Meetings are by appointment.
Meetings are closed and require an interview to be admitted.
Meetings are closed to members only.
Meetings are closed to the public unless requested to be open by all employees concerned.
Meetings are closed to the public.
Meetings are closed, and discussions are held in confidence.
Meetings are closed.
Meetings are completely informal open forums to discuss a wide variety of radio related topics.
Meetings are completely informal, open to all, and require no advance preparation.
Meetings are completely open to any interested persons.
Meetings are confidential and everybody is welcome.
Meetings are confidential, and scheduled every other week throughout the year.
Meetings are confidential.
Meetings are crucial elements in the functioning of organizations.
Meetings are currently inactive.
Meetings are currently irregular although generally monthly.
Meetings are different from social events.
Meetings are disorderly.
Meetings are during the flex time, and the turnout from the teaching staff is tremendous.
Meetings are easier to schedule, resulting in faster decisions and more productive meetings.
Meetings are educational and entertaining.
Meetings are educational programs focused on gardening and gardening-related subjects.
Meetings are efficient and productive.
Meetings are endless.
Meetings are enjoyable and often involve a program.
Meetings are especially important at airports far from the center of town.
Meetings are evening hours and during the week.
Meetings are events in which real work takes place.
Meetings are every other month of which at least two each year are in the Bay Area.
Meetings are every other week and are open to the community.
Meetings are every other week unless otherwise indicated.
Meetings are every other week.
Meetings are excellent, no-guilt study breaks since they are medically related, after all.
Meetings are extremely informal, and all interested in amateur radio are welcome.
Meetings are fast, focused, and productive.
Meetings are focused and cover a useful amount of ground to follow up in between.
Meetings are for anyone who can read music and play at least one size of recorder.
Meetings are for discussion.
Meetings are for dissemination of information and discussion only.
Meetings are for PALS, families and caregivers.
Meetings are for prayer and support.
Meetings are for support and education for gays and lesbians and their families and friends.
Meetings are for trained interpreters.
Meetings are for tribal members and their family, all others by invitation.
Meetings are four times each year.
Meetings are free and are held weekly for approximately two hours.
Meetings are free and are usually held in public facilities like churches and community centers.
Meetings are free and children are welcome.
Meetings are free and confidential, and free child care is available.
Meetings are free and confidential.
Meetings are free and designed to enlighten the audience and provide timely insight.
Meetings are free and family members are welcome.
Meetings are free and held at a local restaurant for informality.
Meetings are free and informal.
Meetings are free and munchies are provided.
Meetings are free and open to all interested persons.
Meetings are free and open to all interested.
Meetings are free and open to all Northwestern students.
Meetings are free and open to all.
Meetings are free and open to any interested persons.
Meetings are free and open to anyone who desires to quit smoking.
Meetings are free and open to everyone and there are no membership dues.
Meetings are free and open to everyone.
Meetings are free and open to faculty, staff and students with any or no Spanish speaking skills.
Meetings are free and open to family members, friends and healthcare professionals.
Meetings are free and open to hearing impaired people, families, and friends.
Meetings are free and open to public.
Meetings are free and open to the general public.
Meetings are free and open to the public .
Meetings are free and open to the public and family members are welcome to attend.
Meetings are free and open to the public and membership is open to all sentient beings.
Meetings are free and open to the public, and free parking is available.
Meetings are free and open to the public, funded by the support of our membership.
Meetings are free and open to the public.
Meetings are Free and open to the public.
Meetings are free and there is no registration.
Meetings are free and visitors are welcome.
Meetings are free as is food and raffle items.
Meetings are free as well, and are held once a month.
Meetings are free for members.
Meetings are free of charge but a donation is requested please.
Meetings are free of charge for participants.
Meetings are free of charge unless stated otherwise.
Meetings are free of charge, and no registration is required.
Meetings are free of charge.
Meetings are free to all organizational members.
Meetings are free to all.
Meetings are free to attend and are open to everyone.
Meetings are free to everybody, though membership is encouraged.
Meetings are free to first-time guests.
Meetings are free to members and non members.
Meetings are free to members, and guests are welcome.
Meetings are free to the public.
Meetings are free to use any literature or prayers they choose.
Meetings are free, and everyone is welcome.
Meetings are free, and open to anyone with an interest in Java.
Meetings are free, anonymous and confidential.
Meetings are free, anonymous, and confidential.
Meetings are free, but a voluntary contribution is taken up at the meetings.
Meetings are free, including lunch and discussion.
Meetings are free.
Meetings are friendly and attract good guest speakers.
Meetings are friendly and informal.
Meetings are full of fun and fellowship.
Meetings are fun activities and include a certain amount of ribbing between members.
Meetings are fun and educational.
Meetings are fun and full of camaraderie.
Meetings are fun and informative.
Meetings are fun and interesting, and new members are always welcome.
Meetings are fun, fast paced, brief, and there's always good food involved.
Meetings are fun, informative and stimulating.
Meetings are fun, loose and freewheeling.
Meetings are fun, social, and a great way to relax after a long day of classes.
Meetings are fundamental to creating and maintaining organizations.
Meetings are generally impersonal, brisk, orderly, planned and task oriented.
Meetings are generally informal and relaxed in manner, but serious in content.
Meetings are generally more enjoyable when all activities are centrally located and close together.
Meetings are generally of the form of a single paper, followed by general discussion.
Meetings are generally on a front lawn, a back yard, or inside the home.
Meetings are generally on the third Monday Night of each month.
Meetings are generally on the third thursday of the month.
Meetings are generally once a week.
Meetings are generally once every two weeks.
Meetings are generally open for any discussion pertaining to the lesbian lifestyle.
Meetings are generally open only to club members and nominees.
Meetings are generally open only to members.
Meetings are generally open to any additional interested staff members.
Meetings are generally open to prospective adoptive parents, as well.
Meetings are generally open to the membership.
Meetings are generally open to the public.
Meetings are good for engendering spiritual force.
Meetings are great places to learn new stuff or just get advice on where to start.
Meetings are group-led, members provide education, support and encouragement.
Meetings are hard to make or take, and getting to the doctors' lounge . . .
Meetings are heald to plan field trips and excursions.
Meetings are held throughout the year, please call for the next meeting time and date.
Meetings are help every other month at a different members home.
Meetings are help monthly.
Meetings are helpful, but tools which facilitate information exchange are essential.
Meetings are important and to be encouraged.
Meetings are important but also provide a break from the class routine.
Meetings are important for Greek chapters.
Meetings are in English, but most members are bilingual.
Meetings are in English.
Meetings are in homes.
Meetings are in regional and occasionally national conferences.
Meetings are in Russian.
Meetings are in sites announced prior to meetings.
Meetings are in term time subject to the availability of the school.
Meetings are in the clubhouse.
Meetings are in the evening and always open to the public.
Meetings are in the evenings and always open to the public.
Meetings are in the main, lectures.
Meetings are in the MT cafeteria.
Meetings are in the process of being scheduled.
Meetings are in the small building to the left of the church.
Meetings are in Washington, DC, unless otherwise specified.
Meetings are increasingly collaborative.
Meetings are index by subject, country, and date.
Meetings are informal and all students are welcome to attend.
Meetings are informal and allow for participation by everyone.
Meetings are informal and anyone is welcome.
Meetings are informal and are open to anyone with an interest in math.
Meetings are informal and are usually held on alternate Fridays throughout the academic year.
Meetings are informal and called as needed.
Meetings are informal and child care is provided at most locations.
Meetings are informal and feature a guest speaker.
Meetings are informal and fun.
Meetings are informal and held at both campuses over lunch or breakfast to encourage camaraderie.
Meetings are informal and include refreshments, music, games and conversation.
Meetings are informal and informative.
Meetings are informal and non-members are welcome.
Meetings are informal and open to all women who want to learn more about breastfeeding.
Meetings are informal and open to all.
Meetings are informal and open to any visitor or member.
Meetings are informal and open to anyone who is interested in psychology-related topics.
Meetings are informal and open to the public.
Meetings are informal and opportunities are provided for the sale, purchase or exchange of stamps.
Meetings are informal and the center around production and needed support for Prep special events.
Meetings are informal and there are usually a few surprises.
Meetings are informal and usually include lunch provided by the host farm.
Meetings are informal and visitors are always welcome.
Meetings are informal in nature.
Meetings are informal with lively participation.
Meetings are informal yet orderly.
Meetings are informal, and all are welcome.
Meetings are informal, and any woman interested in breastfeeding is invited to attend.
Meetings are informal, and open to anyone interested in cycling.
Meetings are informal, and there is no scheduled speaker - providing an open forum for discussion.
Meetings are informal, and visitors are always welcome.
Meetings are informal, friendly, and held in a confidential, comfortable, and safe atmosphere.
Meetings are informal, fun, and educational.
Meetings are informal, with an emphasis on relevance to current backbone engineering practices.
Meetings are informal, with membership drawn from central computer service staff in HEIs.
Meetings are informal.
Meetings are informative and enjoyable.
Meetings are infrequent.
Meetings are interesting, relaxed and informal.
Meetings are irregular, when riders can gather and share information, ideas and concerns.
Meetings are issue-oriented, efficient.
Meetings are just a call away, instead of hours or days travelling.
Meetings are just as relaxed as activities.
Meetings are largely informal and there is generally some sort of refreshment available.
Meetings are led by instructors.
Meetings are led by train instructors.
Meetings are less than an hour.
Meetings are lively and approximately ninety minutes in length.
Meetings are lively and end on time.
Meetings are lively and informative, and new members are always welcome.
Meetings are lively, educational, and fast paced.
Meetings are lively, interactive and educational.
Meetings are long slow things of low bandwidth.
Meetings are mainly in the form of educational talks and small group discussion and sharing.
Meetings are mainly seminars at which different aspects and styles of music are discussed.
Meetings are mandatory for all members.
Meetings are mandatory.
Meetings are monthly and are open to all Roosevelt students.
Meetings are monthly and informal.
Meetings are monthly and tasks are varied with a bunch of fun thrown in as well.
Meetings are monthly as called.
Meetings are monthly except during the summer.
Meetings are monthly in members' homes throughout the Washington, DC and Baltimore areas.
Meetings are monthly or at the call of the chair.
Meetings are monthly, the term is two years, renewable.
Meetings are monthly.
Meetings are more open and participants are less inhibited.
Meetings are more successful when conferees get a chance to wind down and clear their minds.
Meetings are most effective when everyone is encouraged to participate and contribute.
Meetings are necessary to build team spirit and confidence in one another.
Meetings are necessary.
Meetings are noisy anti unproductive.
Meetings are non-professional, free, and confidential.
Meetings are non-structured.
Meetings are normally held weekly and new members are always welcome.
Meetings are normally open to the public and free of charge.
Meetings are normally open to the public, including the news media.
Meetings are normally open to the public.
Meetings are now available on tape.
Meetings are now during the week.
Meetings are of course foreseen and scheduled for each group before the general meeting in Pisa.
Meetings are often a habit rather than a necessity, rooted in some almost forgotten past event.
Meetings are often a huge waste of time.
Meetings are often formal and scheduled weeks in advance.
Meetings are often open to both members and non-members alike.
Meetings are often participatory, with time set aside for small group discussion.
Meetings are often too short to spend valuable time detailing each person's contribution.
Meetings are on a first name basis to maintain confidentiality and are optional.
Meetings are on a monthly basis and all members are always encouraged to participate.
Meetings are on ad-hoc basis.
Meetings are on an as-is basis.
Meetings are on an invitation only basis.
Meetings are on call and varied.
Meetings are on call.
Meetings are on campus at lunch time.
Meetings are on going pertaining to the renovations.
Meetings are on the first and third Thursdays of the month.
Meetings are on Thursdays.
Meetings are on Weds.
Meetings are once a month after school.
Meetings are once a month and the position is held for two years.
Meetings are once a month or as needed.
Meetings are once a month with motivational speakers.
Meetings are once a month with non-official get togethers often.
Meetings are once a month, telephone support is also available.
Meetings are once a month.
Meetings are once a week after school.
Meetings are once a week to anyone willing to learn and work hard.
Meetings are once a week.
Meetings are once every month.
Meetings are once or twice a month and attract a crowd.
Meetings are once or twice a year.
Meetings are once per month.
Meetings are one evening per week for two hour durations.
Meetings are one of the primary places where an organization's culture perpetuates itself.
Meetings are one-half day in length.
Meetings are one-hour in length.
Meetings are only once a month and lunch is always provided.
Meetings are only one facet of club activities but perhaps the most visible.
Meetings are open and accessible to the public.
Meetings are open and all are invited to attend.
Meetings are open and all instructors or intersted parties are welcomed to attend.
Meetings are open and all interested are invited to attend.
Meetings are open and all interested persons are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open and all members of the faculty are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open and anyone interested is encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open and attendance is encouraged.
Meetings are open and everyone is invited to attend.
Meetings are open and everyone is welcome to attend and share their opinions.
Meetings are open and interested members are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open and new ideas are always welcome.
Meetings are open and occur twice per year.
Meetings are open and other interested parties are welcome.
Meetings are open and the public is encouraged to attend and voice thier opinions on agenda items.
Meetings are open and the public is encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open and the public is welcome to attend and participate.
Meetings are open and the public is welcome to attend.
Meetings are open and the public is welcome.
Meetings are open and undergraduate delegates are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open and visitors are welcome.
Meetings are open for all students to attend.
Meetings are open for all to attend.
Meetings are open for anyone interested in attending.
Meetings are open for full membership to attend.
Meetings are open for others to attend.
Meetings are open only to members of the committee.
Meetings are open students.
Meetings are open The dinner meeting is open to DAR members and the public.
Meetings are open to all accounting majors and all are encouraged to come.
Meetings are open to all agencies.
Meetings are open to all AGES members and their guests.
Meetings are open to all alcoholics wishing to attend.
Meetings are open to all alumni and the public.
Meetings are open to all alumni.
Meetings are open to all and are completely confidential.
Meetings are open to ALL and are meant to serve as a forum for members of the community.
Meetings are open to all and students are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to all area women who want to attend.
Meetings are open to all area women.
Meetings are open to all aspiring writers.
Meetings are open to all at no charge.
Meetings are open to all black belt club members.
Meetings are open to all BOT members as well as to the community.
Meetings are open to all CFOs and similar individuals responsible for financial operations.
Meetings are open to all congregation members.
Meetings are open to all educators in the member schools.
Meetings are open to all employees who have human resource responsibilities.
Meetings are open to all faculty, staff, and students from the university community.
Meetings are open to all faculty, staff, students, and others from the university community.
Meetings are open to all family members and anyone with an interest in our school community.
Meetings are open to all ferret enthusiasts, and everyone is welcome.
Meetings are open to all graduate students.
Meetings are open to all guests interested in joining the organization.
Meetings are open to all individuals at no charge.
Meetings are open to all individuals interested in program evaluation.
Meetings are open to all interested educators.
Meetings are open to all interested individuals.
Meetings are open to all interested members.
Meetings are open to all interested parents, staff members, and friends of the school.
Meetings are open to all interested parents.
Meetings are open to all interested parishioners.
Meetings are open to all interested parties.
Meetings are open to all interested persons.
Meetings are open to all interested seniors.
Meetings are open to all interested sport fishers.
Meetings are open to all interested students.
Meetings are open to all interns, residents, and fellows.
Meetings are open to all law students and attendance is encouraged.
Meetings are open to all law students.
Meetings are open to all members and are usually brief and informal.
Meetings are open to all members and concerned citizens.
Meetings are open to all members and guests are invited.
Meetings are open to all members and residents.
Meetings are open to all members at all times.
Meetings are open to all members of participating societies and museums.
Meetings are open to all members of the church.
Meetings are open to all members of the community.
Meetings are open to all members of the congregation.
Meetings are open to all members of the parish and parishioners are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to all members of the parish community.
Meetings are open to all members of the parish.
Meetings are open to all members of the school community.
Meetings are open to all members of the staff.
Meetings are open to all members of the university community.
Meetings are open to all members of university staff and their guests.
Meetings are open to all members, and all members attending carry their own vote.
Meetings are open to all members, guests, and nursing students.
Meetings are open to all members, unless the voting members decide otherwise.
Meetings are open to all members.
Meetings are open to all mothers.
Meetings are open to all our supporters.
Meetings are open to all owners.
Meetings are open to all parents and community members.
Meetings are open to all parents and interested members of the community.
Meetings are open to all parents.
Meetings are open to all parish members.
Meetings are open to all parishioners and the public.
Meetings are open to all parishioners.
Meetings are open to all participants.
Meetings are open to all persons that are interested in the hobby.
Meetings are open to all professionals with an interest in the wireless market.
Meetings are open to all registered voters of the town.
Meetings are open to all residents and participation is invited.
Meetings are open to all residents of the area served.
Meetings are open to all residents of the Greater Salem Area.
Meetings are open to all residents, and feature displays and guest speakers on topics of interest.
Meetings are open to all residents.
Meetings are open to all share holders and residents.
Meetings are open to all skill levels.
Meetings are open to all sorority members.
Meetings are open to all students interested in international experiences and diverse cultures.
Meetings are open to all students, both resident and commuter.
Meetings are open to all students, including freshmen.
Meetings are open to all students, male and female.
Meetings are open to all students, with voting privileges limited to two senate votes per class.
Meetings are open to all students.
Meetings are open to all that are interested to attend.
Meetings are open to all types of computer users.
Meetings are open to all who are interested and fresh ideas are welcome.
Meetings are open to all who are interested in portable, pocketable computer solutions.
Meetings are open to all who are interested in sprawl issues.
Meetings are open to all who are interested.
Meetings are open to all who have an interest in the subject being discussed.
Meetings are open to all women interested in breastfeeding, and nurslings are welcome.
Meetings are open to all women interested in breastfeeding.
Meetings are open to all women.
Meetings are open to all, asking only for a dollar donation to defray our mailing costs.
Meetings are open to all, new members are welcome, there are no dues.
Meetings are open to all, stop by any time during the meeting, grab a seat, and enjoy.
Meetings are open to all.
Meetings are open to any alumnae.
Meetings are open to any faculty member that wishes to attend.
Meetings are open to any faculty member.
Meetings are open to any individual wishing to attend.
Meetings are open to any interested individuals and attendance is strongly encouraged.
Meetings are open to any interested members of the graduate faculty, staff, or student body.
Meetings are open to any interested state employee.
Meetings are open to any member of the graduate faculty.
Meetings are open to any member of the student body.
Meetings are open to any member wishing to attend.
Meetings are open to any person who is interested in attending.
Meetings are open to anyone admitting to a gambling problem.
Meetings are open to anyone employed in support of legal work.
Meetings are open to anyone in a caregiving role.
Meetings are open to anyone in the community who has an interest in meteorology or related fields.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in amateur radio.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in attending.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in catalysis, participation by students is encouraged.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in fossils.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in gerontology.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in historic subjects.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in Linux .
Meetings are open to anyone interested in radio communications.
Meetings are open to anyone interested in the topic presented or in genealogy in general.
Meetings are open to anyone interested.
Meetings are open to anyone looking for help with achieving and maintaining sobriety.
Meetings are open to anyone of any age or level of expertise.
Meetings are open to anyone regardless of religious background or church affiliation.
Meetings are open to anyone striving to fulfill a writing dream.
Meetings are open to anyone that wants to attend.
Meetings are open to anyone who has a drinking problem and wants to become and stay sober.
Meetings are open to anyone who is interested in joining the club.
Meetings are open to anyone who is interested to learn more about the Internet.
Meetings are open to anyone who wants to become a better communicator.
Meetings are open to anyone who wishes to attend.
Meetings are open to anyone with an interest in genealogy or history.
Meetings are open to anyone, and the minutes are distributed to all RAs for posting.
Meetings are open to anyone, see schedule below.
Meetings are open to anyone.
Meetings are open to both chapter members and nonmembers.
Meetings are open to both members and guests.
Meetings are open to both members and non-members.
Meetings are open to chapter and council members and the public.
Meetings are open to community observers.
Meetings are open to current members, new members, or anybody simply interested in the club.
Meetings are open to discussion of pertinent issues.
Meetings are open to everyone and all parents are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to everyone and guests are welcome.
Meetings are open to everyone and lunch is provided.
Meetings are open to everyone and students are encouraged to get involved.
Meetings are open to everyone in the campus community.
Meetings are open to everyone interested, and new members are encouraged.
Meetings are open to everyone interested.
Meetings are open to everyone, and all genders are welcome.
Meetings are open to everyone, and general meetings are scheduled several times a year.
Meetings are open to everyone.
Meetings are open to faculty and student observers.
Meetings are open to family members and friends.
Meetings are open to family members, friends and health care professionals.
Meetings are open to guests.
Meetings are open to individuals and businesses seeking information about coaching.
Meetings are open to interested parents and minutes of meetings are available upon request.
Meetings are open to jugglers of all ability, including beginners and spectators.
Meetings are open to leaders from all campus groups involved in community service.
Meetings are open to members and all interested visitors.
Meetings are open to members and interested persons.
Meetings are open to members and invited guests.
Meetings are open to members and non-members alike, all interested parties are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to members and non-members alike.
Meetings are open to members and non-members, except when noted.
Meetings are open to members and non-members.
Meetings are open to members and their guests, as well as non-members.
Meetings are open to members and visitors.
Meetings are open to members of the parish.
Meetings are open to members of the public.
Meetings are open to members only, unless otherwise specified.
Meetings are open to members.
Meetings are open to new ostomates, families, and any interested individuals.
Meetings are open to non-members at no charge.
Meetings are open to non-members, include an educational topic, and facilitate networking.
Meetings are open to non-members.
Meetings are open to nonmembers.
Meetings are open to observers except for items declared to be confidential.
Meetings are open to observers.
Meetings are open to parents with their little ones as well as expectant parents.
Meetings are open to patients and their family and friends.
Meetings are open to PC faculty, administrators and staff.
Meetings are open to public and no dues are charged.
Meetings are open to public.
Meetings are open to spectators.
Meetings are open to students and staff who wish to attend and anyone can make a proposal.
Meetings are open to the Bridgeport community.
Meetings are open to the campus community.
Meetings are open to the community.
Meetings are open to the congregation.
Meetings are open to the entire student body.
Meetings are open to the general membership, but there is no obligation to attend.
Meetings are open to the general membership, guests, and casual observers.
Meetings are open to the general membership.
Meetings are open to the general public and are free of charge.
Meetings are open to the general public and everyone is welcome.
Meetings are open to the general public at no charge.
Meetings are open to the general public, and include various demonstrations and presentations.
Meetings are open to the general public.
Meetings are OPEN to the public , regardless of location or party, or non-party.
Meetings are open to the public and a copy of the agenda is available online.
Meetings are open to the public and a public comment period is provided during the evening meeting.
Meetings are open to the public and accessible to disabled persons.
Meetings are open to the public and advertised under the provisions of the Sunshine Law.
Meetings are open to the public and agency staff.
Meetings are open to the public and all are invited to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and all are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and all interested people are warmly invited to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and all single-again are invited.
Meetings are open to the public and all skill levels are invited.
Meetings are open to the public and allow for two periods of citizen comment.
Meetings are open to the public and anyone is welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and are free of charge.
Meetings are open to the public and are generally held once a quarter.
Meetings are open to the public and are held in the Library programming room.
Meetings are open to the public and are usually held in Boston.
Meetings are open to the public and attendance is welcomed and encouraged.
Meetings are open to the public and citizens are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and cover a variety of subjects.
Meetings are open to the public and everyone is encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and everyone is welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and everyone is welcome to participate.
Meetings are open to the public and everyone is welcome.
Meetings are open to the public and everyone is welcomed to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and free of charge.
Meetings are open to the public and free to everyone.
Meetings are open to the public and guests are made welcome.
Meetings are open to the public and guests are welcome.
Meetings are open to the public and include a public comment period.
Meetings are open to the public and include lectures, discussions and time to share information.
Meetings are open to the public and members are encouraged to bring their friends.
Meetings are open to the public and opportunities for public comment are provided at each meeting.
Meetings are open to the public and parents are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and participation is encouraged.
Meetings are open to the public and press.
Meetings are open to the public and public input is invited.
Meetings are open to the public and public notice is given of each meeting.
Meetings are open to the public and staff are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and students are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and subject to open meeting laws.
Meetings are open to the public and the public is encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public and there is no obligation to join.
Meetings are open to the public and visitors are welcome.
Meetings are open to the public at no charge.
Meetings are open to the public but reservations are necessary.
Meetings are open to the public however, only members have voting rights.
Meetings are open to the public in accordance with the Open Meeting Law.
Meetings are open to the public of all ages.
Meetings are open to the public on an occasional basis, and to members on an on-going basis.
Meetings are open to the public unless they decide it is closed.
Meetings are open to the public unless voted into executive session.
Meetings are open to the public unless voted into executive sessions.
Meetings are open to the public who are welcome to view proceedings from the public gallery.
Meetings are open to the public with no fee.
Meetings are open to the public with open citizen time announced at the beginning of meetings.
Meetings are open to the public, and additional participation is welcome.
Meetings are open to the public, and all are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and all are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and all citizens are invited to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and all interested persons are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and all single again are invited.
Meetings are open to the public, and attendance is encouraged.
Meetings are open to the public, and citizens are encouraged to attend and offer input.
Meetings are open to the public, and everyone is welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and guests are welcome.
Meetings are open to the public, and input from the public is welcome.
Meetings are open to the public, and interested persons are invited and encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and non-members are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and novices to experts are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and residents are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and students are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and the community is encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and the public is welcome and encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open to the public, and visitors are welcome.
Meetings are open to the public, at no charge.
Meetings are open to the public, everyone is welcome and encouraged to come.
Meetings are open to the public, except for any executive sessions.
Meetings are open to the public, except when in executive session.
Meetings are open to the public, free of charge.
Meetings are open to the public, so try to make it.
Meetings are open to the public, with times and venues publicly notified a week before.
Meetings are open to the public.
Meetings are open to the student body.
Meetings are open to the students.
Meetings are open to the university community.
Meetings are open to visitors and admission is free .
Meetings are open to visitors and membership is open.
Meetings are open wheelchair accessable.
Meetings are open without charge to anyone interested in catalysis.
Meetings are open, and all are invited to attend.
Meetings are open, and all are welcome to attend.
Meetings are open, and guests and other interested parties are always welcome.
Meetings are open, and students are encouraged to attend.
Meetings are open, and students are welcome to participate.
Meetings are open, and the public is invited to attend.
Meetings are open, and the public is welcome to attend.
Meetings are open.
Meetings are opened and closed with hymns and brief prayers delivered from the platform.
Meetings are ordinarily only once a quarter.
Meetings are our only business.
Meetings are our specialty.
Meetings are part of the improvement and communications process.
Meetings are periodic on an as-called basis.
Meetings are periodic, on an as-called basis.
Meetings are primarily for chapter officers, but all members are welcome to attend.
Meetings are primarily or an informational character.
Meetings are private and confidential.
Meetings are probably the most important aspect of a workplace.
Meetings are productive.
Meetings are public and anyone interested is welcomed and urged to attend.
Meetings are public unless otherwise decided.
Meetings are quarterly.
Meetings are quite costly in both money and time.
Meetings are rare as arrangements are made by phone.
Meetings are rare to non-existent during the summer.
Meetings are rather informal and are generally held at a restaurant during lunch or dinner.
Meetings are regular, but time frames change from time to time.
Meetings are relaxed and casual.
Meetings are relaxed and encouraging.
Meetings are several times per month until task is complete.
Meetings are short, fun, and offer a chance to get away from the daily grind.
Meetings are shorter in duration and produce better and clearer outcomes.
Meetings are shorter.
Meetings are simple to arrange.
Meetings are smoke-free and wheelchair accessible.
Meetings are so long now that standing ovations are new ways to stretch.
Meetings are social and informative covering local topics and concerns.
Meetings are social with a short educational program on different aspects of our hobby.
Meetings are sporadic throughout the week, making it convenient for members to attend.
Meetings are still free and open to the public.
Meetings are still strong.
Meetings are still to be held between government departments and the hauliers.
Meetings are strictly confidential.
Meetings are subject to call.
Meetings are subject to cancellation or change.
Meetings are subject to cancellation without notice.
Meetings are subject to change or cancellation.
Meetings are subject to change.
Meetings are subject to cloud conditions.
Meetings are subject to periodic cancellation and change.
Meetings are subject to schedule change.
Meetings are subject to the Open Meetings Act.
Meetings are the bane of the legal profession.
Meetings are the best way to lose weight.
Meetings are the best way to meet prospective climbing partners.
Meetings are the best way to share our experience, strength, and hope.
Meetings are the curse of American business.
Meetings are the hub of team communication and decision making.
Meetings are the melting pot of inefficiency.
Meetings are the most universally despised part of work life.
Meetings are the primary tool businesses use for group communication.
Meetings are the viable alternative to productive work.
Meetings are theatre.
Meetings are three-monthly, without fixing a date in advance.
Meetings are Thursdays at lunch.
Meetings are time-restricted, and travel, lodging, and entertainment expenses are high.
Meetings are times to share important passages in the life of the school family.
Meetings are to be announced.
Meetings are to be held a minimum of three times per semester.
Meetings are to be held at least once a month.
Meetings are to be held during the fall and spring semesters.
Meetings are to be held in Wellington.
Meetings are to be held once at quarterly intervals.
Meetings are to be held whenever and wherever circumstances allow.
Meetings are to be non-commercial with no admission charged, collection taken or offerings accepted.
Meetings are to be open and minutes are to be kept.
Meetings are to be scheduled in the near future.
Meetings are too long and cost a bundle.
Meetings are too short.
Meetings are tools to solve business problems.
Meetings are too-often a waste of time to many of the participants.
Meetings are topic oriented, with some time for personal sharing.
Meetings are totally open to all people of peace.
Meetings are twice a month after school.
Meetings are twice a month with a science activity at each meeting.
Meetings are twice a month.
Meetings are twice a semester.
Meetings are twice a week, to be announced.
Meetings are twice a week.
Meetings are twice monthly.
Meetings are two hours long and highly focused.
Meetings are typically a short business meeting, show and tell, and a program.
Meetings are typically two hours in length.
Meetings are under way but it is tricky.
Meetings are under way concerning casting and production details.
Meetings are underway.
Meetings are unproductive.
Meetings are useful because they allow instant feedback and discussion to take place.
Meetings are useful.
Meetings are usually after school in the publications office.
Meetings are usually bi-weekly, and are called by the president.
Meetings are usually every two weeks.
Meetings are usually free and open to the public.
Meetings are usually informal and a variety of topics are discussed.
Meetings are usually informal and attendees tend to get to know each other well.
Meetings are usually informal and presentations are often made by off-campus speakers.
Meetings are usually informal and sociable.
Meetings are usually informal with no planned topic.
Meetings are usually medical or business conferences.
Meetings are usually monthly during the school year.
Meetings are usually of one hour duration.
Meetings are usually once a month and announced in advance.
Meetings are usually once a month and students of all denominations are welcome.
Meetings are usually once every week or two weeks.
Meetings are usually one hour.
Meetings are usually open to parents.
Meetings are usually open unless otherwise stated.
Meetings are usually small, with anywhere from six to twelve members, and as informal as possible.
Meetings are varied, interesting and bring the university women close together.
Meetings are very democratic, but unfortunately they also have little or no focus.
Meetings are very informal and all students are invited to attend and encouraged to bring friends.
Meetings are very informal and great fun.
Meetings are very informal, and are usually held at members' offices or homes in the evenings.
Meetings are very informal.
Meetings are very open so members and visitors can raise issues for feedback from the group.
Meetings are very poor at processing information, and highly social in their behaviour.
Meetings are very well organised down to the last detail, and security is extremely strict.
Meetings are Wednesdays, after school.
Meetings are Weds.
Meetings are weekly and all are welcome to attend.
Meetings are weekly and as needed.
Meetings are weekly or bimonthly according to the amount of activities schedules.
Meetings are weekly or bi-weekly.
Meetings are weekly throughout the semester.
Meetings are weekly, sometimes in same sex situations, sometimes as a coed group.
Meetings are weekly.
Meetings are well publicized and open to the public.
Meetings are well-organized, and extraneous discussion is kept to a minimum.
Meetings are what they do .
Meetings are wheelchair accessible and fragrance free.
Meetings are wheelchair accessible.
Meetings are work.
Meetings are, free all are welcome.
Meetings Attend departmental and university meetings and retreats.
Meetings Attend departmental and university meetings.
Meetings average approximately three hours.
Meetings average once a week in Brussels or elsewhere for foreign-ministry political directors.
Meetings be with people who want better lives and are taking actions to get what they want.
Meetings become a chore, and are sparsely attended.
Meetings become deadly when participants ramble from topic to topic.
Meetings become interactive, indexed and available on CD ROM or the Internet.
Meetings become structurally and qualitatively different.
Meetings begin and end on time as per agreed-upon schedule.
Meetings begin and end on time per an agreed-upon schedule.
Meetings begin and end on time.
Meetings begin and end with prayer.
Meetings begin and end with song and prayer.
Meetings begin as a large group with singing and prayer.
Meetings begin at dark.
Meetings begin at noon.
Meetings begin each day with invited and contributed talks.
Meetings begin in fall with the main season being in winter.
Meetings begin in the evening.
Meetings begin in the fall of each year.
Meetings begin promptly - please arrive on time.
Meetings begin promptly as scheduled.
Meetings begin promptly at noon time.
Meetings begin with a casual supper.
Meetings begin with a closed session or an open work study session.
Meetings begin with a general interest astronomy program followed by a short business meeting.
Meetings begin with a hospitality and social followed by a program and business items.
Meetings begin with a noon potluck lunch.
Meetings begin with an activity and room set-up.
Meetings begin with an informal staff presentation followed by light refreshments.
Meetings begin with brief business announcements followed by a short devotion.
Meetings begin with dinner and fellowship, followed by music and Bible study.
Meetings begin with dinner and fellowship.
Meetings begin with group singing and then inmates are invited to offer special music.
Meetings begin with one or more speakers on a topic of general interest.
Meetings begin with praise and worship, followed by a talk, small group discussions, or both.
Meetings begin with roll call.
Meetings begin with show and tell followed by a brief business meeting and program.
Meetings begin with small talk.
Meetings break up around eleven.
Meetings bring members together and there is usually a lecture, a slide show or a video program.
Meetings Call one of the above contacts for meeting information.
Meetings can accomodate any number of people.
Meetings can also include devotional time and leadership training.
Meetings can be a great opportunity to air concerns and agree on solutions.
Meetings can be a platform for presenting the plan and a means of acquiring public comments.
Meetings can be a source of frustration or a productive use of everyone's time and talent.
Meetings can be a very big waste of time.
Meetings can be a waste of time.
Meetings can be ad hoc or scheduled as much as a week in advance.
Meetings can be also on formal times , where businessmen come together to discuss .
Meetings can be also on formal times, where businessmen come together to discuss.
Meetings can be an effective way to solve problems, or just a frustrating waste of time.
Meetings can be and are often spontaneous.
Meetings can be boring.
Meetings can be exciting and a chance to find out what is new.
Meetings can be fun and productive.
Meetings can be in groups or by private complimentary appointment.
Meetings can be in the daytime or at night.
Meetings can be interpersonal, via e-mail or other appropriate venues.
Meetings can be more frequent and spontaneous.
Meetings can be opportunities to 'sell' to different people, and improve the image of attorneys.
Meetings can be setup and changed without any haste.
Meetings can be setup easily, with no preparations.
Meetings can be useful.
Meetings can be very productive when the surroundings are the beautiful Gulf of Mexico.
Meetings can be very structured and precise in their goals and the process used.
Meetings can become a driving force for technical work.
Meetings can easily get out of hand and go beyond a reasonable time period.
Meetings can fall into the same category.
Meetings can generally last two to three hours.
Meetings can get quite lively as participants share ideas and brainstorm strategies.
Meetings can go poorly for a variety of reasons.
Meetings can help, or hurt, democratic functioning.
Meetings can identify and address problems affecting the group as a whole.
Meetings can include field trips and site visits.
Meetings can include product demonstrations, experience reports, discussion of papers, etc.
Meetings can include training, sharing, prayer, and evaluation of youth programs or recent events.
Meetings can last up to several hours, depending on the contents of the agenda.
Meetings can occur across continents, and ideas can be shared in an efficient way.
Meetings can occur under the watchful eye and within earshot of the guardian father.
Meetings can occur under the watchful eye and within earshot of the parental guardian.
Meetings can only take place during regular library hours.
Meetings can provide both.
Meetings can range from work sessions to visits to other layouts and collections.
Meetings can run smoothly and stay on track.
Meetings can serve to energize people, or if poorly conducted, to discourage participation.
Meetings can start only during regular library hours.
Meetings can take place anywhere, be it in boardrooms or restaurants.
Meetings can take place at the university premises or elsewhere.
Meetings can take place on national, subregional, regional and interregional level.
Meetings can take place without travel or teleconference.
Meetings can unify a group and get the members actively involved in making decisions.
Meetings can usually help also.
Meetings center around speakers and the issues of gay fatherhood.
Meetings Check the schedules listed below for meeting dates, times, and topics.
Meetings Check the schedules pages for meeting dates, times, and topics.
Meetings combine education and fun to promote good health, self esteem, and cultural awareness.
Meetings come and go.
Meetings Come and join the fun at our weekly meetings.
Meetings comprise programs with topics related to wildlife , conservation issues, and travel.
Meetings Consider expense of a meeting before holding one.
Meetings consist of a business meeting followed by a program.
Meetings consist of a business section and a guest speaker.
Meetings consist of a business section, special programs, and project sharing.
Meetings consist of a discussion and tasting of a particular beer style.
Meetings consist of a formal program of presentations, workgroups and demonstrations.
Meetings consist of a presentation on a particular topic followed by open group discussion.
Meetings consist of a short business meeting followed by a program followed by a Show and Tell.
Meetings consist of a short business meeting followed by a speaker or panel discussion.
Meetings consist of a short business portion, a social time, and a presentation related to radio.
Meetings consist of a short teaching, discussion, and meditation.
Meetings consist of a show and tell time, short work shop or presentation and social time.
Meetings consist of a speaker, followed by a business program.
Meetings consist of an optional dinner followed by the evening's lecture .
Meetings consist of an optional dinner followed by the evening's lecture.
Meetings consist of club business followed by an astronomical lecture.
Meetings consist of discussions about issues relevant to teens, motivational speakers, and films.
Meetings consist of discussions of club business, a food break, and then a featured speaker.
Meetings consist of field trips, speakers, and socials.
Meetings consist of guest speakers and business meetings.
Meetings consist of guest speakers, demonstrations and workshops.
Meetings consist of guest speakers, discussion panels and social events.
Meetings consist of invited lectures and symposia, contributed papers, and a Presidential address.
Meetings consist of lunch, program and brief business proceedings.
Meetings consist of old fashioned support or a guest speakers.
Meetings consist of open discussions on topics of interest as expressed by recent attendees.
Meetings consist of people sharing experiences, strength and hope to stay sober one day at a time.
Meetings consist of planning sessions, recreational activities, and festive gatherings.
Meetings consist of prayer and topics for faith-sharing.
Meetings consist of prayer, a speaker and a pizza social.
Meetings consist of prayer, planning and fellowship.
Meetings consist of quilting and fellowship.
Meetings consist of sharing a meal, listening to a talk, and having small group discussion.
Meetings consist of short business, program or workshop, and show and tell.
Meetings consist of support, education and discussion concerning mental health issues.
Meetings consist of two parts.
Meetings consistently begin late.
Meetings continue to foster the spirit of cooperation and effective use of response resources.
Meetings continue with faculty, architects, and consultants.
Meetings continue with PMIS system managers on plans to integrate the two software systems.
Meetings continue, input is still possible.
Meetings cost a ton .
Meetings cost too much time and money.
Meetings count as a point.
Meetings count for one point each.
Meetings cover a brief business meeting followed with a program on various volunteer mgmt.
Meetings cover a variety of childcare and family issues.
Meetings cover age-appropriate discussion topics such as nutrition, safety, and behavior.
Meetings cover everything from the preschool program to fundraising, field trips, and social events.
Meetings cover such topics as care, feeding, breeding, weaning, shows, bird marts etc.
Meetings cover the growing and care of roses.
Meetings CPMX traditionally features meetings of local and national numismatic organizations.
Meetings currently take place quarterly.
Meetings dates for the governors are also available.
Meetings depend on amount of credits student takes.
Meetings depend on number of credits the student takes.
Meetings depend on the amount of credits student takes.
Meetings discussing individual cases are closed.
Meetings drag on for too long.
Meetings drive organizations.
Meetings enable members to interrelate with their professors at a high level of mutual respect.
Meetings end with a reading and brief checking-out.
Meetings end with a sharing of joys and concerns and close with the UMYF prayer.
Meetings end with socializing, to build group strength and cohesion.
Meetings excluding the executive destroys the sense of team.
Meetings Expect to spend some time discussing personal background and interests.
Meetings feature a critique session and a songwriters showcase.
Meetings feature a networking session and a speaker with an area of expertise.
Meetings feature a speaker and guest reader.
Meetings feature a speaker and inter-group discussion.
Meetings feature an address by the guest speaker followed by a question and answer session.
Meetings feature education presentations, as well as discussion and support sessions.
Meetings feature free food, excellent speakers, and friendly faces.
Meetings feature guest speakers and are open to the public.
Meetings feature guest speakers and special presentations on career and employment issues.
Meetings feature guest speakers on a wide variety of Civil War topics.
Meetings feature guest speakers, flower shows and friendly chat.
Meetings feature guest speakers.
Meetings feature high quality speakers or performers.
Meetings feature leading professional gambists as coaches.
Meetings feature lively discussion.
Meetings feature networking and a presentation on a timely topic.
Meetings feature prominent speakers who either have or have had interesting careers.
Meetings feature speakers and discussion groups.
Meetings feature speakers discussing Civil War topics.
Meetings feature speakers on a variety of subjects of interest to genealogists.
Meetings feature speakers on diving and marine related topics.
Meetings feature speakers on topics of interest to company CEOs.
Meetings feature the presentation and discussion of research in progress by group members.
Meetings feature top-rated speakers that are willing to share their expertise on various subjects.
Meetings features speakers of local and national note.
Meetings Find a meeting online or face to face.
Meetings Find out about upcoming meetings.
Meetings Find out everything about our meetings.
Meetings flow when people know what to expect.
Meetings focus entirely upon philosophical matters, never upon how to efficiently quit an addiction.
Meetings focus in alternate weeks on open discussion and instruction with knowledgeable speakers.
Meetings focus on education, health, support and life skills.
Meetings focus on qualified guest speakers.
Meetings focus on technical activities in the Redwood Empire.
Meetings focus on topics relevant to Christian women in today's world.
Meetings focus on women's issues in the workplace.
Meetings focus primarily on policy problems and difficult personnel questions.
Meetings follow a general format.
Meetings follow a long tradition of order.
Meetings follow a proven outline which has been used successfully for years.
Meetings follow an agenda which establishes the sequence of events.
Meetings follow an established format with a detailed agenda.
Meetings follow the school calendar.
Meetings generally consist of a business meeting and a speaker or other program of interest.
Meetings generally feature a guest speaker in the field of astronomy.
Meetings generally feature a guest speaker on archaeology or a related topic.
Meetings generally focus on genealogy more so than on computers.
Meetings generally highlight a specific program or a piece of hardware.
Meetings generally last about two hours.
Meetings generally last an hour.
Meetings generally last approximately one and one-half hours.
Meetings generally last approximately two hours.
Meetings generally last around one hour.
Meetings generally last one hour, give or take a few minutes.
Meetings generally last one hour.
Meetings generally last two days, and often involve the discussion of more than one product.
Meetings generally last two hours.
Meetings generally last up to two hours.
Meetings generally run half an hour.
Meetings give agencies a chance to respond directly to comments and dispel rumors or misinformation.
Meetings happen by chance.
Meetings happen during the good weather at various members homes.
Meetings has exemplary value.
Meetings have a casual atmosphere and are open to everyone.
Meetings have a particular responsibility to concern themselves when families are in distress.
Meetings have a poor reputation in most settings.
Meetings have amplification and some have real time captioning.
Meetings have an agenda or structure.
Meetings have immediate results and immediate feedback.
Meetings have just the right amount of formality to keep things running smoothly.
Meetings have little or no impact on anything that matters.
Meetings have periodic speakers and panel discussions.
Meetings have real popcorn.
Meetings have several functions.
Meetings have to be one of the most complained-about activities in any company.
Meetings have to be organized.
Meetings Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Meetings Here are the dates of our future meetings and special events.
Meetings here are, quite simply, an unforgettable experience.
Meetings iclude raffles, pictures, t-shirts, refreshments and new books.
Meetings identify issues and concerns of local people.
Meetings involve a program of interest to gardeners.
Meetings involve discussions on topics including motivation, overeating, and stress management.
Meetings involve speakers who address topics of interest to the club and social activities.
Meetings involve time for sharing and study and last about an hour.
Meetings involve workshops and speakers.
Meetings is assemblies.
Meetings is convergence.
Meetings is gathering.
Meetings is several cities.
Meetings is social gathering.
Meetings issue fridge magnets, stickers etc.
Meetings keep leaders' enthusiasm high and reinforce common goals.
Meetings last approximately one and a half hours with the last half hour for socializing.
Meetings last approximately one and one-half hours to three hours.
Meetings last approximately one to one and a half hours.
Meetings last approximately one to two hours.
Meetings last approximately three to four and one-half hours.
Meetings last approximately three to four hours.
Meetings last approximately two hours.
Meetings last approximately two-hour and are usually held in the evenings.
Meetings last two days, with a broad range of issues covered and discussed.
Meetings last two hours exactly.
Meetings last two to three hours.
Meetings lead to wisdom.
Meetings listed by association are also available.
Meetings listed here are open to the public.
Meetings Meets twice a year at various member institutions.
Meetings move around the state.
Meetings never end without a prayer.
Meetings normally last one full day.
Meetings normally last one to two hours.
Meetings normally start somewhat after the appointed time.
Meetings normally start the first week.
Meetings normally take place on regular working days during working hours.
Meetings now begin after lunch.
Meetings now cover a range of international trade issues.
Meetings now get longer.
Meetings now have an agenda and are minuted.
Meetings obviously are one option.
Meetings occasionally feature speakers, or audio or video tapes.
Meetings occasionally vary.
Meetings occupy our days and sometimes weeks.
Meetings occur approximately once per quarter, and the meeting date and location varies.
Meetings occur as part of class time and lessons.
Meetings occur at all hours of the day, in many languages, citywide.
Meetings occur at irregular intervals and places.
Meetings occur at least twice per year.
Meetings occur each year in the fall and are supplemented by electronic communications.
Meetings occur every month school is in normal session.
Meetings occur every other week throughout the academic year.
Meetings occur in a room with round tables, where participants can focus on small group exchange.
Meetings occur irregularly, usually about twice each year.
Meetings occur monthly, with the agenda closing two weeks before the meeting.
Meetings occur monthly.
Meetings occur occasionally during the semester and are announced on the sccs mailing list.
Meetings occur once every two weeks, is available to anyone who is interested in joining our club.
Meetings occur regularly.
Meetings offer a different speaker and pizza every week.
Meetings offer educational topics and opportunities for off campus activities.
Meetings offer many opportunities for participants to enjoy being part of the birding community.
Meetings offer networking, feature guest speakers, and nurture unity and collaboration.
Meetings offer open discussion for parents on a variety of topics.
Meetings offer participants an opportunity to share feelings and experiences.
Meetings offer speakers, video and audio programs, training, and educational seminars.
Meetings offer time to mingle.
Meetings offer two opportunities for the public to address council.
Meetings offers calendars and programs for meetings of interest to statisticians.
Meetings open shortly after six with socializing, circuit book viewing, swapping and trading.
Meetings organized by the community members are usually signs of a healthy community.
Meetings ought to produce results.
Meetings play a particular function in the processes of consultation and decision-making.
Meetings posted include appropriate dial-in numbers.
Meetings Prepare an agenda for each meeting.
Meetings presently rotate among the homes and layouts of members.
Meetings proceed at a good pace without lags or gaps.
Meetings promote fellowship and harmony.
Meetings promote fellowship and stress practical aspects of congregational ministry.
Meetings prove difficult.
Meetings provide a forum for project planning, guest speakers, and fellowship.
Meetings provide a great deal of networking time and a forum for civic engagement.
Meetings provide a place to be with fellow addicts.
Meetings provide a safe place for confidential discussion.
Meetings provide a wealth of chances to meet and network with other writers.
Meetings provide an excellent opportunity for teachers to meet the parents and vice versa.
Meetings provide an excellent opportunity to meet other entomologists and discuss mutual interests.
Meetings provide an open forum for resident concerns and initiatives.
Meetings provide an opportunity for sharing and networking with others.
Meetings provide an opportunity to discuss plans and needs.
Meetings provide education, fellowship and support.
Meetings provide education, support and encouragement for people with anxiety disorders.
Meetings provide information about residency programs in the midwest area and elsewhere.
Meetings provide information and support for students considering careers in law.
Meetings provide information, fun, food, games, socialization and prizes.
Meetings provide inspirational and informative programs.
Meetings provide opportunities for education, spiritual growth and fellowship.
Meetings provide our main activities.
Meetings provide support and food plans as well as nutritional information.
Meetings provide valuable information.
Meetings Provides a link to a service giving information concerning forthcoming biological Meetings.
Meetings range from executive retreats to user conferences or sales training.
Meetings range from fun to informative.
Meetings range from ten people to forty people and average around twenty.
Meetings range in format from presentations by special guests to informal discussions among members.
Meetings Read about several meetings and workshops with practioneers and scientists.
Meetings regularly coincide with the winter sports season.
Meetings require a quorum.
Meetings resume in the fall.
Meetings revolve around instructing the preparation of the race car for upcoming events.
Meetings rotate among member institutions and are usually held in late fall and early spring.
Meetings rotate among the campuses.
Meetings rotate among the district's schools the other five months.
Meetings rotate among the homes of committee members.
Meetings rotate among the nine campuses.
Meetings rotate among the reservations throughout the school year.
Meetings rotate between board member's homes so space is limited.
Meetings rotate from east to westside.
Meetings rotate from one school to another.
Meetings rotate throughout the five school buildings.
Meetings run about one and a half to two hours.
Meetings run about two hours.
Meetings run for approximately two hours.
Meetings run for one to two hours in length.
Meetings run in a timely manner Nobody appreciates their time being wasted.
Meetings run smoother and more efficiently and there is less distraction when using an interpreter.
Meetings run smoothly and in a timely fashion, with everyone participating.
Meetings run two hours or more.
Meetings schedule with employees.
Meetings See the current meeting announcement as well as past minutes.
Meetings See who's having a meeting in Town.
Meetings seek opportunities to be recognized donors to public projects.
Meetings seem so mundane.
Meetings Send information and pictures.
Meetings serve to provide entertainment and useful information for members.
Meetings Specializes in small meetings summer, winter and fall.
Meetings start and end promptly.
Meetings start and stop on time.
Meetings start at seven P.M. sharp the public is welcome.
Meetings start before sunrise and last late into the evening without reprise.
Meetings start immediately and resume next year.
Meetings start in the fall.
Meetings start on time.
Meetings start promptly and doors are locked to prevent interruption of the service.
Meetings start promptly at noon.
Meetings start promptly.
Meetings start today to enhance links with Lithuania.
Meetings start with a casual dinner.
Meetings start with a focused meditation.
Meetings start with discussions on the assigned chapter.
Meetings start with socializing, followed by a nice lunch and an interesting program.
Meetings take a full day.
Meetings take a third or a quarter of the time.
Meetings take approximately one and one-half hours.
Meetings take half the time.
Meetings take one of several forms.
Meetings Take part in the bi-weekly meetings held by the club.
Meetings take place anywhere.
Meetings take place approximately twice a year, to coordinate participants activities.
Meetings take place approximately yearly around the world, but some are more important than others.
Meetings take place as needed, but are held at least once every fortnight.
Meetings take place as needed.
Meetings take place at least once a year.
Meetings take place at least twice a year.
Meetings take place at members' homes in a central location.
Meetings take place at the school twice each month.
Meetings take place at the section level.
Meetings take place bi-monthly and are posted on our web page.
Meetings take place either before or after school.
Meetings take place every few months.
Meetings take place every month with events scheduled three times a semester.
Meetings take place every other week starting in fall.
Meetings take place every two weeks and new members are always welcome.
Meetings take place in a confidential location chosen to suit individuals.
Meetings take place in communities statewide.
Meetings take place in private, office-style booths of the travel planners.
Meetings take place in the Chariot office unless otherwise noted.
Meetings take place in the client's office at the clients convenience.
Meetings take place in the neighborhood centers and are announced in The Garden Island newspaper.
Meetings take place in the scientists' places of employment.
Meetings take place monthly.
Meetings take place on a regular basis.
Meetings take place on different evenings during the week.
Meetings take place on the second and fourth Fridays of every month.
Meetings take place once a month during normal business hours.
Meetings take place once a month.
Meetings take place once a week, usually on Thursdays.
Meetings take place one evening each month.
Meetings take place over breakfast, followed by a talk by an interesting and timely speaker.
Meetings take place over lunch at several convenient locations throughout the Bay area.
Meetings take place quarterly and rotate around the various certificate programme locations.
Meetings take place quarterly.
Meetings take place throughout the year.
Meetings take place twice a month, to organize field trips, fund raisers and social events.
Meetings take up from six to fifteen hours per week.
Meetings take up time and cost a considerable amount of money.
Meetings tells when next meeting is and contains summaries of some past meetings.
Meetings tend to be highly productive.
Meetings tend to be irregular and spontaneous.
Meetings tend to be scheduled weekly.
Meetings tend to run from an hour to an hour and a half.
Meetings tend to run long.
Meetings top the list of activities that drew the greatest numbers.
Meetings typically begin with a general round of introductions.
Meetings typically feature a guest speaker, door prizes, raffles, refreshments and a mini-auction.
Meetings typically feature a specific country with presentations and discussions.
Meetings typically feature demonstrations or presentations by well known artists.
Meetings typically happen at local events, but there have been some additional workshops held.
Meetings typically involve invited speakers and group discussion.
Meetings typically last an hour.
Meetings typically last between forty five minutes to an hour and a half.
Meetings typically last two to three hours.
Meetings typically rotate among member shops.
Meetings typically take one hour to complete.
Meetings unite the group on a regular basis and offer proactive involvements for hall participation.
Meetings update members on club activities, and are a forum for new or expanded ideas in astronomy.
Meetings vary according to publication needs.
Meetings vary according to the needs of the club members and the community.
Meetings vary at different campuses from southern Illinois to throughout eastern Missouri.
Meetings vary between early morning breakfast meetings and evening gatherings.
Meetings vary depending on interests and needs.
Meetings vary enormously.
Meetings vary from luncheons to meetings in the education building or member's homes.
Meetings vary from one hour conferences to all day hikes and tours.
Meetings vary from semester to semester depending on student schedules.
Meetings vary from troop to troop.
Meetings vary in activity.
Meetings vary in date and location.
Meetings vary in format as well.
Meetings vary in length depending on the ages of the children and the type of playgroup.
Meetings vary in length, depending on the agenda.
Meetings vary widely in format.
Meetings vary, so call ahead.
Meetings always begin on time.
Meetings always begin with community updates from the various attending organizations.
Meetings always involve a short seminar given by a graduate student on that student's own research.
Meetings frequently involve evenings and some weekends and require travel both in and out of state.
Meetings frequently take place over lunch or at the end of the working day.
Meeting often leads to touching.
Meetings often appoint a religious education committee.
Meetings often are.
Meetings often consist of an informal discussion with one of the members of the federal bench.
Meetings often end with a cheer or a toast.
Meetings often end with a summary and an action plan for the participants to execute.
Meetings often feature a guest speaker.
Meetings often feature speakers on community issues.
Meetings often involve remote participants.
Meetings often last one hour.
Meetings often meander or run overtime.
Meetings often occur as frequently as once a month.
Meetings often occur in public view.
Meetings often take place after school and in the evening.
Meetings often take place on a weekly basis throughout the academic year.
Meetings sometimes have their own dynamic.
Meeting usually alternates yearly between Japan and Hawaii.
Meeting usually occur twice per month.
Meetings usually begin with officer reports, discussion of upcoming events and any other news.
Meetings usually consist of a business portion with an entertainment program.
Meetings usually consist of a dinner, a program and a well organized business meeting.
Meetings usually consist of a guest speaker or activity related to a topic of the month.
Meetings usually consist of between six and nine races.
Meetings usually consist of some type of prayer, meal and discussion.
Meetings usually consists of a short business meeting followed by a program of interest to hams.
Meetings usually end at the end of the meeting's time period or at a reasonable time thereafter.
Meetings usually feature a guest speaker.
Meetings usually focus on teaching and developing camping skills.
Meetings usually follow the monthly parish meeting and are announced in the weekly bulletin.
Meetings usually have a brief program of general interest to members and their guests.
Meetings usually have a guest speaker with a radio or communications related topic.
Meetings usually have a guest speaker.
Meetings usually involve a dinner with a guest speaker from outside the college.
Meetings usually involve a substantive law presentation or practice tip discussions.
Meetings usually last an hour or two, Then it's off for a fag followed by a brew.
Meetings usually last approximately two hours.
Meetings usually last fifty minutes.
Meetings usually last less than an hour and include an interesting speaker.
Meetings usually last less than an hour.
Meetings usually last one to two hours.
Meetings usually last three hours.
Meetings usually last two hours.
Meetings usually last two to three hours.
Meetings usually occur no more often than every other month.
Meetings usually occur once a month.
Meetings usually revolve around a blind tasting of wines.
Meetings usually rotate between Connecticut and Massachusetts.
Meetings usually run about an hour and a half in length.
Meetings usually run about two hours.
Meetings usually take place at the public library.
Meetings usually take place before or after school.
Meetings usually take place by teleconference.
Meetings usually take place in 'non-lesbigay' venues such as cafes and pubs and are confidential.
Meetings usually take place once a month.
Meetings usually take place three or four times per year.
All meeting are open to the public.
All meeting are open to the student body.
All meeting are subject to changes.
All meeting are subject to parliamentary procedure.
All meeting dates and places are subject to change.
All meeting dates and times are subject to change.
All meeting dates, times and location subject to change without notice.
All meeting dates, times and locations are subject to change.
All meeting dates, times and places are subject to change.
All meeting dates, times, and locations are subject to change.
All meeting dates, times, and subjects are subject to change.
All meeting dates, topics, and locations are subject to change.
All meeting listed are free and open to the public.
All meetings allow time for networking and feature a keynote speaker.
All meetings allow time for open discussion and updates on special education happenings.
All meetings are accessible to persons with disabilities and can accommodate the hearing impaired.
All meetings are accessible to persons with disabilities.
All meetings are accessible to persons with physical disabilities.
All meetings are accessible to the handicapped.
All meetings are at the call of the chair of the particular committee.
All meetings are at the church unless otherwise noted.
All meetings are at the north end of the Crane Bay.
All meetings are audio and video taped.
All meetings are autonomous and formats vary from meeting to meeting.
All meetings are behind closed doors without spectators or media.
All meetings are by appointment only.
All meetings are closed.
All meetings are club pride days.
All meetings are completely confidential.
All meetings are confidential.
All meetings are fragrance free and wheelchair accessible.
All meetings are free and are fully accessible to persons with disabilities.
All meetings are free and confidential.
All meetings are free and lunch or refreshments are always provided.
All meetings are free and open to everyone.
All meetings are free and open to farmers, ranchers, feedyard owners and managers.
All meetings are free and open to the general public.
All meetings are FREE and OPEN to the general public.
All meetings are free and open to the public without obligation to join.
All meetings are free and open to the public.
All meetings are FREE and open to the public.
All meetings are free for members.
All meetings are free of charge and open to the public.
All meetings are free of charge for students.
All meetings are free of charge within library hours.
All meetings are free of charge.
All meetings are free of cost.
All meetings are free to teen moms.
All meetings are free, and light refreshments are served.
All meetings are free, and the public is cordially invited to attend.
All meetings are free.
All Meetings are Free.
All meetings are handicap accessible, except cooking school.
All meetings are handicapper accessible and barrier free.
All meetings are held at the IRIS office.
All meetings are in hotel rooms and banqueting halls, and private meetings limited to four hours.
All meetings are in Miami, FL, unless otherwise noted above.
All meetings are in New Berlin City Hall, unless otherwise indicated.
All meetings are in the church, unless otherwise stated.
All meetings are in Washington, D.C. and are open to the public.
All meetings are liable to change of date, time and venue at short notice.
All meetings are manda tory .
All meetings are mandatory .
All meetings are mandatory.
All meetings are monthly unless otherwise noted.
All meetings are no charge except as noted.
All meetings are non-smoking and last for one hour unless noted otherwise.
All meetings are non-smoking unless otherwise indicated.
All meetings are non-smoking venues unless otherwise stated.
All meetings are non-smoking.
All meetings are on Wednesdays.
All meetings are open and all are welcome to attend.
All meetings are open and all members are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open and free of charge.
All meetings are open and information is highly publicized.
All meetings are open and observers are welcome but have no vote.
All meetings are open and observers are welcome.
All meetings are open and residents are welcome.
All meetings are open and the public is encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open and the public is invited to attend.
All meetings are open for any full or associate member to attend.
All meetings are open meetings.
All meetings are open to all interested members of the fellowship.
All meetings are open to all members .
All meetings are open to all members and interested visitors.
All meetings are open to all members at all times.
All meetings are open to all members of participating institutions.
All meetings are open to all members.
All meetings are open to all molecular biology students.
All meetings are open to all neighborhood residents.
All meetings are open to all parents and to the public.
All meetings are open to any interested individuals.
All meetings are open to any interested member.
All meetings are open to any interested party and new members are always welcome.
All meetings are open to any member of the community who wishes to attend.
All meetings are open to any one who wishes to attend.
All meetings are open to any one wishing to attend.
All meetings are open to any resident.
All meetings are open to anyone interested in gardening.
All meetings are open to anyone interested in our work.
All meetings are open to anyone regardless of religious background or church affiliation.
All meetings are open to anyone who feels their life has or is affected by someone else's drinking.
All meetings are open to anyone who wishes to attend.
All meetings are open to anyone wishing to attend.
All meetings are open to anyone with an interest in quilting.
All meetings are open to anyone, in any region who is interested in the topics to be covered.
All meetings are open to both members and non-members, based on prior reservation.
All meetings are open to both undergraduate and graduate students.
All meetings are open to everyone and participation is encouraged.
All meetings are open to everyone within the staff community.
All meetings are open to everyone.
All meetings are open to faculty regardless of their specific course responsibility.
All meetings are open to graduate faculty, who have voice but no vote.
All meetings are open to interested educators and pre-service teachers.
All meetings are open to interested friends and members.
All meetings are open to interested observers.
All meetings are open to interested parties.
All meetings are open to libertarian, conservative, or interested law students.
All meetings are open to members and guests.
All meetings are open to members and non-members alike.
All meetings are open to members and others in the school library community.
All meetings are open to members of the academic or public communities.
All meetings are open to members.
ALL meetings are open to members.
All meetings are open to new members.
All meetings are open to nonprofit executives and local government officials.
All meetings are open to parents and coaches.
All meetings are open to parents and faculty.
All meetings are open to public participation.
All meetings are open to public.
All meetings are open to students, faculty, and staff.
All meetings are open to tenure track faculty members.
All meetings are open to the campus and community as a whole.
All meetings are open to the campus com-munity.
All meetings are open to the community.
All meetings are open to the congregation.
All meetings are open to the entire college community.
All meetings are open to the entire university community and the public.
All meetings are open to the floor.
All meetings are open to the general membership.
All meetings are open to the general public and are free.
All meetings are open to the general public and the press is free to attend.
All meetings are open to the general public for additional comments and ideas.
All meetings are open to the general public free of charge.
All meetings are open to the general public, except when executive session has been convened.
All meetings are open to the general public.
All Meetings are open to the Media.
All meetings are open to the members of the parish.
All meetings are open to the membership, and visitors are welcome.
All meetings are open to the membership.
All meetings are open to the press and public.
All meetings are open to the press.
All meetings are open to the property owners.
All meetings are open to the public .
All meetings are open to the public and accessible to people with disabilities.
All meetings are open to the public and accessible to persons with disabilities.
All meetings are open to the public and accessible to the handicapped.
All meetings are open to the public and all citizens are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and all citizens are welcomed.
All meetings are open to the public and all interested persons are invited and encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and an agenda is published in advance.
All meetings are open to the public and any interested party is welcome to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and are free of charge.
All meetings are open to the public and are held in the community recreation centers monthly.
All meetings are open to the public and are held in the library at Westside.
All meetings are open to the public and are held in the school's main conference room.
All meetings are open to the public and are held monthly at the school.
All meetings are open to the public and are publicized in advance.
All meetings are open to the public and are subject to change.
All meetings are open to the public and are subject to North Dakota law.
All meetings are open to the public and are subject to provisions of Texas law.
All meetings are open to the public and attendance is invited.
All meetings are open to the public and citizen participation is encouraged.
All meetings are open to the public and citizens are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and citizens are invited to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and citizens are urged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and everyone is encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and everyone is invited to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and everyone is welcome to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and everyone is welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and feature speakers of local interest.
All meetings are open to the public and free of charge.
All meetings are open to the public and general membersip.
All meetings are open to the public and guests are always welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and guests are urged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and guests are welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and held in a handicap accessible meeting room.
All meetings are open to the public and industry stakeholders.
All meetings are open to the public and input is encouraged.
All meetings are open to the public and input is welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and interested citizens are welcome to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and interested parents and parishioners are invited to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and interested persons are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and media.
All meetings are open to the public and meeting notices are published regularly.
All meetings are open to the public and minutes of the meetings are available for public inspection.
All meetings are open to the public and new members are welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and newcomers are welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and non-members are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and participation by guests is encouraged.
All meetings are open to the public and participation is encouraged throughout the review process.
All meetings are open to the public and participation is welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and patrons are always welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and provide time for public comment.
All meetings are open to the public and public comment is welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and public input is encouraged.
All meetings are open to the public and public participation is welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and students are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and subject to change.
All meetings are open to the public and suggestions are welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and televised live on local access cable television.
All meetings are open to the public and the media.
All meetings are open to the public and the public is encouraged to participate.
All meetings are open to the public and the public is invited and encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and the public is invited to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and the public is welcome and encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and time is included on every agenda for public comment.
All meetings are open to the public and visitors are cordially welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and visitors are welcome.
All meetings are open to the public and water users in the District are urged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public and welcome comments from community members.
All meetings are open to the public and wheelchair-accessible.
All meetings are open to the public at all times.
All meetings are open to the public at no charge.
All Meetings are open to the public at no charge.
All meetings are open to the public at no cost, and there are no membership dues.
All meetings are open to the public but are geared to fire survivors.
All meetings are open to the public except for executive session sessions.
All meetings are open to the public except for executive sessions.
All meetings are open to the public except in a few circumstances.
All meetings are open to the public except the closed session portion of the meeting.
All meetings are open to the public free of charge.
All meetings are open to the public in accordance with the Texas Open Meetings Law.
All meetings are open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All meetings are open to the public unless otherwise stated.
All meetings are open to the public unless othewise specified.
All meetings are open to the public unless stated otherwise below.
All meetings are open to the public with the exception of executive sessions.
All meetings are open to the public with the exception of occasional administrative meetings.
All Meetings are open to the public, and all are encouraged to bring their friends and family.
All meetings are open to the public, and are regularly announced to members.
All meetings are open to the public, and community participation is encouraged.
All meetings are open to the public, and guests are welcome.
All meetings are open to the public, and interested citizens are invited to attend.
All meetings are open to the public, and interested stakeholders are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public, and patrons are always welcome.
All meetings are open to the public, and residents are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public, and the minutes of meetings are open to public inspection.
All meetings are open to the public, and the public is encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public, and the public is invited to attend.
All meetings are open to the public, and undergraduate philosophy students are encouraged to attend.
All meetings are open to the public, and visitors are welcome.
All meetings are open to the public, except executive or closed sessions.
All meetings are open to the public, except for executive sessions as authorized by law.
All meetings are open to the public, except when required by law.
All meetings are open to the public, unless otherwise indicated.
All Meetings are open to the public, with the exception of the published closed session portion.
All meetings are open to the public.
All meetings are OPEN to the public.
All Meetings are open to the public.
All meetings are open to the student body and everyone is encouraged to come.
All meetings are open to the student body.
All meetings are open to the university community unless otherwise specified.
All meetings are open to the university community.
All meetings are open to visitors.
All meetings are open unless otherwise specified.
All meetings are open unless otherwise stated.
All meetings are open unless they re closed by a two-thirds vote.
All meetings are open with meeting agendas and unapproved minutes.
All meetings are open, and guests are invited as needed.
All meetings are open.
All meetings are PM unless otherwise noted Cold Spring Harbor Sun.
All meetings are PM unless otherwise noted East Hampton Sun.
All meetings are potluck and open to the public.
All meetings are potluck.
All meetings are predominant with an open Bible.
All meetings are private, and decisions are issued as available.
All meetings are public and accessible.
All meetings are public and are scheduled as needed.
All meetings are public and open for anyone to attend.
All meetings are public and open to any interested party.
All meetings are public budget meetings.
All meetings are public except for infrequent executive sessions which occur within public meetings.
All meetings are public meetings.
All meetings are public unless otherwise noted.
All meetings are public.
All meetings are smoke and fragrance free.
All meetings are strictly confidential.
All meetings are subject to change .
All meetings are subject to change in time or place or to cancellation without notice.
All meetings are subject to change or cancellation.
All meetings are subject to change pending appropriate notification.
All meetings are subject to change.
All meetings are subject to changes in time, date, location or cancellation.
All meetings are subject to date and time change due to unforeseen circumstances.
All meetings are subject to the provisions of the Brown Act.
All meetings are subject to time change please call ahead.
All meetings are tape-recorded and minutes are prepared.
All meetings are tentative until further notice.
All meetings are to be conducted according to the rules voted on by the membership.
All meetings are to be considered open to the general public and free of any admission charge.
All meetings are to be held in conformity with the Public Meeting Law.
All meetings are to be open to the press and the public.
All meetings are to be open to the public.
All meetings are usually layout work, running trains and fun.
All meetings are warm and friendly, offering a chance for everyone to get involved.
All meetings are wheelchair accessible and open to all.
All meetings are, of course, open to all members.
All meetings begin with a Bible study or devotion.
All meetings begin with a networking reception.
All meetings begin with a salute to the flag and a moment of silence.
All meetings begin with prayer and scripture.
All meetings below are open meetings unless otherwise indicated.
All meetings can be at .
All meetings conducted in churches are also non-smoking meetings.
All meetings contain at least one presentation which is educational in nature.
All meetings grow through attraction.
All meetings have a permanent agenda item on quality issues.
ALL meetings have FREE babysitting service provided.
All meetings held with the chaplain are confidential.
All meetings listed above are open to the public.
All meetings listed below are open to the public unless otherwise stated.
All meetings listed below are open to the public.
All meetings listed below are subject to change.
All meetings occur every week throughout the year.
All meetings require a certain level of organisation and some tasks to be allotted to the members.
All meetings require a quorum of majority of active members.
All meetings require a quorum of members consisting of the simple majority of members.
All meetings require clothing suitable for public areas.
All meetings require reasonable notification to the required attendees of meeting location and time.
All meetings start next week.
All meetings start on time and end two hours early.
All meetings start with lunch at noon.
All meetings take place in the morning unless otherwise indicated.
All meetings take place in the women's center.
All meetings take place on site at camp.
All meetings take place on the student s school campus during normal school hours.
All meetings take place on the student's school campus during normal school hours.
All meetings welcome visitors and newcomers.
Any meeting is pretty difficult to organise.
Every meeting also features a raffle open to all attendees and a door prize for members.
Every meeting also features a raffle with great prizes as well as Show and Tell.
Every meeting brings more people with more ideas.
Every meeting contains new ideas, mediation, music and community.
Every meeting differs.
Every meeting entertains a question and answer period.
Every meeting features a presentation by an expert in some aspect of local or regional history.
Every meeting features a speaker or other program of aquatic interest.
Every meeting focuses on one or two specific topics.
Every meeting has a different topic dealing with sociology.
Every meeting has a facilitator that controls the flow of the meeting.
Every meeting has a featured program speaker on fishing topics.
Every meeting has a guest speaker and focuses on a particular travel topic.
Every meeting has a keynote speaker to address the group on topics of general interest.
Every meeting has a new focus theme and activity.
Every meeting has a period of time set aside for public comments.
Every meeting has a social time and refreshments.
Every meeting has a theme.
Every meeting has an open forum in which any issue can be discussed.
Every meeting has free food and drinks.
Every meeting has speakers addressing subjects of political interest.
Every meeting holds a workshop for all education majors to attend.
Every meeting includes a presentation, and last night's presentation took place in the planetarium.
Every meeting includes a program with guest speakers.
Every meeting includes a special guest, drawn from the world of theatre.
Every meeting includes a special program, speaker, word game, or craft activity.
Every meeting includes a work session, a best practices presentation, and snacks.
Every meeting includes live music, skits, and lots of other cool stuff.
Every meeting is a celebration.
Every meeting is a dialogue.
Every meeting is a partnership between the leader and the participants.
Every meeting is a unique experience.
Every meeting is an exchange of gifts.
Every meeting is an open meeting and therefore can be observed by any departmental member of staff.
Every meeting is completely voluntary on the students part.
Every meeting is conducted from a specific format.
Every meeting is different depending on the chosen topics.
Every meeting is diiferent.
Every meeting is divided into three distinct parts.
Every meeting is festive.
Every meeting is full of behaviors by the members.
Every meeting is held whenever necessary.
Every meeting is important, but some meetings are so important they deserve a much wider audience.
Every meeting is more fun than the next, and everyone has a good time.
Every meeting is open to public.
Every meeting is open to the public.
Every meeting is so interesting.
Every meeting is unique.
Every meeting means a delay, and every delay costs money.
Every meeting offers a new chance for self-invention.
Every meeting offers new opportunities to try, stretch, or master something.
Every meeting promises a good, healthy debate.
Every meeting provides for a learning environment into the many facets of critical science.
Every meeting receives our full attention, no matter how big or small.
Every meeting seems to call for a bright suggestion.
Every meeting tears our community apart.
Every meeting therefore involves an element of suspense.
Every meeting turns into a party.
Every meetings starts with food, fun, and games.
Many meeting are multidisciplinary.
Many meetings also incorporate the use of laser light shows.
Many meetings are friendly but some can get very tense.
Many meetings are ineffective and waste valuable time.
Many meetings are of a general nature and therefore of interest to schools and students.
Many meetings are open to the public.
Many meetings are painfully unproductive.
Many meetings are planned more than a year in advance, so long-term thinking is vital.
Many meetings are simply unnecessary.
Many meetings are very small, and some are in people's houses.
Many meetings feature exciting speakers and technical topics.
Many meetings have a newcomers group as part of one of their regular weekly meetings.
Many meetings have a topic for discussion.
Many meetings have an international panel of speakers.
Many meetings have coffee and biscuits after the worship and some have shared meals together.
Many meetings have mailing address other than the address of where the meeting takes place.
Many meetings mention the quality and depth of the silence in worship.
Many meetings occur behind closed doors.
Many meetings rely on clerks of committees to be chosen from within the committees.
Many meetings run smoothly with informal use of rules.
More meetings are to come in the fall.
Most meetings also have a speaker or demonstrator.
Most meetings are a 'singaround', with acts contributing several songs each.
Most meetings are by appointment, but a pleasant caf area accommodates people waiting to talk.
Most meetings are either breakfast, lunch, or dinner depending on scheduled times.
Most meetings are entirely open.
Most meetings are for addicts only.
Most meetings are for open discussion among all present.
Most meetings are free and open to the general public.
Most meetings are free to members.
Most meetings are held is restaurants whose menu provides food of the featured country.
Most meetings are hybrids of more than one type.
Most meetings are in homes.
Most meetings are in Pullman.
Most meetings are led by instructors.
Most meetings are led by train instructors.
Most meetings are non-smoking.
Most meetings are open to all with no admission charge.
Most meetings are open to guests as well as to members.
Most meetings are open to the general public.
Most meetings are open to the public.
Most meetings are Open.
Most meetings are potluck dinners at a member's home.
Most meetings are public and open to interested parishioners.
Most meetings are sponsored, so it's an opportunity to learn about products, too.
Most meetings are time wasters.
Most meetings begin with introductions and each survivor telling of their loss.
Most meetings can take place over the telephone or via fax and e-mail.
Most meetings conclude at about noon.
Most meetings conclude with the decision to have a follow-up meeting with all the same attendees.
Most meetings consist of updates from the officers and a speaker from industry.
Most meetings end with a time of recreation.
Most meetings fail because they try to do too much.
Most meetings feature a guest speaker on a topic of interest to permaculturists.
Most meetings feature a guest speaker with a topic of interest to landlords.
Most meetings feature a noteworthy expert in some aspect of the literary field.
Most meetings feature a presentation by a health professional.
Most meetings feature a speaker of interest to independent communications professionals.
Most meetings feature a speaker or other entertainment.
Most meetings feature a speaker who is a published writer, editor, teacher, or literary agent.
Most meetings feature an interesting guest speaker from our community or the surrounding area.
Most meetings feature guest speakers and the public is invited to attend.
Most meetings feature guest speakers on a wide range of topics.
Most meetings feature informative speakers.
Most meetings focus on a presentation by a speaker.
Most meetings focus on is a topic announced in advance on our mailing list.
Most meetings have a member-selected focus.
Most meetings have a professional theme that many of the sessions are aligned with.
Most meetings have a question and answer section.
Most meetings have a visiting speaker, often illustrated with slides, or sometimes with plants.
Most meetings have an entertaining or educational after-dinner speaker on an HR topic.
Most meetings have guest speakers who come in and give a testimony or words of encouragement.
Most meetings host a guest speaker.
Most meetings involve multiple people and they look both forward and back.
Most meetings now occupy a full day although sometimes the programme extends over two days.
Most meetings offer CLE credit.
Most meetings offer special orientation discussion sessions and free literature for newcomers.
Most meetings require entrance fee to defray cost of premises, food, etc.
Most meetings run until noon but reps are free to leave earlier if necessary.
Most meetings start and end late, allowing latecomers to penalize the prompt attendees.
Most meetings take place in a house with desks, ne.
Most meetings take place in Eliot Upper Senior Common Room.
Most meetings take place near premier ski resorts in pristine mountain settings.
Most meetings write of the centrality of Meeting for Worship in their lives and fellowship.
Some meeting directories organize first by day and time, then by location.
Some meetings also accept LaTeX template files.
Some meetings are away from the office.
Some meetings are 'business' based, some are 'music' focused.
Some meetings are completely silent.
Some meetings are discussion sessions and some are business meetings.
Some meetings are dull because they are overly structured or controlled.
Some meetings are for retirees only.
Some meetings are held at other locations for special programs.
Some meetings are inherently confrontational.
Some meetings are more demanding than others.
Some meetings are more important to the department than others.
Some meetings are necessary, while others are wasteful and ineffective.
Some meetings are occasional, while others are of a continuing nature.
Some meetings are of special interest to teachers or to health and social workers.
Some meetings are open to discussion.
Some meetings are purely for fun such as an auction and recognition coffee.
Some meetings are rather small and others fill the room.
Some meetings are round-table discussions on topics like finance and technology.
Some meetings are so large, no personal contact.
Some meetings are specific to particular groups, sex, age, profession.
Some meetings are technical and some are planned simply for socializing.
Some meetings are women only, so check the schedule on the front before barging in.
Some meetings consist of both.
Some meetings encourage members.
Some meetings feature guest speakers and others focus on topics for small group discussions.
Some meetings have a press table to which press people are directed.
Some meetings have a small number of places available.
Some meetings have images of each slide also archived.
Some meetings have special guest that have to have that.
Some meetings help positions.
Some meetings offer little more than a stale cookie and flat soft drink.
Some meetings offer teaching and discussion to enhance a teen mom's mothering skills.
Some meetings require a very open structure to enable members of the group to be heard.
Some meetings require more follow-up than others.
Some meetings require pre-registration.
Some meetings simply go to open discussion with no definite theme.
A meetinghouse is house of worship
Meetinghouse is mile on left.
Meetings rooms are available.
Mefloquine resistance occurs along the borders with Thailand.
A mefloquine is an antimalarial drug
Mefloquine crosses the placenta.
Mega agents are adept at showing how clients benefit from their services.
Mega bats are fruit bats.
Mega cities are defined demographically, that is by population size.
Mega color is broken by dark lines, which also help to direct the flow of the page.
Mega health is a standard powerup that gets the job done.
Mega readings are the most complete and accurate readings available.
A megabat is a bat
Megabats are a smaller group of bats that live in tropical places like Africa, Asia, and Australia.
Megabats are large bats that navigate by sight and smell and feed on plant products.
Megabats are larger and feed on nectar, pollen and fruit.
Megabats are larger bats that use their eyesight to feed on fruits and nectars.
Megabats are larger bats.
Megabats are mammals.
Megabats are the larger bats.
Megabats eat fruit , nectar or pollen .
Megabats eat fruit, nectar or pollen.
Megabats fly from plant to plant.
Megabats have large eyes and excellent eyesight.
Megabats have the advanced pathway from eye to midbrain.
Megabats live in tropical places.
Megabats seem to be slow.
Megabats use their eyes to locate food.
Megabats usually eat fruits, and microbats generally eat insects.
Most megabats eat fruit and have a good sense of smell so that they can find ripened fruit.
Most megabats have short, round ears.
Most megabats roost in the open.
A megabit is an unit
Megabits is a confusing word, since it sounds like megabytes.
A megabyte is an unit
Megabyte compresses it small enough to fit into a dropper.
Megabyte decides to paint the town red.
Megabyte downloading fees apply.
Megabyte is a million bytes - a thousand kilobytes.
Megabyte shows up and asks for a simple favor.
Megabyte strikes back by destabilizing the compression field.
Megabytes are cheep and negotiable.
Megabytes are irrelevant.
Megabytes are very desirable when printing large images.
Megadiverse groups are well suited to documenting declines both at the species and clade levels.
Megadose antioxidants help prevent bladder cancer recurrences.
Megadrive clones are pretty rare.
Megagametophytes develop from megaspores and are retained within the ovule.
A megahertz is a rate
Megahertz are a myth.
Megahertz count too.
Megahertz denotes a million waves per second.
Megahertz is a bandwidth-length product rating.
Megahertz is a million cycles per second.
Megahertz is only part of the equation.
Megahertz is the number of cycles per second.
Megahertzs are rates.
More megahertz means faster programs with fewer crashes or freezes.
A megakaryocyte is a bone cell
Megakaryocytes are bone cells.
Megakaryocytes are hematopoietic cells.
Megakaryocytes are mildly to moderately decreased.
Megakaryocytes are numerous.
Megakaryocytes are prominent, even at low power.
Megakaryocytes are responsible for production of platelets within the body.
Megakaryocytes are very important cells because they differentiate into blood platelets.
Megakaryocytes generate platelets , essential to blood clotting .
Megakaryocytes originate from stem cells of the bone marrow.
Megakaryocytes produce platelets by pinching off small cell fragments.
Megakaryocytes remain in the bone marrow when mature.
A megalith is a monument
Megaliths are memorials.
Megaliths can range in size from two feet to twenty.
Megaliths Go back to map sheet NB .
Megaliths never fail to impress moderns who have been spoiled by heavy machinery.
Some megaliths are believed to have religious significance.
A megalomania is a mental condition
Megalomania can be such a rush.
A megaphone is a device
Megaphones usually provide the broadest power curve and spread out the horsepower peak to the max.
A megapode is a bird
Megapodes are a family of birds found in Australasia .
Megapodes are a family of birds found in Australasia.
Megapodes are too special to be ignored.
Megaripple size correlates better with flow kinetic energy than with other flow variables.
Megasporangium is a sporangium that bears megaspores.
A megaspore is a spore
Megaspores are female spores.
Megaspores are larger, and solitary within each megasporangium .
Megaspores are spores.
Megaspores develop into female gametophytes.
Megaspores develop into female sporophytes.
Megaspores occur in female cones and form female gametophytes.
Megaspores occur in femlae cones and form femal gametophytes.
A megasporophyll is a leaf
Megasporophylls have megasporangia which produce megaspores.
Megawatt isa emu.
Megawatts have (part) kilowatts.
Megawatts have (part) watts.
A mei is a fruit tree
MEIs are schools that enroll any non-white students.
Meiosis creates genetic variation .
Meiosis creates genetic variation.
Meiosis creates haploid daughter cells and mitosis creates diploid cells.
Meiosis creates haploid gametes that fuse to make a diploid fertilized egg.
Meiosis has (part) anaphase.
Meiosis has (part) cytokinesis.
Meiosis has (part) metaphase.
Meiosis has (part) prophase.
Meiosis has (part) telophase.
Meiosis has multiple purposes.
Meiosis has phases.
Meiosis has purposes.
Meiosis involves cell division.
Meiosis involves division.
Meiosis involves nuclear division.
Meiosis is understatement
Meiosis isa process.
Meiosis leads to mendelian segregation.
Meiosis leads to segregation.
Meiosis occurs and haploid spores develop in capsule and are then released.
Meiosis occurs by a series of steps that resemble the steps of mitosis.
Meiosis occurs in division.
Meiosis occurs in eukaryotes.
Meiosis occurs in plants.
Meiosis occurs in reproduce eukaryotes.
Meiosis produces daughter nuclei.
Meiosis produces half male and half female spores, so that a gametophyte is either male or female.
Meiosis produces haploid spores.
Meiosis produces identical daughter nuclei.
Meiosis produces identical nuclei.
Meiosis produces nuclei.
Meiosis produces spores.
Meiosis results in production.
Meiosis takes place and four nuclei are formed.
Meiosis takes place at the time of germination.
Meiosis takes place during the formation of the gametes, as in higher animals including humans.
Meiosis takes place in one cell within each sporangium.
Meiosis takes place in the production of zoospores.
Meiosis takes place only in the formation of the gametes - sperm and egg .
Meiosis takes places.
Meiosis yields four haploid nuclei.
Meiosis yields products.
Most meiosis has multiple purposes.
Most meiosis has phases.
Most meiosis has purposes.
Most meiosis involves cell division.
Most meiosis involves division.
Most meiosis involves nuclear division.
Most meiosis leads to mendelian segregation.
Most meiosis leads to segregation.
Most meiosis occurs in division.
Most meiosis occurs in eukaryotes.
Most meiosis occurs in plants.
Most meiosis occurs in reproduce eukaryotes.
Most meiosis produces daughter nuclei.
Most meiosis produces haploid spores.
Most meiosis produces identical daughter nuclei.
Most meiosis produces identical nuclei.
Most meiosis produces nuclei.
Most meiosis produces spores.
Most meiosis takes places.
Some meiosis involves alternation.
Some meiosis leads to conditions.
Some meiosis occurs in animals.
Some meiosis occurs in phases.
Some meiosis occurs in sporangiums.
Some meiosis occurs in sporophytes.
Some meiosis produces products.
Meiotic chromosome pairing in maize is associated with a novel chromatin organization.
Meiotic division starts to occur in developing sperm when the male reaches puberty.
Some meiotic division takes places.
Meiotic errors lead to chromosome aneuploidy .
Meiotic nondisjunction leads to aneuploidies.
ALL meiotic organisms spend some proportion of their life as a haploid and as a diploid.
Meiotic recombination creates crossovers that are essential for proper chromosome segregation.
Meiotic recombination is important in maintaining genome stability from one generation to the next.
Meiotic recombination occurs during formation of pollen and egg cells with a high frequency.
Meiotic spindles found in mutant testes are generally irregular in shape and structure.
Meippean satire is characterized by fantastic and sometimes other worldly settings.
Meishi exchange is just the beginning.
Melaleuca oil is a natural oil isolated from the Australian tea tree.
A melamine is an alkali
Melamines containing alpha cellulose, mineral, or glass fibers have the greatest flame resistance.
A melancholia is a depression
Melancholia is described in the literature of ancient Greece.
Melancholia is the change of thoughts from normal due to fear and disease.
Melancholia is used today to refer to certain symptoms that occur in severe depression.
Melancholias are depressions.
Melancholia often follows such action.
Melancholic depressions are very common in people who have been hospitalized.
A melancholic is a depressive
Melancholics can be creative in artistic areas such as poetry and music .
Melancholics can be creative in artistic areas such as poetry and music.
Melancholy individuals make a third group.
Melancholy people are very introverted.
Melancholy strings end the song.
Melancholy thoughts carve out an inner space where wisdom can take up residence.
Melancholy vibes lend a bittersweetness to many of the tracks.
Melancholies are usually hard to please and fussy over details.
Melancholy is sadness
Melanesian artists work on social and religious themes.
Melanesian people tend to be quietly spoken and non-confrontational.
Melanin biosynthesis requires a number of enzymatic reactions.
Melanin synthesis is dependent on a single copper-dependent enzyme, laccase.
Melanin absorbs energy, all types of energy.
Melanin absorbs more light so less is absorbed by the body.
Melanin absorbs some of the laser light.
Melanin absorbs ultraviolet radiation, like a sunblock.
Melanin absorbs UV radiation and helps to protect the body against ultraviolet radiation.
Melanin absorbs UV radiation and protects skin from cancer.
Melanin absorbs various types of radiation as well as being capable of binding boron.
Melanin acts as a protective biological shield against ultraviolet radiation.
Melanin also acts as a sunscreen and protects the skin from ultraviolet light.
Melanin also enables the individual to hold a vision in their mind's eye and manifest it.
Melanin also has a powerful natural way to protect against sunlight damage to our bodies.
Melanin also helps protect the skin from the sun's damaging rays.
Melanin also plays a role in color change by darkening the skin.
Melanin also protects the skin from harmful ultraviolet rays from the sun.
Melanin also provides essential protection from ultraviolet rays.
Melanin appears to be a secondary defense against oxidative damage caused by blue light.
Melanin can also be toxic.
Melanin can bind bacterial toxins and many other substances including drugs.
Melanin can inactivate many enzymes.
Melanin controls all mental and physical body activities.
Melanin darkens the skin and protects it from strong sunlight.
Melanin darkens via a photochemical reaction.
Melanin determines skin and hair color.
Melanin determines the color of one's skin and hair.
Melanin does help in the protection from sunlight induced erythema and premature skin aging.
Melanin gives color to the iris.
Melanin gives color to the skin, hair, and iris of the eyes.
Melanin has several physiological roles in maintaining health, such as the synthesis of vitamin D .
Melanin helps protect the skin by absorbing ultraviolet rays from the sun.
Melanin helps to block out damaging rays up to a point.
Melanin helps to protect against the damaging rays of the sun and to determine skin coloring.
Melanin helps to protect the skin from the harmful rays of the sun.
Melanin is a black pigment, and fungi that produce melaning are visible black or brown.
Melanin is a brown colored protein that helps determine the color of our skin.
Melanin is a chemical in our bodies that colors our skin, eyes, and hair.
Melanin is a chemical or pigment which determines the color of the skin.
Melanin is a chemical that gives people skin color, and everybody's eyes have some.
Melanin is a dark pigment found in the skin, hair and eyes of humans and other animals.
Melanin is a dark-colored substance that absorbs UV before it can cause damage to the skin.
Melanin is a derivative of the essential amino acid phenylalanine.
Melanin is a form of colourant that lies in the bottom layers of the skin.
Melanin is a free radical scavenger.
Melanin is a macromolecule synthesised by melanocytes.
Melanin is a natural sunscreen.
Melanin is a pigment created by our bodies.
Melanin is a pigment formed in organelles called melanosomes .
Melanin is a pigment produced by cells in the lower layers of the epidermis.
Melanin is a pigment produced in the skin cells that causes skin coloration.
Melanin is a pigment responsible for skin color and eye color .
Melanin is a pigment that provides a measure of natural protection from UV radiation.
Melanin is a protein that is dark.
Melanin is a quinonoid of some what uncertain structure.
Melanin is a stable free radical.
Melanin is a sticky molecule.
Melanin is a substance in the skin cells that controls hair and skin color.
Melanin is a substance produced by the skin that makes it darken.
Melanin is a trait postulated to have evolved for UV-screening in microorganisms.
Melanin is a type of skin pigment that gives our body color.
Melanin is a yellow pigment.
Melanin is actually an energy sponge to absorb the damage from further UV damage.
Melanin is also a mechanism for absorbing heat from the sun.
Melanin is an effective sunscreen in the ultraviolet region.
Melanin is an organic pigment that produces most of the colour seen in mammals.
Melanin is another type of pigment.
Melanin is biological polyacetylene, in much the same way latex of Brazil is polyisoprene .
Melanin is brown and lipochrome is a yellowish-brown.
Melanin is brown in color.
Melanin is deranged only when it becomes toxic.
Melanin is derivative of the amino acid tyrosine .
Melanin is envisaged as an energy transducer with the properties of an amorphous semiconductor .
Melanin is especially useful as a chelating agent to lower or eliminate aluminum agents.
Melanin is formed from the oxidation of tyrosine by tyrosinase.
Melanin is formed here to protect against ultraviolet radiation.
Melanin is important in mammalian pigmentation.
Melanin is in cells of skin called melanocytes.
Melanin is like a superconductor, or like a battery in a car.
Melanin is made from the amino acid tyrosine, which is also needed to build proteins.
Melanin is made in small granules, called melanosomes, within the melanocyte.
Melanin is made up of specialized pigment cells called melanocytes.
Melanin is manufactured to protect skin from the ultraviolet rays in sunlight.
Melanin is organic compounds.
Melanin is our natural pigment that determines skin color and provides some sun protection.
Melanin is passed from melanocytes to skin cells by cytocrine secretion.
Melanin is photoprotective.
Melanin is pigment
Melanin is pigment.
Melanin is present in tissues as granules.
Melanin is produced by cells called melanocytes in a process called melanogenesis .
Melanin is produced by cells called melanocytes.
Melanin is produced by melanocytes that are found within the layers of the hair follicle.
Melanin is produced by the oxidation of the amino acid tyrosine , followed by polymerization .
Melanin is produced in the eye.
Melanin is produced in the pineal gland.
Melanin is red or blackish brown.
Melanin is responsible for pigmentation in the eyes, hair and skin.
Melanin is responsible for skin color.
Melanin is responsible for the colour of our skin.
Melanin is skin and hair.
Melanin is supposed to regulate all physiological and psychological processes in humans.
Melanin is the dark pigment found in the hair, skin, and the eye.
Melanin is the human body's natural defense against the sun's damaging rays.
Melanin is the main pigment found in mammals.
Melanin is the most important pigment of coat color in all mammals.
Melanin is the pigment found the skin and the amount varies with race.
Melanin is the pigment in the skin and protects the skin from sunlight.
Melanin is the pigment responsible for coloration.
Melanin is the pigment that causes dark skin.
Melanin is the pigment that colors the skin.
Melanin is the pigment that determines the colour of skin, hair, and eyes.
Melanin is the pigment that gives color to human hair, eyes, and skin.
Melanin is the same substance that give skin and hair their color.
Melanin is the skin pigment that gives the skin a tan color.
Melanin is the skin's natural protection against the UV rays contained in sunlight.
Melanin is the strongest chemical in the human body.
Melanin is the sun umbrella of our skin, melanin is the skin's natural defense against UV rays.
Melanin is very important in producing skin color and in absorbing free radicals.
Melanin is what causes pigmentation of skin.
Melanin is what darkens the skin, producing a suntan.
Melanin is what the Original man has through genetics.
Melanin isa pigment.
Melanin occurs naturally within the body based on skin type.
Melanin plays a big part in the colour of almost all animals, even humans.
Melanin plays a big role in hair color.
Melanin produced in the melanocytes is delivered to the basal skin cells.
Melanin protects deeper skin layers from the sun s harmful effects.
Melanin protects skin from UV damage.
Melanin protects skin.
Melanin protects the DNA in the nucleus from UV radiation damage.
Melanin protects the skin by shielding it from the sun.
Melanin protects the skin from a. desiccation.
Melanin protects the skin from ultra-violet radiation in sunlight.
Melanin protects the tissues from the effects of excessive UV radiation.
Melanin protects tissue.
Melanin protects underlie tissue.
Melanin protects underlying tissues from UV light.
Melanin provides many benefits to human beings.
Melanin provides protection to the lens of the eye against uv light.
Melanin provides protection.
Melanin ranges in color from yellow to red to brown to black.
Melanin remains dark brown while iron based hemosiderin turns blue.
Melanins are a family of dark-pigmented substances found in a wide range of organisms.
Melanins are produced by epidermal cells called melanocytes.
Melanins are sensitive to light, pressure, oxygen and peroxides.
Melanins constitute an insoluble and infusible material difficult to purify.
Melanins exhibits two separate current-voltage characteristics, the on and off state.
Melanins have very diverse roles and functions in various organisms.
More melanin means more coloration.
Most melanin protects skin.
Most melanin protects tissue.
Most melanin provides protection.
Some melanin absorbs radiation.
Some melanin absorbs rays.
Some melanins even emit a flash of light as they switch, implyng possible electroluminesence.
A melanism is skin disorder
Melanism is a condition that gives an animal an appearance the opposite of albinism or leucism.
Melanism is a condition that is the opposite of albinism or leucism.
Melanism is a particularly important phenomenon for understanding evolution.
Melanism is common in the north and albinism is rare in all areas.
Melanism is from an abundance of dark pigment in the skin and hair.
Melanism is known to occur in other species, but is common in cats.
Melanism is result of a dominant allele and remains relatively rare in jaguars.
Melanism is the occurrence of individuals that are black they have an excess of the pigment melanin.
Melanism is the result of a dominant allele and remains relatively rare in jaguars.
Melanistic cats are sometimes common to the north of the cats range.
Melanistic individuals are known.
Melanistic individuals seem to be fairly common.
Melanistic individuals tend to live in the forests.
Melanistic leopards are fairly common and can occur in the same litter as spotted cubs.
Melanite garnet appears to replace pyroxene and wollastonite.
Melanocyte stimulate hormones produce in glands.
Melanocyte stimulate hormones produce in pituitary glands.
A melanocyte is an epidermal cell
Melanocyte isa cell.
Melanocytes accumulate certain drugs to affect their action.
Melanocytes act as factories for the production of granules of the pigment, melanin.
Melanocytes are a stable and long-lived population of cells.
Melanocytes are cells derived from the neural crest.
Melanocytes are cells located in the lower part of the epidermis .
Melanocytes are cells of neural crest origin.
Melanocytes are cells that make the brown pigment called melanin.
Melanocytes are characterized by long, fixed extensions of the outer cell membrane.
Melanocytes are dendritic and are distributed roughly one per six basal cells.
Melanocytes are epidermal cells which produce melanin.
Melanocytes are epidermal cells.
Melanocytes are in the epidermis.
Melanocytes are melanin-producing cells found in the basal cell layer of the epidermis.
Melanocytes are melanin-producing cells located in the bottom layer of the skin's epidermis.
Melanocytes are more in the epi.
Melanocytes are most prevalent in the distal matrix and are absent in the nail bed.
Melanocytes are part of the epidermis.
Melanocytes are pigment producing cells in the skin.
Melanocytes are pigment-producing cells in the skin of humans and other vertebrates.
Melanocytes are skin cells that produce the dark protective pigment called melanin.
Melanocytes are the cells from which melanoma begins to develop.
Melanocytes are the cells in the skin that produce melanin, the pigment that gives skin color.
Melanocytes are the cells that become cancerous in malignant melanoma.
Melanocytes are the cells that synthesize pigment.
Melanocytes are the cells which can lose control, and grow into a malignant melanoma.
Melanocytes are the cells which give rise to the development of malignant melanoma.
Melanocytes are the little factories inside our skin that are responsible for producing melanin.
Melanocytes are transparent cells with dendrites .
Melanocytes are very difficult to grow in culture.
Melanocytes begin to make pigment.
Melanocytes begin to regionalize in the hair peg.
Melanocytes complete regional migration into the hair bulb.
Melanocytes contain giant melanosomes.
Melanocytes decrease in number to level in mature epidermis.
Melanocytes develop from neuroectodermal elements in the early stages of gestation.
Melanocytes form pigment in small particles, melanosomes, in a series of steps.
Melanocytes have (part) cell membranes.
Melanocytes have (part) chromatin.
Melanocytes have (part) chromosomes.
Melanocytes have (part) corpi.
Melanocytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Melanocytes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Melanocytes have (part) lobes.
Melanocytes have (part) nuclei.
Melanocytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Melanocytes have (part) sections.
Melanocytes have (part) vacuoles.
Melanocytes have long, dendritic processes that reach the upper and lower layers of the epidermis.
Melanocytes increase in number, differentiate, make premelanosomes.
Melanocytes increase production of melanin and the numbers of melanosomes.
Melanocytes increase the arborization of their cell processes.
Melanocytes insert granules of melanin into specialized cellular vesicles called melanosomes .
Melanocytes manufacture melanin.
Melanocytes populate the epidermis.
Melanocytes produce melanin , which is a pigment that is the source of tanning.
Melanocytes produce melanin and are derived from neural crest cells.
Melanocytes produce melanin within cytoplasmic packets called melanosomes.
Melanocytes produce melanin, a pigment that darkens the skin.
Melanocytes produce melanin, a pigment that determines skin, eye, and hair color.
Melanocytes produce melanin, which gets deposited into the epidermal cells.
Melanocytes produce pigments in the form of melanin granules.
Melanocytes produce the melanin.
Melanocytes produce the pigment called melanin.
Melanocytes produce the pigment melanin , and are also in the inner layer of the epidermis.
Melanocytes produce the pigment melanin, which contributes to hair, eye, and skin color.
Melanocytes produce the pigment, melanin , which generates our skin color.
Melanocytes produce the pigment, melanin, which generates our skin color.
Melanocytes produce the protective pigment called melanin .
Melanocytes produce the protective skin-darkening pigment melanin.
Melanocytes resemble nerve celss and are ssential for conveying energy.
Melanocytes reside in the basal layer of the epidermis.
Melanocytes synthesize melanin.
Melanocytes transfer pigment to keratinocytes.
Most melanocyte stimulate hormones produce in glands.
Most melanocyte stimulate hormones produce in pituitary glands.
A melanoma is skin cancer
Melanoma occurs despite physical condition, health, complexion and family history.
Melanoma occurs in every part of the country.
Melanoma occurs in some cases.
Melanoma occurs more frequently in lightly pigmented individuals.
Melanoma occurs more often in people with fair skin that burns or freckles easily.
Melanoma occurs when pigment cells start dividing uncontrollably.
Melanomas appear as dark lumps on the skin.
Melanomas appear as either a new spot or an existing spot that changes colour, size or shape.
Melanomas are cancer.
Melanomas are diseases.
Melanomas are much more common on skin that is exposed to sunlight.
Melanomas are on show, easy to spot.
Melanomas are rapid-spreading cancers which can kill within a few years of their occurrence.
Melanomas are skin cancer.
Melanomas are skin diseases.
Melanomas arise from darkly pigmented cells, usually in the skin.
Melanomas bleed easily and grow very rapidly.
Melanomas develop from the pigment-producing cells that determine the skin s color.
Melanomas have a tendency to develop around the ear, foot, or base of the tail.
Melanomas have the greatest likelihood of getting to the central nervous system.
Melanomas occur in every breed, and in every color.
Melanomas occur more in men than in women.
Melanomas tend to have an irregular border.
Melanomas tend to have jagged, irregular, or poorly defined edges.
Melanomas tend to metastasize widely.
Melanomas tend to occur most often on women's legs and men's heads.
Melanomas tend to spread outwards across the skin or downwards into the skin.
Melanomas often look different from other spots on the skin.
Melanomas often start as small, mole-like growths that increase in size and change color.
Melanomas often start as small, mole-like growths that increase in size and change in color.
More melanomas arise from marked dysplasias than from moderate dysplasias.
Most melanoma is related to sun exposure.
Most melanomas begin in a mole or other pre-existing skin lesion.
Most melanomas found in the young are of the superficial spreading type.
Most melanomas have a black or blue-black area.
Most melanomas occur on the torso in men and on the legs in women.
Most melanomas start in normal skin, as small brown or black marks on the skin.
Most melanomas start in normal skin, with fewer than a third developing in existing moles.
Most melanomas start on a pigmented patch such as a mole or a freckle.
Most melanomas start out flat and spread peripherally before becoming more bumpy.
Most melanomas tend to be flat initially and spread laterally across the skin surface as they grow.
Some melanomas also tend to be positive.
Melati hotels are more difficult to define.
Melatonin secretion demonstrates variability.
Melatonin supplements are made with synthetic ingredients in a lab or with cow urine.
Melatonin supplements are sold as sleep aids to insomniacs and are very safe.
Melatonin synthesis is maximal in darkness at night and is dramatically suppressed by light.
Melatonin acts on receptors.
Melatonin acts on specific receptors.
Melatonin decreases cell proliferation and transformation in a melatonin receptor-dependent manner.
Melatonin facilitates synchronization of sparrow circadian rhythms to light.
Melatonin has effects.
Melatonin has properties.
