Spacious grounds allow for ball games along with petanque.
Spacious grounds have impressive landscaping.
Spacious grounds offer plenty of space for touch football, pepper ball, or just plain sun bathing.
Spacious grounds provide privacy as well as numerous recreational activities.
Spacious guestroom provides luxury and convenience, each with private bath and fine linens.
Spacious guestrooms have city or garden courtyard view.
Spacious home gives a calm setting, both inside and out.
Spacious home needs some cleanup and repair.
Spacious interior needs creative renovations.
Spacious interiors offer custom features such as gas fireplaces and open European kitchens.
Spacious interiors offer nine-foot ceilings, unique floor plans and elegant finishes.
Spacious kitchen has breakfast bar, pantry and microwave.
Spacious kitchen has deluxe oak cabinetry and spacious pantry.
Spacious kitchen has pantry, lazy susan and plenty of counter tops.
Spacious kitchen has skylight and breakfast bar.
Spacious kitchen has white cabinets with crown molding.
Spacious kitchen is open to family room and morning room.
Spacious kitchen opens on private patio.
Spacious lakes provide refuge to migrating birds.
Spacious lanai looks west, directly out to ocean and West Maui mountains.
Spacious lanai provides a treehouse feeling above a lushjungle valley.
Spacious lawns give children room to play games, plant gardens, take walks and share picnics.
Spacious lawns provide ample room for guests to bring lawn chairs and blankets for informal viewing.
Spacious lifts are available for all floors.
Spacious lobbies provide extensive space for exhibits, displays, or reception areas.
Spacious lots are available at a minimal fee.
Spacious lots are still available at affordable prices .
Spacious lounge features open brick fireplace, and Hammond organ.
Spacious master suite down and lots of standard features.
Spacious notes are easy to study from.
Spacious offices are in a recently renovated house, and include a chest X-ray facility.
Spacious parking is provided adjacent to the building.
Spacious parking is provided for any and all size vehicles next to the Inn.
Spacious patio overlooks the pool, beach, and sea.
Spacious porches overlook the trap and skeet field.
Spacious porches provide plenty of outdoor dining as well.
Spacious restrooms are a relatively modern phenomenon.
Spacious restrooms are disabled-accessible and there are handrails along the loading ramps.
Spacious restrooms are located on all levels throughout the ballpark.
Spacious room has traditional furniture.
Spacious room overlooks a small park and the downtown office towers.
Spacious rooms allow for large family gatherings and wonderful flow for entertaining.
Spacious rooms are alpine style with pine wood furniture.
Spacious Rooms are individually climate-controlled.
Spacious rooms are modest but have some unique architectural elements.
Spacious rooms are very clean with new furniture and hot showers.
Spacious rooms can accommodate up to six guests.
Spacious rooms facing the swimming pool and kitchenettes are available.
Spacious rooms have two queen-size beds and private bath.
Spacious rooms open out the blossom of frangipani and bougainvillea.
All spacious rooms have bath or shower, balcony, wc, and phone.
All spacious rooms have bath or shower, wc, balcony, satellite TV, radio and telephone.
Spacious studio features a dividing door for privacy.
Spacious suites accommodate up to six.
Spacious suites are available with sunrooms, hardwood floors, and spectacular Lake Erie views.
Spacious suites can accommodate large families or groups.
Spacious suites feature canopied beds.
Spacious suites feature king log beds, skylights, jacuzzis and fireplaces surrounded by river rock.
Spacious suites feature log king beds, skylights, jacuzzis and fireplaces surrounded by river rock.
Spacious suites feature private baths, kitchens, private entrances, lanais and cable tv.
Spacious suites feature refrigerators, microwave ovens and wet bars.
Spacious suites overlook the Gulf of Mexico.
All spacious suites have private parking by fireplace entrances and private baths.
Spacious tents provide for a very comfortable night's rest.
Spacious tracks give rise to light humming and hammering noises.
Spacious verandahs provide wonderful places to relax and savor the views.
Spacious yard features a horse shoe pit.
Spacious yard provides stunning scenery and barbecue.
A spade is a playing card
Spade isa shovel.
Spades are always trump.
Spades are black, hearts are red , diamonds are green and clubs are blue .
Spades are card games.
Spades are easier to use, and more efficient for hand to hand combat.
Spades are excellent for shaping straight-sided trenches and edging beds.
Spades are excellent for shaping straight-sided trenches and for edging beds.
Spades are for digging.
Spades are good.
Spades are playing cards.
Spades are suits.
Spades are tools.
Spades are used for diggings.
Spades are usually too large for working in tightly planted flower beds.
Spades have (part) handles.
Spades have (part) sections.
Spades Includes a tutorial on how to play the game.
Spades is a another modern North American game.
Spades is a partner-based card game for four.
Spades is a partnership game.
Spades is a team game.
Spades is one of the greatest strategy card games in the universe.
Spades is terrible.
Spades is the most popular four-handed card game on the Internet.
Spades is the most popular partnership card game in the United States.
Spades is the trump colour.
Spades is very easy to learn, and quite difficult to master.
Spades Play partners or solo, with or without jokers, with custom colors and opponents.
Spades Play spades in a magical medieval setting.
Spades used for digging holes or cutting turf are usually longer than shovels.
All spades down are wild, and a spade up kills players.
Some spades have a flattened area at the top of the blade called the tread.
Some spades have a 'non-stick' coating to make digging and cleaning easier.
A spadefoot toad is a toad
Spadefoot toads are a consumer.
Spadefoot toads have hard, horn-like growths on their hind feet.
Spadefoot toads inhabit the dry grasslands of western North Dakota which have sandy or loose soil.
Spadefoot toads live in dry areas.
Spadefoot toads live throughout much of the United States.
Spadefoot toads make crying sounds during a rainstorm .
Spadefoot toads make crying sounds during a rainstorm.
Spadefoot toads spend nine months of every year underground.
A spadefoot is a toad
Spadefoots are frogs.
Spadefoots are very secretive, spending most of their time hiding in burrows.
Spadefoots do remain underground in shallow burrows for weeks during dry periods.
Spadefoots spend most of their lives buried in mud or sand.
All spadefoots have a cornified black wedge on the hind foot.
A spadework is work
Much spadework has to be done in the beginning, and adequate funds invested for the purpose.
Spaetzle dumplings are small enough to also be added to soups.
A spaghetti sauce is a sauce
Spaghetti sauce comes from Italy, in southern Europe.
Spaghetti sauce does go on sale often and the price is close to homemade.
Spaghetti sauce is also good over rice, especially wild rice.
Spaghetti sauce is easy with canned crushed tomatoes and some herbs.
Spaghetti sauces are located in jars.
Spaghetti sauces are located in refrigerators.
Spaghetti sauces are red.
Spaghetti sauces are sauces.
Most spaghetti sauce is gluten free and many now have a gluten-free label.
Most spaghetti sauces are low fat.
Spaghetti squash is a fantastic platform for all sorts of flavoring and stuffing.
Spaghetti squash is a member of the winter squash family.
Spaghetti squash is part of spaghetti squash.
Spaghetti squash is ready when golden yellow, banana squash when golden orange.
Spaghetti squash is summer squash
Spaghetti squash is summer squash.
Spaghetti squash is vegetables.
Spaghetti squash is yellow and oval-shaped.
Spaghetti squash looks like a yellow, slightly oblong, melon.
Spaghetti squash provides a starch free alternative to traditional pastas.
Spaghetti squash replaces the high carb pasta for a lighter dish.
Spaghetti straps are adjustable for comfort along with snap-bottom closure and thong back.
Spaghetti straps are always popular, and the majority of people prefer long dresses to short ones.
Spaghetti straps hold the wide band bodice that has been embroidered in silver and gold thread.
Spaghetti straps tie at the shoulders.
Spaghetti can be just about anything added or deleted from it.
Spaghetti comes on the side and the portions are enormous.
Spaghetti cools rapidly.
Spaghetti covers with homemade meat sauces.
Spaghetti covers with sauces.
Spaghetti is food.
Spaghetti is located in plates.
Spaghetti is pasta.
Spaghetti is solid food
Spaghetti isa pasta.
Most spaghetti covers with homemade meat sauces.
Most spaghetti covers with sauces.
Spain has (part) Spanish capital.
Spain isa thing.
Spallation sources are certainly preferable to reactors in relation to radioactive waste.
A spallation is nuclear reaction
Spallation is another photomechanical event.
Spallation refers to the collisional fragmentation of heavy nuclei into lighter nuclei.
Spalted maple handle with an inset bronze bolster.
Most SPAM abusers get SOME positive response to their E-mails.
Spam bots collect e-mail addresses from online newsgroups for marketing pitches.
Spam mail is one of the most aggravating problems occurring on the internet today.
Spam mail is theft of service.
Spam mail tends to be one tacky come-on after another.
Most SPAM mail contains sexually explicit material, and other possibly illegal material.
Most spam messages are in no doubt worthless.
Most spam messages are unwelcome.
Some spam messages end with instructions about how to get off the marketer's mailing list.
SPAM bait below.
Spam interferes with legitimate commerce and communication.
Spam is America's favorite mystery meat.
Spam is canned food.
Spam is canned meat.
Spam is electronic mail.
Spam is email
Spam is email.
Spam is food.
Spam is located in cans.
Spam is located in containers.
Spam is products.
Spam tends to annoy a number of people on the internet.
Spam tends to be both verbose and illiterate.
Spam thrives by abusing the Internet's unique social, technological and economic structures.
Spam works as furniture polish.
Spams are n ot only socially unacceptable, they can be illegal.
Spams are off-topic postings, posted inappropriately to many different newsgroups.
Spams are scams and senders and willing ISPs are crooks.
Spams are the most common form of junk e-mail.
Spams are typically blatent calls for readers to visit a commercial website.
Spams are usually unsolicited advertisements sent to tens of thousands of Internet users at once.
Spams invariably say they'll remove names on request, but they almost never do.
All spam is bad.
Many spams are the result of ignorance.
More spam is sold in Hawaii than any other state.
Most spam consists of advertisements for dodgy products or services or get rich quick schemes.
Most spam consists of e-mail advertising for a product or service.
Most spam is for commercial advertising.
Most spam is forged in some fashion, making it impossible to determine the origin.
Most spam is simply annoying, but some is also illegal.
Most spams are scams of some sort.
Much spam is obviously junk, so just delete it immediately.
Some spam claims to be opt-in, but it never is.
Some spam is likely to elude the filter.
A spammer is a transmitter
Spammers actively attempt to get around recipient attempts to filter out ads.
Spammers add people to their junk mail lists without consent.
Spammers also can damage a company ,s reputation by forging return email addresses.
Spammers also can damage a company s reputation by forging return email addresses.
Spammers also cheat their suppliers.
Spammers also create phony aliases such as thegap-usa.
Spammers also go fishing for new targets by trying variations on e-mail addresses.
Spammers also use fake return addresses to try to cover their tracks.
Spammers also use techniques of using other internet services' email equipment to send their mail.
Spammers are a big problem in the world.
Spammers are a blight on the Internet.
Spammers are a paltry minority compared with legitimate users of distributed networks.
Spammers are all liars.
Spammers are also into pyramid scams.
Spammers are at most the scum and mud of the Internet.
Spammers are chancers.
Spammers are dishonest people employing dishonest tactics.
Spammers are dweebs.
Spammers are energy creatures.
Spammers are highly motivated to find their way around either barrier.
Spammers are legitimate businesspeople, just trying to make a buck.
Spammers are like the germinating poison ivy seeds.
Spammers are notorious for forging and hiding headers.
Spammers are notorious for using fake email addresses.
Spammers are people who flood user mailboxes with irrelevant or inappropriate messages.
Spammers are real smart.
Spammers are scum who steal from their victims who have to pay for their time online and bandwidth.
Spammers are scum.
Spammers are senders.
Spammers are sometimes smart and is tough to stop all.
Spammers are stoopid.
Spammers are stupid.
Spammers are subhuman primitives who think that being assholes is a legitimate business plan.
Spammers are the scum of the earth.
Spammers are thieves, cheats, and liars and are the bane of the Internet.
Spammers are thieves, plain and simple.
Spammers are to blame for a lot of the search sites' problems.
Spammers are unlucky, unfortunate, pitiful scum.
Spammers are very cunning in the ways they obtain user information.
Spammers argue their business has overhead like any other.
Spammers attempt to use catchy subject phrases or words.
Spammers buy e-mail lists, and the addresses can be very old.
Spammers can also use many unsecured relays to send out more e-mail in less time.
Spammers can and do forge approvals.
Spammers can expect their ISP to be notified.
Spammers can get email addresses from a number of places.
Spammers can get e-mail addresses from a variety of sources.
Spammers can go get fucked .
Spammers can hide behind third party relays.
Spammers can hide behind third-party relays.
Spammers can obtain their email addresses from resources that are free.
Spammers can relay through another server to cover their identity.
Spammers can send millions of email messages at very little expense.
Spammers change accounts as fast as they change underwear.
Spammers claim that email costs nothing to receive, so there's no harm in their actions.
Spammers claim the right to send commercial email to anyone, which many recipients reject.
Spammers Click HERE O and HERE .
Spammers clog up their disk storage, their tech support lines, and their bandwidth.
Spammers cloud the issue.
Spammers collect addresses from newsgroups and the Web.
Spammers collect usenet news postings for E-mail addresses.
Spammers compile the e-mail addresses for their massive mailings from many varied sources.
Spammers continue their pernicious practice because it's effective.
Spammers continue to remain complete morons.
Spammers cost the basic Internet subscriber.
Spammers damage it much more.
Spammers deserve no respect.
Spammers do serious harm to the web by falsely indexing their sites in irrelevant categories.
Spammers do still send a lot of spam directly.
Spammers dont have a prayer.
Spammers evidently have a nasty habit of opening accounts fraudulently with fake or stolen numbers.
Spammers expect flames, presumably, and it is just like water off a duck's back.
Spammers feed off e-mail addresses.
Spammers gain a pair of benefits from mail relay.
Spammers gather email addresses through several methods.
Spammers get email addresses in a number of ways.
Spammers have a number of attacks, but all spam begins with obtaining the customer's mail address.
Spammers have a variety of tools for gathering email addresses to build their mailing lists.
Spammers have always put fake addresses, they never use their real addresses.
Spammers have many tricks.
Spammers have no constitutional rights.
Spammers have no such limits because it's free.
Spammers have none.
Spammers have programs which spider through web pages, looking for e-mail addresses.
Spammers have several options for sending e-mail in bulk.
Spammers have the right to send spam.
Spammers hide themselves and use many fake addresses for each occasion.
Spammers just fake the moderation then.
Spammers know people do it.
Spammers lie to everyone.
Spammers lie to their customers.
Spammers lie, cheat, and steal.
Spammers list .
Spammers love to find systems that have no message size restrictions.
Spammers love to spoof their reverse lookup.
Spammers love to use open relays to do all the hard work of sending their messages.
Spammers make a lot of money and are smart in spreading it around to politicians.
Spammers make money by sending out millions of email messages on a daily basis.
Spammers make the best fantasy enemies.
Spammers pick email addresses like kids pick blackberries.
Spammers regularly attempt to get the lists of subscribers to mailing lists.
Spammers search through newsgroups using computers for e-mail addresses.
Spammers seem to love it.
Spammers seem to take longer than truly educated people to grasp that basic concept though.
Spammers send out hundreds of thousands of e-mails at a single mouse click.
Spammers send spam as a form of free advertising, which is illegal in most cases.
Spammers shoot themselves in the foot from the onset and never recover completely.
Spammers simply open a new e-mail account or steal services from another open relay.
Spammers steal resources, disrupt operations, and damage systems.
Spammers target their victims by collecting random email addresses from several sources.
Spammers then send e-mails to addresses based on the interests of the users .
Spammers try to cover their tracks.
Spammers try to deflect blame when things go wrong.
Spammers typically use special software that mines Web sites for e-mail addresses.
Spammers typically violate Internet mail standards.
Spammers use a variety of methods to get email address.
Spammers use automated programs that grab every address they can find to send their useless email.
Spammers use automated programs to search the Internet for email addresses that they can use.
Spammers use fake return addresses to get by filters.
Spammers use lists of e-mail address.
Spammers use our server as a relay point.
Spammers use programs that automatically search Web pages for addresses.
Spammers use relaying to prevent the reciever of the message to identify where the message derived.
Spammers use relays to increase the number of messages they can spew.
Spammers use robots to scarf up email addresses from newsgroups.
Spammers use software to hunt through newsgroup postings and personal Web pages to gather addresses.
Spammers use software to scan large swaths of the Internet for open relays.
Spammers use spambot spiders to pick off e-mail addresses from web pages.
Spammers use special software to 'harvest' random e-mail addresses from the Internet.
Spammers use spiders to cultivate email addresses from the internet.
Spammers use the electronic serfs to troll the Internet for e-mail addresses.
Spammers use the resources of ISPs and mail servers without consent.
Spammers frequently use Emergency or read immediately as subjects.
Spammers frequently use fake headers to confuse the people they spam.
Spammers often change little bits and pieces of their spam as they fine-tune it.
Spammers often forge return-path addresses.
Spammers often forge the delivery headers of email to disguise where they are sending it from.
Spammers often forge their return addresses, in order to avoid retaliation from angry recipients.
SPAMmers often get addresses from e-mail lists that are posted on the Internet.
Spammers often lose their accounts and even get charged cleanup fees by their internet providers.
Spammers often send email to bogus aliases at valid domain names.
Spammers often send incompliant mail messages.
Spammers often use bogus message identifiers to hide their identity.
Spammers often use software spiders to grab email addresses from chat rooms and message boards.
Spammers often use software that combs newsgroups for email addresses.
Spammers often use third-party relaying to distribute spam via an intermediary party's mailer.
Spammers sometimes put fake headers at the end of a message to cause confusion.
Spammers sometimes use a blank MAIL FROM to hide their tracks.
Spammers sometimes use such replies as confirmation that they have an active email address.
Many spammers advocate the use of opt-out lists.
Many spammers harvest email addresses from newsgroups and discussion boards.
Many spammers have dedicated programs called bots that search the Internet for e-mail addresses.
Many spammers have software that can extract e-mail addresses out of messages.
Many spammers put numbers at the end of subject lines to prevent filters from working.
Many spammers rely on tricks to make people read their messages.
Many spammers use a Web site as a point of contact.
Many spammers use bad addresses.
Many spammers use bot programs to travel the web and seek out e-mail addresses from websites.
More spammers now use the Internet . . .
Most spammers conceal their own e-mail addresses, making it hard for computer users to retaliate.
Most spammers have no morals at all.
Most spammers use automated software to pick up e-mail addresses from newsgroup articles.
Some spammers also guess at more common addresses.
Some spammers claim they have a Constitutional right to spam.
Some spammers even target their mail based on web pages.
Some spammers even use intermediaries to try to avoid detection and blocking.
Some spammers offer a method to be removed from their list .
Some spammers play 'cat and mouse'.
Some spammers take on a false identity.
Some spammers use harvesting programs to find addresses.
Some spammers use robots to trawl the web for addresses, looking for pages with ' mailto ' tags.
Some spammers use the subject line in the message to make the recipient think it's legitimate.
Span of control is accomplished through timely use of delegations and good resource management.
Span of control is how many people directly report to that manager.
Span of control is maintained at three to seven employees per supervisor.
Span of control is the number of employees supervised by a manager.
Spans of control is human resources.
A span is a duration
Span distances now display correctly on printouts.
Span maintains capacity and connectivity.
Spans antiquity to the present.
Spans are distance.
Spans are durations.
Spans can be straight or u-bend spans with equal or unequal leg lengths.
A spandex is cloth
Spandex gives it a little stretch.
Spandex holds top up, prevents it from creeping down and bunching up.
Spandex is heat sensitive, and the fabric easily gets permanent shiny marks on it.
Spandex is more resistant to washing, perspiration, and heat than latex.
Spandex is much like a lycra dive type skin.
Spandex only stretches so far.
Spandex provides part of the sex appeal that is integral to both comicdom and the real world.
Spandexs are cloth.
Spandexs are fabric.
Spandrel beams are deep beams between columns.
A spandrel is a surface
Spandrels can have neutral, beneficial or even harmful effects.
Spandrels provide another example.
A spangle is adornment
Spangles are beautiful birds in their own right.
Spangles are books.
Spangles are often as numerous as many of the Normal colours.
Spangles are triangular and evenly distributed on wing shield.
A spaniel is a gun dog
Spaniels do both.
Any Spanish ability is an asset to be noted.
Spanish agents intrigue against colonists.
Spanish Anarchists begin burning monasteries.
Spanish architecture is evident across the state.
Spanish architecture reflects the influence of past eras.
Spanish arms are inheritable as any other form of property.
Some Spanish articles tell of many thousands of people being offered to the gods each year.
Spanish Artists Learn about the historic periods of Spanish art and about Spanish artists.
Any Spanish astronomer can take part in the competition.
Spanish authorities announce two new cases of mad cow disease.
Spanish authorities provides some tools, and the crew hand cut and stacked the brush.
Spanish banks are well capitalized.
Spanish banks look a little bit expensive.
Spanish banks offer a varied array of mortgage loan schemes on a both fixed and variable rates.
Most Spanish banks offer a complete range of services.
Spanish bayonet is by far the most abundant along Georgia's coast.
Spanish beer is inexpensive for the most part and has low alcohol content.
Spanish bluebells do well in heavy shade.
Some spanish bluebells grow in gardens.
Spanish Books Learn on the road.
Some Spanish borrowings are well-known only in a certain area.
Spanish broom grows much larger than the space often allotted to it.
Spanish broom provides interesting color but is threatening native plants along the American River.
Spanish buildings maintain much lower temperatures than most buildings in the United States.
Spanish bullfighter Go to a previous date.
Some Spanish capital is part of Europe.
Some Spanish capital is part of Spain.
Spanish Cathedrals tend to be bigger than most.
Spanish cedar has a delicate aroma that is complementary, enhancing the cigar's taste.
Spanish cedar is mahoganies.
Spanish cedar is the traditional and best choice for a humidor.
Spanish cedar is used afterwards to strip one half of the inside wedge .
Spanish certification is a plus for teachers of other languages.
Spanish cheese is mainly hard and cheddar-like and most are an acquired taste.
Spanish chemists are very highly trained and can give good general advice for most minor ailments.
Spanish children are always dressed to a T, no matter what day it is.
Spanish children have a great fondness for the three Wise men, especially Balthazar.
Spanish children prefer the Three Kings with their camels, parades and rich clothes.
Spanish chorizo is available at Spanish markets.
Spanish chorizo is made from pork, and it's very hot and spicy.
All Spanish cities have a main square in the center.
Spanish class is always a hassle.
Spanish classes are available as formal language schools or through private tutors.
Spanish classes are available for all students except kindergartners.
Spanish classes are in the morning and cultural classes in the afternoon.
Spanish classes are small, and students receive personal attention from faculty.
Spanish classes go to local Mexican stores and Carowinds.
Spanish classes meet once a week for forty minutes.
Spanish classes meet three days per week.
Spanish classes provide students with exposure to foreign language and culture.
Spanish classes write bilingual story books for the community.
Spanish club is a long-term commitment.
Spanish colonization begins.
Spanish commentators differing from their British counterparts, expect even greater falls.
Spanish company looks for technological cooperation in renewable energies.
Spanish competence is helpful in many placements and required for some.
Spanish conquerors spread it to other tribes.
Spanish conquistadors use biological warfare used against Native peoples.
Spanish consumers consider price and performance before purchasing portable heaters.
Spanish corruption is repulsive and irritating even in Europe.
Spanish course is required regardless of level before volunteer program begins.
Spanish courses differ slightly from the German and French course programs.
Spanish courses take the final exam at the same time on the same date.
All Spanish courses are transferable college credit.
Spanish cuisine has a few standard procedures to prepare meats.
Spanish cuisine is of high quality, tasty and varied.
Spanish cuisine is truly a unique combination of flavors and ingredients.
Spanish cuisine uses the most oil among all Western and Central European cuisines.
Spanish culture is a unique combination of European flair and medieval North African style.
Spanish culture is emphasized.
Spanish culture is full of fun, food, and time together with friends.
Spanish culture is introduced through appropriate readings, projects, and class presentations.
Spanish curriculum is an idea to look at for review.
Spanish customs believe the cannabis had been loaded at sea from another ship.
Spanish dagger is much like Spanish bayonet.
Spanish Delight Produces large quantities of the famous snacking peanut sold in vending machines.
Some spanish dictators lose power.
Spanish documents mention a gun salute being fired from the fort.
Spanish drivers are generally very good.
Spanish drivers are skilled and courteous, albeit fast, so driving is safe and pleasurable. .
Spanish edition is anticipated.
Spanish edition is here .
Spanish edition is on the reverse side.
Spanish electives are available to advanced students only.
Spanish explanations are readily assessable for each word or sentence.
Some spanish explorers bring sunflowers.
Some spanish explorers invade habitats.
Spanish faculty tend to be user-friendly.
Most Spanish families take pride in their cooking and in their traditional Mediterranean cuisine.
Spanish films are on the up and up.
Spanish fishermen are desperate to catch more fish and move into other waters.
Spanish flamenco is full of powerful feelings set in an exactingly stringent rhythmical structure.
Spanish fluency is a plus.
Spanish fluency is essential.
Spanish fluency is preferred and grantsmanship a plus.
Spanish fluency is required.
Spanish fly is also quite poisonous, and therefore illegal in the United States.
Spanish fly is an aphrodisiac, which means that it heightens sexual desire.
Spanish food is all the rage as of late, so sign up and learn something new.
Spanish food is exquisite and Spanish wine is some of the best in the world.
Spanish food is one of the appealing things of Spain.
Spanish food is the most underrated in the world.
Spanish food is traditional and varied and differs greatly from region to region.
Spanish food is very European, meats and sauces.
Spanish forces crush Incan revolt in Peru.
Spanish Form Complete the form by hand.
Spanish forms are available by clicking HERE .
Spanish forts are still intact.
Spanish fossils enter human ancestry fray.
Some spanish friars continue labor.
Some spanish friars join missions.
Spanish galleons lie on ocean floors.
Spanish genealogists attribute the name's meaning as someone who is course in manners or brusque .
Spanish Genealogy Includes archives, resources, associations, and surnames database.
Spanish girls show their spirit, during their classes.
Spanish girls tend to be really promiscuous.
Spanish goats are hardy and rugged, thriving on rough forage and in difficult environments.
Some spanish goats browse juniper.
Spanish grammar exercises Self-test exercises and more.
Spanish grammar is reviewed as needed.
Spanish gunners prepare to fire cannons with their hands on the lanyard.
Spanish guy makes revenge, on what.
Spanish gymnasts celebrate after learning their fate.
Spanish history comes to life.
Many Spanish hotels permit dogs and cats under specific conditions.
Spanish ibexs live in mountains.
Spanish influence is seen in architecture, street names, foods and art.
Spanish influence permeates New Mexico.
Spanish influence remains strong in Houston today.
Spanish influences are evident throughout the city with many hacienda style structures.
Spanish influenza kills hundreds.
Spanish Inquisition begins.
Spanish instruction includes game playing, art projects, and an array of project-based learning.
Spanish instruction is begun at kindergarten.
Spanish instruction is offered to provide experiences in using foreign languages.
Spanish interpreter is available in the court.
Spanish interpreters are available weekdays.
Spanish interpreters improve their skills.
Spanish interpreters volunteer daily.
Spanish jokes are a little hard to understand, especially their plays on words.
Spanish judge seeks new medical exam .
Spanish king is forced to abdicate.
Spanish knowledge is preferred, however.
Spanish labels marketed in other countries are almost certainly different from the U.S. products.
Spanish labourer makes a quiet start for a very long time.
Spanish language courses Massage cert.
Spanish language exercises that provide immediate feedback on the responses entered by the user.
Spanish language is a compulsory component in all years.
Spanish language is highly recommended.
Spanish language is offered at all levels and elective classes are taught in English.
Spanish language is offered at all levels and electives are taught in english.
Spanish language is offered at all levels and electives are taught in English.
Spanish language is offered at all levels and students take one elective course taught in English.
Spanish language is offered at all levels, and elective classes are taught in English.
Spanish language is offered at both beginners and advanced levels.
Spanish language is taught at all levels.
Spanish Language Look below for a close up view.
Spanish language ranks first.
Spanish language skills a big plus.
Spanish language skills a plus.
Spanish lavender is a low, sprawling plant, with squat flower spikes and a hint of pine fragrance.
Spanish law establishes clear rights to private ownership.
Spanish law recognizes religious marriages without a second, civil ceremony.
Spanish lemon softens the more extreme flavors, while Javanese almonds binds others together.
Spanish literature is read and discussed in Spanish.
Spanish mackerel are abundant and range up to five pounds.
Spanish mackerel are abundant in the smaller sizes also.
Spanish mackerel are all over the bay and along the coast.
Spanish mackerel are available for trolling or live-bait anglers.
Spanish mackerel are consistent in the early mornings.
Spanish mackerel are medium sized pelagic fish.
Spanish mackerel are still in the Bay in large schools.
Spanish mackerel continue to hit small mackerel trees and spoons worked along the coast.
Spanish mackerel have a fairly light color and a milder flavor.
Spanish mackerel is skinny.
Spanish mackerel tend to be leaner and have a more subtle flavor than Atlantic mackerel.
Spanish mackerels are mackerels.
Spanish mackerels are part of spanish mackerels.
Spanish major provides a foundation in the literature and culture of the Spanish-speaking world.
Spanish majors are able to ask for information to resolve a situation with a minor complication.
Spanish majors are able to describe in detail with comparison and contrasts.
Spanish majors are able to solve a simple problem presented by a situation.
Spanish majors are able to speak on a variety of topics.
Spanish majors are able to state and support an opinion.
Spanish majors are able to talk in discourse about activities in the present, past, and future.
Spanish majors can often find jobs in government agencies.
Spanish majors can practice their language skills.
Spanish majors prepare assignments in Spanish.
Spanish majors study in depth the literature, history, and culture of Spain and Spanish America.
All Spanish majors are highly encouraged to consider study abroad for a semester or year.
Many Spanish majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Spanish maps indicate Ponce de Leon Inlet open and in the same position as today.
Spanish mastiffs talk a little better than English-barking dogs.
Spanish materials are also available for media placement.
Spanish materials are available upon special request.
Spanish materials are available.
Some Spanish material relating to Latin America is purchased.
Some Spanish materials are available.
Spanish Medallions Offers a new line of designer medallions in Spanish.
Spanish missions are the oldest European buildings in many Southwestern towns.
Spanish monarchs agree to voyages.
Most spanish monarchs agree to voyages.
Spanish moss appears as a green-gray moss that hangs on tree limbs.
Spanish moss festooning the grandfather oaks completes the picture of a sleepy deep-south town.
Spanish moss grows as far north as Virginia.
Spanish moss grows no further north than here and blue spruce trees appear no further south.
Spanish moss grows on trees and is protected from herbivores.
Spanish moss hanging from around the eves of the house also adds to the eerie dilapidated effect.
Spanish moss is a common epiphyte growing among the crowns of trees.
Spanish moss is a long, whisker-like plant growth which hangs from trees.
Spanish moss is a popular southern Tillandsia.
Spanish moss is a study in contradictions.
Spanish moss is added around the edges of the pot for a finishing touch.
Spanish moss is an epiphyte that is related to the pineapple.
Spanish moss is another epiphyte.
Spanish moss is great for placing at the base of houseplants to hide the dirt.
Spanish moss is herbaceous plants.
Spanish moss is limited to warm, humid areas of the southern and coastal regions of the state.
Spanish moss is most evident in trees that are declining due to some other reason.
Spanish moss is native from the coast to the lower piedmont in South Carolina.
Spanish moss is neither Spanish nor moss.
Spanish moss is neither Spanish or moss, it is an epiphyte, a rootless fragment of a plant.
Spanish moss is plants.
Spanish moss is related to the pineapple.
Spanish moss is rootless, living attached to the trunks and branches of trees.
Spanish moss produces spores, much like other epiphytes.
Spanish music is part of the production, with dialogue in English.
Spanish music is very , very , very hard.
Spanish music plays softly in the background.
Spanish Music Welcome to our Spanish department.
Spanish Newspapers Select Spanish Newspapers by name or region to view current news online.
Spanish Night Is Over.
Spanish Numbers Learn Spanish numbers.
Spanish occupation is represented by the remains of two Christian churches on the site.
Spanish officials claim that it merely used the cease-fire to rearm.
Spanish officials demand the return of the assassins and mutineers.
Spanish onions are a large yellow onion that is milder and sweeter than most storage onions.
Spanish onions are a large yellow storage onion, as round as a globe.
Spanish onions are large, sweet, and juicy, with colour ranging from yellow to red.
Spanish onions are onions.
Spanish onions can substitute for specialty sweet onions out of season.
Many Spanish papers make the comparison between Austria and the Basque Country.
Spanish parents teach other parents.
Spanish peanuts are small and round with a mild flavor.
Spanish peanuts are used mostly for peanut candy , salted nuts , and peanut butter .
Spanish peanuts are used mostly for peanut candy, salted nuts, and peanut butter .
Spanish peanuts are used mostly for peanut candy, salted nuts, and peanut butter.
Spanish peanuts have smaller kernels than the other peanut types with a reddish-brown skin.
Spanish people are nations.
Spanish people are warm and friendly and so is the climate in the spring, summer and fall.
Spanish people have the worst taste in music.
Spanish people speak very fast so it is important to concentrate on what they are saying.
Spanish peoples cook it.
Spanish physicians regard it as an infallible friend.
Spanish players are notorious for saying grass is for cows.
Spanish police intercept more illegal immigrants .
Spanish police prevent an attempt by Islamist terrorists to blow up a high speed train near Madrid.
Spanish Product Offers.
Spanish proficiency is preferred.
Spanish proficiency is recommended.
Spanish prosecutors have three days to lodge an appeal against the ruling.
Spanish Proverbs Check out a new proverb every week with translation and explanation in English.
Spanish rates are reported for several years, rates for Mexico are for a single year.
Spanish records exist covering the period it is true.
Spanish regulations require labeling according to the aging.
Spanish reinforcements arrive.
Spanish resources are available for home, school, or parish.
Spanish roads are infamous for their high number of fatal traffic accidents.
Spanish rodeo is more likely to be italicized as a foreign word in London than in Laredo.
Spanish Romance is a standard in any classical guitarist's repertoire.
Spanish saffron is divided into grades.
Spanish sailors bring seeds.
Most spanish sailors bring seeds.
Spanish schedules are available by contacting the above number.
Spanish Schedules are Available.
Spanish schools are plentiful in Antigua.
Spanish schools have very high academic standards.
Some spanish settlers find sloths.
Spanish shepherds make use of a sling with unfailing security.
Spanish sherry adds to the spicy-sweet blend, and the mixture is served over a mound of rice.
Spanish sherry is produced in an interesting manner.
Spanish sink is a joy for the eyes.
Spanish skills are necessary to give the classes.
Spanish Skinheads have cooperative links with other organized extremist groups.
Spanish society has specific requirements in health care.
Spanish sources are somewhat more developed than other foreign languages.
Spanish speaker is a plus.
Spanish speakers are a plus.
Spanish speakers are also available.
Spanish speakers are available on Wednesdays.
Spanish speakers are available.
Spanish speakers are can work with Spanish speaking students or do translation.
Spanish speakers can get help rom bilingual tutors.
Spanish speakers can read the Spanish transcript .
Spanish speakers get bonus points.
Spanish speakers have a wide, diverse range of transitional language abilities and needs.
Spanish speakers know it as burning their eyelashes.
Spanish speakers know that Honduras comes from the Spanish word hondo implying depth.
Spanish speakers love tongue twisters, sayings, proverbs and all sorts of word games.
Spanish speakers produce only unaspirated stops.
Many Spanish speakers are among the estimated three million people left out of the tally.
Spanish specimens come from dry, temperate habitats dominated by grasses and broadleaved trees.
Spanish spelling is nearly perfect phonetically.
Spanish spurs have smaller rowels, narrow heel bands and fine inlaid gold or silver decorations.
Spanish students can apply for financial support.
Spanish students can wear their dance costumes that day.
Spanish students find many novel ways to practice their new knowledge.
Spanish students meet every other day all year.
Spanish students provide translation services at a local health clinic and at a legal aid clinic.
Spanish students receive a certificate of attendance, if required by their teachers.
Spanish students spend a lot of extra time learning English, German or French.
Spanish style see thru with removable wood slat windows to allow the front to be sealed at night.
Spanish style townhouses, seedy sex shows and elegant, over-ground cemeteries.
Spanish surnames have a few other things in common.
Spanish tests are available only in grades three and four in reading and writing.
Spanish tests are so hard too.
Spanish textbooks are great for learning Spanish in college.
Spanish tiles are on the floor.
Spanish tiles serve as an accent on the side of the fountain.
Spanish titles are in progress.
Spanish tortilla is a great favorite with family and friends.
Spanish tours are available at other times for groups of twenty or more with advanced notice.
Many Spanish traits are still present in the island.
Spanish translation is also available for most materials.
Spanish translation is available upon request.
Spanish translation is available.
Spanish translations are also available.
Spanish translations are available.
Some Spanish translations are available.
Spanish translators are also available.
Every spanish translator goes through an extensive quality control procedure.
Spanish troops are generally poorer quality than France's and more expensive.
Spanish tutorials are available.
Spanish types have smaller round seeds and Valencia is intermediate in size and shape.
Spanish Universities offer high level careers.
Most Spanish Universities organise courses throughout the year.
Spanish V is an advanced language course, taught primarily in the target language.
Spanish varieties have exaggerated ruff.
Spanish version are now available for all of our courses.
Spanish Version Get answers to frequently asked questions by product or troubleshooting assistance.
Spanish version is also available.
Spanish version is available.
Spanish version is under construction.
Spanish versions are also available .
Spanish versions are also available.
Spanish versions are available for most materials.
Spanish versions are available.
Spanish versions are in development.
Spanish villages plan to burn giant veggies for electricity.
Spanish walk is a very pretty movement and a very useful training tool for imporving the balance.
Every Spanish warship is sunk as fleet tries to run to open sea.
Spanish wildlife is also enormously diverse.
Spanish wines can be quite wonderful and are often good bargains.
Spanish women are lucky.
Spanish words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
Many Spanish words are similar to their English little friends.
Spanish yard is privatized.
Spanish youth seem to be the gloomiest in Europe.
Spanish isa Latin.
Spanked children control their behavior to avoid being hit.
Some spanked children feel quite justified in beating up on smaller ones.
A spanker is a striker
Spankers typically put little thought into parenting, but mainly react.
Many spankers are embarrassed about their calling and try to deny it.
Spanned commands can handle both read and write requests.
Spanner isa tool.
Spanners have (part) handles.
Spanners have (part) sections.
Spanpeak soils have an O horizon and are dominated by schist or gneiss rock fragments.
A spar is a contact sport
Spars appear to be bamboo.
SPARs are all smiles during the candlelight march.
Spars are aluminum and the deck stepped main is supported by a strong double spreader rig.
Spars are boxing.
Spars are companies.
Spars are in excellent condition.
Spars are minerals.
Spars are natural growth white spruce.
Spars are part of ships.
Spars are poles.
Spars are spruce or pine and the rigging is ofstainless steel or galvanized iron, and dacron.
Spars come pre-drilled for easy rib location.
All spars are custom engineered to suit the individual sailor's weight and plan spring rate.
Spare agendas are also available at the meetings themselves.
Spare batteries are also handy.
Spare batteries are available.
Spare batteries are worth the extra weight, along with a spare tape or two.
Spare blades are also available.
Spare blades are available.
Spare brake drums.
Spare bulb is included in the top unit.
Spare bulbs are available.
Any spare capacity is money the provider is leaving on the table.
Spare cassettes are available as well as cassettes pre-loaded with backing, line, and leader.
Spare compositions feature bust-like heads in profile battling insects, birds, snakes and fish.
Spare connectors are available.
Spare control seals.
Spare drives take over in the event of a drive failure.
Spare drivers have the choice of saying when they are available to drive.
Spare equipment is safely and conveniently stored.
Spare gloves are highly recommended.
Some spare hardware is available for sale.
Spare instruments are always available.
Spare keys are in the visor.
Spare lamps are available.
Spare leaflets are available from manufacturers for products dispensed from bulk supply.
Spare lenses are readily available.
Spare magazines are available.
Spare mattresses are available through Housekeeping.
Spare memory is used as a cache by the Web browser.
Every spare minute is booked with dogs - it is really amazing.
Every spare moment is spent on hunting for long lost relatives and their families.
Spare paints are in the background.
A spare part is an element
Spare parts are available at most hardware stores.
Spare parts are available for immediate shipment.
Spare parts are available for most of our products.
Spare parts are available throughout the lifetime of the gear unit.
Spare parts are available.
Spare parts are components.
Spare parts are difficult to obtain.
Spare parts are easily available.
Spare parts are easily imported duty free.
Spare parts are easy to procure.
Spare parts are eligible.
Spare parts are hard to come by in Newfoundland.
Spare parts are in critically short supply.
Spare parts are in stock and reasonably priced.
Spare parts are just one aspect of logistics.
Spare parts are less costly.
Spare parts are located in repair shops.
Spare parts are parts.
Spare parts are quick to arrive and their cost always a pleasant surprise.
Spare parts are readily available.
Spare parts are readily availiable.
Spare parts are still available, although seldomly needed.
Spare parts are very difficult to obtain.
Spare parts can be pretty pricey.
Spare parts go wanting and there are reported fuel shortages.
Spare parts have to be available and the repair manual has to be readable.
Spare parts have to be stocked at the plant so as to reduce the plant down time.
Spare parts represent a significant part of the refurbishment cost of the computer.
All spare parts are available.
All spare parts are manually replaceable.
Many spare parts have yet to make it through the pipeline.
Some spare parts are purely mechanical, e.g. a heart valve or a hip prosthesis.
Spare plugs fill conduit holes in plastic housing where needed.
Spare probes are available refer to listing.
Spare props are available.
Spare propellant shields the astronauts from radiation.
Spare racquets are available at nil charge.
Spare reagents are available individually.
Spare ribs are the larger rib pieces that attach to the pork belly.
Spare ribs come from the underside of the pig, next to the bacon region.
Spare room is packed full of stuff.
Some spare rooms have light.
Some spare rooms have sufficient light.
Spare skirt sets on request.
Spare socks grow matching pairs back there.
Any spare solution goes onto the soil below the plant as the earthworms are supposed to love it.
Spare spools are available.
Spare spools are typically a bit less than half the reel price.
Spare time do political satire and social commentary, sing and record songs.
Spare time has a way of disappearing.
Spare time is a period
Spare time is a vague memory.
Spare time is apparently hard to cope with.
Spare time is scarce resource.
Spare time means time for intramural sports , concerts , and intercollegiate athletics .
Spare time means time for intramural sports, concerts, and intercollegiate athletics.
Any spare time is spent as a full time taxi driver for two very sociable toddlers.
Any spare time is spent reading research articles to keep up with advances in husbandry science.
Any spare time is used for making things, i.e. knitting, quilting, sewing, needlepoint.
A spare tire is fat
Spare tire is mounted underneath the vehicle.
Some spare tires require higher inflation pressure.
Spare transmitters are available either standard or coded versions.
Spare trays are available.
Spare valve stems if tubeless tyres Bead breaker.
A spare is a score
Spares are also orderable.
Spares are available at extra cost.
Spares are available at listed engine factory prices.
Spares are available for all of the products in the range, and also for most of our older products.
Spares are available.
Spares are cheap.
Spares are difficult.
Spares are easily available given HM's extensive support network.
Spares are essential because there is no place within hundreds of miles to buy replacements.
Spares are highly advisable.
Spares are highly recommended.
Spares are in supply world wide and spares assistance is available as required.
Spares are in the drawer beneath the g.c.
Spares are only available to personal callers, and then only by arrangement.
Spares are readily available and efficient after sales services for the equipment.
Spares are readily available.
Spares are scores.
Spares are still a very important part of the bowling game.
Spares are sub-contracted.
Spares are vital for successful scoring.
Spares fit in the transport cases provided.
Spares lock nuts etc.
Spares provisioning is one of the most fundamental and difficult logistics processes.
Spares support at cost for one year after purchase.
Spares support does bring up a potential problem involved with such a mature aircraft.
Spares user the complexities of dealing with protected mode.
All spares are always available.
All spares are available.
All spares are subject to availability.
Some spares require higher inflation pressure.
A spark advance is timing
Spark advance varies with compression ratio.
Spark crowds are diverse.
A spark gap is a crack
Spark gaps used in Tesla equipment produce intense ultraviolet light.
Spark guards are less likely to tip or fall than folding screens.
Spark ignition provides an additional level of safety and convenience.
Spark knock is the sound of abnormal combustion.
Spark knock is the sound of abnormal fuel combustion.
A spark plug is an electrical device
Spark plug is good.
Spark plugs are automotive products.
Spark plugs are electrical components.
Spark plugs are electrical devices.
Spark plugs are in the head on admission side.
Spark plugs are one of the most misunderstood components of an engine.
Spark plugs are part of ignition.
Spark plugs are plugs.
Spark plugs are the only things that vary.
Spark plugs give up heat slowly.
Spark plugs help to remove the heat generated in the combustion chamber.
Spark plugs thread into the center of the combustion chamber through wells cast into the head.
Some spark plugs require a higher or lower voltage than others.
Spark power is voltage times the current times a correction factor.
Spark series has various types, reasonable price, on-time delivery and flexible mode of transaction.
Spark timing is keyed by a reluctor ring attached at the rear of the crankshaft.
A spark is a look
A spark is vitality
Spark eventually manages to bring the plot lines back together, but the unity is less than complete.
Spark is a youth led youth driven ministry.
Spark is able to write uninhibitedly now, which is a good thing.
Spark is also computer controlled for accuracy.
Spark is an experienced businesswoman.
Spark is an expert builder, fabricator and mechanic.
Spark is faster, more compact, and has a better working range.
Spark is thrown, and rock is sharpened.
Spark is twice as hot as standard match.
Spark is what makes winning horses.
Spark is wonderful on the little details of a woman's perversion.
Spark isa conduction.
Spark isa conductivity.
Spark isa fragment.
Spark represents the person's desire to change.
Spark therefore rejects any attempt at censorship of any kind.
Sparks also conducts a wide variety of international economic development projects.
Sparks also offers microbrews and imported beers and natural juices.
Sparks also says that the best way to measure achievement is by personal improvement.
Sparks also wants to encourage students and the community to come out to the games.
Sparks appear when a circle of metal foil is cut.
Sparks are boys and girls in kindergarten, first grade and second grade.
Sparks are boys and girls in kindergarten, first grade, and second grade.
Sparks are fragments.
Sparks are here and now, armed and dangerous.
Sparks are in the air.
Sparks are now visible in the contacts when the machine is excited.
Sparks are simply regions in the air which has undergone a change in phase.
Sparks are software.
Sparks are sure to fly.
Sparks are traces.
Sparks attributes the nation's interest in witnessing the execution to catharsis.
Sparks begin to fly and they exit.
Sparks begin to fly between the two, and sexuality is at the core of the relationship.
Sparks begin to fly however, when they reunite to write one last song.
Sparks begin to rain from the bubbled plaster on the ceiling.
Sparks Buy greeting cards.
Sparks can blow into leaves or grass and quickly spread.
Sparks can develop from an electrostatic charge just by pumping fuel into the tank.
Sparks can easily get into the ceiling and start a house fire.
Sparks can easily start a house fire.
Sparks can fly in the welding area.
Sparks can identify.
Sparks can ignite other things.
Sparks can ignite scraps, sawdust and solvents.
Sparks can ignite scraps, solvents, etc.
Sparks can ignite very fine sawdust generated in the sawing process.
Sparks can ignite wood scraps, sawdust and solvents.
Sparks can start a forest fire.
Sparks carried by strong winds rain down on the neighborhood.
Sparks cause fire.
Sparks caused by static electricity, clothing and shoes etc are a danger, are an example.
Sparks created by clamping jumper cables to motor vehicle battery terminals can be dangerous.
Sparks curve up then down to the basket ball hoop.
Sparks dash up into the dark and bang themselves into the rock ceiling like mad flies.
Sparks documents the first reported incidence of scab on a pecan cultivar until now thought immune.
Sparks does seem relaxed.
Sparks enjoy a day of entertainment, a fun-filled fair, crafts, and games.
Sparks explains volunteers have been meeting since the wind-up of the actual anniversary.
Sparks fly and all that jazz.
Sparks fly and an unusual and complicated love triangle ensues.
Sparks fly and blades slice, takeoff no longer assured.
Sparks fly and entire blocks lose power.
Sparks fly and rivalry turns violent as they meet in aerial comabt.
Sparks fly and safe sex ensues.
Sparks fly and the improbable pair of allies bond, learning to trust and opening their hearts.
Sparks fly and the lights go out.
Sparks fly and the old flame is rekindled.
Sparks fly and the two are soon captivated with each other.
Sparks fly and the two spend a passionate night together.
Sparks fly and they become a couple.
Sparks fly as a welder works.
Sparks fly as a worker uses a cutting tool to cut a notch in steel support beams.
Sparks fly as blocking, striking and dodging sequences fill the screen.
Sparks fly as confrontation erupts.
Sparks fly as the saw's blade bites into Rhino.
Sparks fly as the shipsmith forges nails, hoops and harpoons.
Sparks fly as the two come head to head in a bidding war for a mysterious statue.
Sparks fly between a video store clerk and a former nun.
Sparks fly between johnny and a student nurse .
Sparks fly between the male cop and the suspicious doc.
Sparks fly during an emotional and humorous battle over life, death and hope.
Sparks fly emotions run astray.
Sparks fly from bridge control panels, and bridge crew are hurled from their seats.
Sparks fly from the electrode towards the surface.
Sparks fly from the pistols and smoke curls toward the ceiling.
Sparks fly in final arguments.
Sparks fly in more ways than one from here on out.
Sparks fly in the world of the black elite when a Newark girl meets an upper-crust Boston boy.
Sparks fly off a grinding wheel.
Sparks fly over origin of altruism.
Sparks fly underfoot from red tethered packages exploding with pure energy.
Sparks fly when metal shoes strike rocks.
Sparks fly when our classical man meets rock chick.
Sparks fly when the powerful address the powerless and express a bit of solidarity or just interest.
Sparks fly when the two meet in a gay bar.
Sparks fly when their bizarro lives and fantasy desires collide.
Sparks fly when they cross the twenty feet or so of bare pavement.
Sparks fly with wit and humor from a great supporting cast.
Sparks fly, and orange and blue flames like a mini-volcano spit at the creation of each joint.
Sparks fly, and the lights go out.
Sparks fly, buildings are demolished, and human characters run like mad.
Sparks fly, but true love is ultimately triumphant.
Sparks fly, even though the two have almost nothing in common.
Sparks fly, however, when the child's father finally returns.
Sparks fly, men die, wenches wail.
Sparks fly, the sheets fall, and a futuristic-looking metal wall is revealed.
Sparks flying out from a fireplace can set fire to floors, carpets, furniture, etc.
Sparks give light as well as heat.
Sparks give way to darkness.
Sparks immediately fly, although neither knows of the heart situation.
Sparks jumping out of a chimney are obviously a threat to the house.
Sparks just wants more money.
Sparks knows it, too.
Sparks lead by six.
Sparks leap across the gap.
Sparks miss a three and commit a foul.
Sparks miss a three pointer.
Sparks miss a three.
Sparks occur because of the recombination of electrons and ions.
Sparks occur between objects at different electric potentials.
Sparks occur when an electric field pulls charges apart.
Sparks shoot from the controls and smoke fills the cabin.
Sparks shoot off into space sparks into shooting stars.
Sparks shoot out from the igniter as the space shuttle prepares to lift off.
Sparks spit and fly like chimney embers, only to fizzle and die in the damp morning dullness.
Sparks start to fly.
Sparks stress the importance of leaving the ball on time - name the song.
Sparks topple down onto the streets.
Sparks troop to the joys of quilting.
Many sparks contribute towards a bright and powerful bonfire.
Some sparks do fly when the two get together, particularly in their early scenes.
Sparkle wine makes from grapes.
A sparkle is a look
A sparkle is vitality
Sparkle isa brightness.
Sparkle works there as the bookkeeper.
Sparkles adorn the tail of the comet.
Sparkles appears to be a great candidate to bond to another rabbit.
Sparkles are expression.
Sparkles are software.
Sparkles are the seeds to growing a beautiful new hairstyle.
Sparkles are vitality.
Sparkles below create a carpet of surprising pain, unlike a common daily rain.
Sparkles flash and dance upon the crests of the drifts that lie lazily against the fences.
Sparkles is a young little white bunny boy.
Sparkles Sparkles Tiny sparkles dot the huge, sapphire sky.
Sparkles works hard to make the condition ratings and descriptions accurate.
More sparkle means more value.
A sparkleberry is a blueberry bush
Sparkleberries features a juicy, delectable collection of vintage berry and fruit jewelry.
A sparkler is a firework
Sparkler burns brightly with various colors.
Sparkler isa diamond.
Sparklers are a major cause of eye injuries in young children.
Sparklers are also very dangerous.
Sparklers are fireworks.
Sparklers are one of the most hazardous types of fireworks.
Sparklers are safe fireworks and can be given to children.
Sparklers are the biggest danger to children.
Sparklers are the second highest cause of fireworks injuries that require hospitalization.
Sparklers are very different from firecrackers.
Sparklers burn and can cause serious eye injurys.
Sparklers burn at such high temperatures that they burn clothing.
Sparklers burn hot enough to melt gold and are a major cause of eye injury to children.
Sparklers can cause injuries Use sparklers outdoors and hold at arm's length.
Sparklers can heat to temperatures that are hot enough to melt gold.
Sparklers collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Sparklers force the beer through many small orifices producing a tight frothy head on the beer.
Sparklers generate heat and sparks.
Sparklers have (part) sections.
Sparklers make good stand in effects for a falling meteor.
Sparklers produce a rain of sparks.
Sparkling streams offer some of the best trout fishing in the nation.
Sparkling water contains carbon dioxide, either present naturally or added to the water.
Sparkling water is drinking water
Sparrings are controversy.
Sparrow eggs are beiged, spotted, and variated.
Sparrow eggs are cream colored with brown specks.
A sparrow hawk is a falcon
Sparrow hawks prey on small birds and insects.
Some sparrow hawks eat birds.
A sparrow is a bird
Sparrow believes drumsticks have universal appeal.
Sparrow isa bird.
Sparrow locates the exact center of English science.
Sparrows actually prefer their seed sprinkled onto the ground.
Sparrows are abundant already, though.
Sparrows are birds.
Sparrows are birds.
Sparrows are extremely social birds that mainly nest in colonies.
Sparrows are extremely vocal birds that chirp all the time.
Sparrows are ground foragers.
Sparrows are here all year round, so there call is an everyday occurence.
Sparrows are loosely monogamous.
Sparrows are mainly brown.
Sparrows are passerines.
Sparrows are present in good numbers in late fall.
Sparrows are public enemy number one in the bird world.
Sparrows are slimmer with longer tails and different markings.
Sparrows are small birds .
Sparrows are small birds who forage for food on the ground.
Sparrows are small birds.
Sparrows are small but successful.
Sparrows are small, easily frightened, and fly away quickly.
Sparrows are the most common victims, but other swamp birds are sometimes found.
Sparrows are thought to be the carriers of the spirits enroute to the afterlife.
Sparrows are usually easy on food and consume almost anything that they can find.
Sparrows are valuable to farmers in destroying weed seeds.
Sparrows are very numerous in Jerusalem.
Sparrows become much more aggressive as their nesting cycle progresses.
Sparrows bicker overhead.
Sparrows build nests in small excavated depressions on the ground.
Sparrows can be beneficial to humans as well, especially by eating insect pests.
Sparrows can use their nest building behavior to successfully evict or prevent martins from nesting.
Sparrows come in all different colors and sizes.
Sparrows do as sparrows do.
Sparrows dominate the winters, and starlings.
Sparrows don t drop candy wrappers.
Sparrows easily repel martins that are investigating new colony sites.
Sparrows eat grain.
Sparrows eat grasshoppers.
Sparrows eat insects.
Sparrows eat millet, cracked corn, and sunflower seeds.
Sparrows eat small bugs because of their small beaks.
Sparrows establish territory.
Sparrows feed on seeds.
Sparrows find warm nesting sites in old buildings.
Sparrows fly overhead as people walk and meet along a little street on a snowy day.
Sparrows has-part wings.
Sparrows have (part) air sacs.
Sparrows have (part) bird's feet.
Sparrows have (part) brains.
Sparrows have (part) breasts.
Sparrows have (part) cell membranes.
Sparrows have (part) cells.
Sparrows have (part) chest cavities.
Sparrows have (part) chests.
Sparrows have (part) corpi.
Sparrows have (part) cytoplasm.
Sparrows have (part) ears.
Sparrows have (part) faces.
Sparrows have (part) flight feathers.
Sparrows have (part) heads.
Sparrows have (part) lips.
Sparrows have (part) mouths.
Sparrows have (part) nuclei.
Sparrows have (part) plasma membranes.
Sparrows have (part) quill feathers.
Sparrows have (part) rib cages.
Sparrows have (part) second joints.
Sparrows have (part) sections.
Sparrows have (part) skulls.
Sparrows have (part) sterna.
Sparrows have (part) talons.
Sparrows have (part) vacuoles.
Sparrows have (part) wishbones.
Sparrows have a very important place in the lives of the people.
Sparrows have bills.
Sparrows have dialects.
Sparrows have feathers.
Sparrows have feet that can easily grasp and hold on to a perch.
Sparrows have large feet that are well-adapted for scratching for seeds, their chief food.
Sparrows have sparrows.
Sparrows huddle in uncommon silence.
Sparrows is a melodrama of Dickensian proportions, created with complete conviction.
Sparrows know when to build nests and raise their young.
Sparrows learn adult song and more from memory.
Sparrows live for several years.
Sparrows live for years.
Sparrows make nests.
Sparrows make their nest in the cliffs.
Sparrows pick the wave of the setting sun.
Sparrows prefer fields.
Sparrows prefer to nest at a higher level.
Sparrows prefer to reside close to permanent human dwellings where they can find bird feeders.
Sparrows require diets.
Sparrows require moderate conditions for proper breeding.
Sparrows sit on fences.
Sparrows spend a lot more time around their nest sites during the day.
Sparrows take flight.
Sparrows typically have more distinctive face patterns.
Sparrows often make their nests near houses or buildings .
Sparrows often make their nests near houses or buildings.
Every sparrow counts.
More sparrows come.
Most sparrows eat grain.
Most sparrows eat grasshoppers.
Most sparrows eat insects.
Most sparrows eat seeds or small insects .
Most sparrows eat seeds or small insects.
Most sparrows establish territory.
Most sparrows feed on seeds.
Most sparrows has-part wings.
Most sparrows have bills.
Most sparrows have sparrows.
Most sparrows live for several years.
Most sparrows live for years.
Most sparrows make nests.
Most sparrows require diets.
Most sparrows sit on fences.
Most sparrows take flight.
Some sparrows are small but they can be a little bigger than other sparrows.
Some sparrows eat grass.
Some sparrows eat rice.
Some sparrows feed on caterpillars.
Some sparrows have time.
Some sparrows live in Canada.
Some sparrows occur in grassland.
Sparse crowds are a sure sign of a team in trouble.
Sparse data means that each entity has only a few of the characteristics that are being measured.
Sparse decoration focuses all attention on the food.
Sparse desert sweeps down to the rugged coast.
Sparse files use quotas equal to their total allocated size.
Sparse foliage provides filtered shade.
Sparse grids are also of increasing interest in numerical simulations.
Sparse growth is made up for by stunning blooms when others are still sleeping.
Sparse hair appears in the tips of the chin and upper jaw, often associated with callosities.
Sparse hairs are scattered over the body, but are especially noticeable around the face and mouth.
Sparse history leads to weak predictive power.
Sparse materials speak of restraint, large amounts hint at abundance and exuberance.
Sparse matrices are matrices that contain a relatively large number of zero entries.
Sparse mode follows.
Sparse mode is streamlined for large viewerships because it consumes the lowest bandwidth overhead.
Sparse mode works in the opposite fashion.
Sparse olivine occurs in some of the flows but is generally less than one percent of the mode.
Sparse population reduces the number reported.
Sparse problems involve matrices with many variables but rather few nonzero entries.
Sparse raindrops fall, laughing as they pretend to cool though every ear rejoices at the sound.
Sparse representation is very useful in image compression.
Sparse trees can act as stress-risers in the snowpack.
Sparse vegetation grows underneath because of the high acidity of the needles.
Sparse vegetation is found in most parts of the Sahara, with the exception of the sand dune regions.
Sparse vegetation supports musk oxen and caribou.
A sparsity is a deficiency
Sparsity is exploited both in derivative computation and storage.
Sparsity means that only a small number of the coecients k di er signi cantly from zero.
Spartan boys are only seven when they begin their military training.
Spartan forwards love the change.
Spartan games are always excellent for business.
Spartan Internet provides site development that is stable, secure, scalable and reliable.
Spartan Internet provides the solution.
Spartan men strove to be the best soldiers.
Spartan personnel operate the spacecraft through early orbit operations and check-out.
Spartan sports start superbly , football and cross country beginnings are reviewed.
Spartan systems appear to have distinct applications for a variety of laboratory science missions.
Most Spartan teams are capable of competing for conference and national honors.
Spartan thunder rolls again in the millennium.
Spartan has NO perennial weed control.
Spartans are on familiar course to the final goal Get the boards, get the glory.
Spartans depth key to win.
Spartans do more things well than anyone.
Spartans Get what they deserve.
Spartans have lots of choices for after-school activities.
Spartans have three remaining meets for the outdoor season.
Spartans know the difference.
Spartans seek first county crown Unfinished business.
Spartans think Wolverines think they are better than everybody else.
Spartans tie Indiana and send game into overtime second night in a row.
Spartans win the face off and clear the puck.
Spartina grass is an important part of the estuarine food web.
Spartina plants possess salt glands to help deal with excess salt.
Spartina seed floats for several weeks and can disperse widely on intertidal tides and currents.
Spartina stalks are thick and are very tough and well anchored by a root system.
A spasm is a symptom
Spasms are common in children with brain or spinal cord injury.
Spasms are constriction.
Spasms are felt in the abdominal area when a person is retching.
Spasms are films.
Spasms are often painful and distressing and can be frightening.
Spasms are symptoms.
Spasms are worse and hot all over.
Spasms can be so strong as to cause bone fractures.
Spasms cause pain.
Spasms increase in frequency and severity.
Spasms often begin with a sudden jerk.
Spasms often happen many times over and over again .
Spasms often happen many times over and over again.
Spasmodic colic is the mildest and most common.
Spasmodic croup causes spasms that occur during the night and early morning.
Spasmodic dysphonia affects the ability of the laryngeal mechanism to function effectively.
Spasmodic dysphonia can affect anyone.
Spasmodic dysphonia can be neurogenic, psychogenic, or idiopathic.
Spasmodic dysphonia causes the voice to break or to have a tight, strained or strangled quality.
Spasmodic dysphonia involves the muscles of the throat that control speech.
Spasmodic dysphonia is a dystonia in which affects only the muscles of the larynx.
Spasmodic dysphonia is a result of abnormal physiology.
Spasmodic dysphonia is a type of neurologic disorder called a dystonia that affects the vocal folds.
Spastic colitis is similar.
Spastic diplegia occurs when the lower limbs are mostly affected, and the arms are mostly spared.
Spastic muscles aggravate exhaustion.
Spastic muscles can be present.
Some spastic patients claim improvement after inhaling cannabis.
A spasticity is irregularity
Spasticities are diseases.
Spasticity also helps to maintain muscle size and bone strength.
Spasticity can be either a mild or severe impairment of motor functions.
Spasticity can lead to diminished motor control and motor function.
Spasticity can make it very difficult to do daily activities such as getting dressed.
Spasticity causes joint contractures which are treated as in cerebral palsy.
Spasticity causes muscles to become stiff and resistant to movement.
Spasticity causes permanent muscle contractions, abnormal muscle tone and pain.
Spasticity develops within days or weeks.
Spasticity has a mixed impact on osteoporosis.
Spasticity helps maintain circulation in the lefts.
Spasticity interferes with all movements.
Spasticity is a condition in which certain muscles are continuously contracted.
Spasticity is a condition that causes stiff, tight muscles, especially in the arms and legs.
Spasticity is a second event.
Spasticity is a very specific form of muscle stiffness.
Spasticity is an abnormality in muscle tone.
Spasticity is another common symptom that is amenable to treatment.
Spasticity is different in each individual affected, and treatment goals depend on the individual.
Spasticity is generally a life-long illness.
Spasticity is often only one of the problems associated with a patient's disease.
Spasticity is often painful.
Spasticity is one of the conditions associated with cerebral palsy.
Spasticity is present from the first day, without any initial phase of flaccidity.
Spasticity is reduced by the rhythmic motion of the horse.
Spasticity is reduced without medication or electrical stimulation.
Spasticity is tightness or stiffness of muscles.
Spasticity means stiffness or tightness of muscles.
Spasticity occurs when there is damage to the central nervous system.
Spasticity varies from mild to severe, and is different for every individual.
Spasticity frequently results in contractures, which is an inability to move a limb.
Spasticity often complicates the gait disorder.
Spasticity often limits movement in children with cerebral palsy.
Spasticity often makes it harder to ambulate or to utilize the extremities in a coordinated fashion.
A spat is a garment
SPat adds pattern matching to single -argument commands.
Spat isa event.
Spats are avaiable if desired.
Spats are leggings.
Spats are youngs.
Spats finish off Napoleonic uniform.
Spats is arrested for bootlegging alcohol.
Spate streams produce relatively little food, so the trout grow slowly.
A spate is flow
Spates casually gets down to business.
Spathe color includes white, pink, salmon, or red.
A spathiphyllum is a flower
Spathiphyllums are clump growing tropical plants with many stems emerging from the soil.
Spathiphyllums are excellent foliage plants even without flowers.
Spathiphyllums are flowers.
Spathiphyllums are plants.
Spathiphyllums are thirsty plants.
Spathiphyllums come in many varieties and sizes.
Spatial abilities are abilities that a person is born with in the task of visualization.
Spatial accuracy is variable.
Spatial acuity is critical to survival.
Spatial agglomeration is good for both rural and urban populations.
Spatial aggregation brings with it a number of specific problems.
Spatial allocation can refer to both the horizontal and vertical allocation.
Spatial analysis improves precision of seed lot comparisons.
Spatial analysis is a new field, particularly in relation to disease data.
Spatial analysis is complicated by the absence of information on non-infected herds.
Spatial analysis permits the identification of catchment areas, customers, and potential conflicts.
Spatial analysis provides a key element for obtaining relevant decision making information.
Some spatial analyses show permafrost areas.
Spatial aptitude is a separate brain function.
A spatial arrangement is a placement
Spatial arrangements relate directly to function.
Spatial aspects are essentially an add-on.
Spatial attention affects brain activity in human primary visual cortex.
Spatial attention improves performance in spatial resolution tasks.
Spatial attention uses different mechanisms when magno or parvo systems are preferentially involved.
Spatial awareness is another important concept in self defense.
Spatial behavior is examined by accumulating data at various scalp locations.
Spatial behaviors require accurate localization of objects around an animal.
Spatial biases are a general problem of radar-rainfall estimates.
Spatial blindness is common in business relationships.
Spatial calibration is accomplished as follows.
Spatial calibration is supported to provide real world area and length measurements.
Spatial calibration permits the measurement of characteristics of the scene from the image.
Spatial cognition is too broad to be accomplished by a single system or set of procedures.
Spatial competence emerges gradually over long time periods in interaction with environmental input.
Spatial competence is central to many disciplines and real-world skills.
Spatial complexity is varied in three different ways.
Spatial compression is applied to a single frame and can be lossless or lossy.
Spatial concentration depresses the rate of formation of new firms relative to dispersed industries.
Spatial concentration is defined by geography or residential patterns.
Spatial Concepts Try the still scenes.
Spatial context enhances spatial memory in older adults.
Spatial contiguity facilitates Pavlovian second-order conditioning.
Spatial convolution forms the basis of the linear filters.
Spatial correlation are distance independent.
Spatial coverage is good over most of the globe, particularly for the United States and Europe.
Spatial coverage is possible using multiple systems.
Spatial coverage provided by the individual networks is provided on attached figures.
Spatial coverage varies for each series.
Spatial cues are important for the induction and differentiation of vulval cell fates.
Spatial curvature causes the paths of light rays to bend.
Spatial data are also available in several formats, either digital or as paper or mylar maps.
Spatial data are the coordinates of the spatial information.
Spatial data can be anything from aerial photographs to data taken at random points in a study area.
Spatial data describes where map features are, whereas attribute data describe what they are.
Spatial data involves very large datasets.
Spatial data is data pertaining to the location and spatial dimensions of geographical entities.
Spatial data is gathered on a variety of subjects and input onto a computer.
Spatial data is hard to use.
Spatial data is modeled in layers, all defined by the same object space and coordinate system.
Spatial data is shareable and reusable.
Spatial data is stored in a digitized computer file.
Spatial data is stored in tables separate from their associated attribute data.
Spatial data is used in a wide variety of economic, social and environmental applications.
Spatial data relate to the location and movements of a player.
Spatial data supplied by federal agencies is made available at the cost of dissemination or less.
Spatial defense can involve several forms.
Spatial deformations are a class of powerful modelling techniques well suited to virtual sculpting.
Spatial densities can vary by a factor of or more through the computational domain.
Some spatial dependency leads to bias.
Spatial differences appear to move back and forth, while intensity differences pulsate.
Spatial dimensions range from global to regional and local.
Spatial discrimination is positive in itself.
Spatial disorientation is aviation's top pilot-killer.
Spatial dispersion is one of the major concepts communicated by dot maps.
Spatial distance is a very important aspect of nonverbal communication.
Spatial domain is .
All spatial domination has an economic dimension.
Spatial effects are apparent in our censuses and undoubtedly exist on a wider scale.
Spatial exploration induces a persistent reversal of long-term potentiation in rat hippocampus.
Spatial fidelity varies depending on the source of individual components within the data.
Spatial filter Imposes a spatial filter on the bitmap.
Spatial filters are expensive.
Spatial filters have two functions.
Spatial formats enhance the recall of self-generated information .
Spatial frequency is the rate at which the brightness of the image changes.
Spatial Functions perform operations on spatial data types and return a spatial data type.
Spatial gestures indicate openness.
Spatial grid is one degree by one degree.
Spatial heterogeneity affects variety trial interpretation.
Spatial heterogeneity explains the scale dependence of the native-exotic diversity relationship.
Spatial inconsistencies exist in the additional data provided by States.
Spatial incursion is measured at the state-level.
Spatial indexing is the method utilized by the software to store and retrieve spatial data.
Spatial information answers the questions who, what, when, and primarily where.
Spatial information has widely different applications.
Spatial information is any data that can be related to a location.
Spatial information is conveyed to the primary visual cortex in retinal coordinates.
Spatial information is encoded by means of magnetic field gradients.
Spatial information is obtained in the orthogonal dimension.
Spatial information is used to assign memberships to voxels which are unclassified.
Spatial integration facilitates human smooth pursuit.
Spatial integration is very good throughout with an incredible transparency.
Spatial layout is critical.
Spatial memory is affected, and there are often motor deficits as well.
Spatial memory is another critical issue.
Spatial memory is thought to reside in the hippocampus.
Spatial metadata communicates the who, what, when, and how of a geospatial dataset.
Spatial metadata is important because it supports easier spatial data access and management.
Spatial metaphors affect comprehension of nonspatial texts.
Spatial metaphors run through the language of networks.
Spatial mobility allows individuals to respond to economic opportunity and helps to manage risks.
Spatial mobility is in fact a characteristic of numerous intelligent agents.
Spatial movement involves going to an adjacent position on the matrix.
Spatial multiplexing can be used, however for each view extra display resolution is required.
Spatial neglect is associated with increased latencies of visual evoked potentials.
Spatial noise stabilizes periodic wave patterns in oscillatory systems on finite domains.
Spatial objects are analogous to entities.
Spatial objects are static.
Spatial order is based on the concept of micro-environments.
Spatial organization contributes to, and constrains, interaction.
Spatial organization is structured by mobility and transhumance.
Spatial organization is very important in Design.
Spatial organization means organizing material around a visual form or model.
Spatial organization presents information according to physical placement.
Spatial orientation is also important to overall physical readiness.
Spatial orientation is difficult with the browser user interface.
Spatial overlap is achieved by a novel pupil division method.
Spatial overlap is used to determine matching.
Some spatial overlap occurs among the first two component patterns.
Spatial patterns are the result of spatial processes.
Spatial perspective is a scale effect.
Spatial phenomena cause effects.
Spatial phenomena cause strange effects.
Spatial practice ensures continuity and some degree of cohesion.
Spatial presences dress again of unusual materials, rare, expensive.
Spatial primitives allow all positions, lengths and dimensions of an object to be defined precisely.
Spatial process estimate for large problems.
Spatial processing is the key that opens up an entirely new set of opportunities.
Spatial processors add a sense of dimension without adding extra speakers.
A spatial property is a property
Spatial properties determine the spatial relationship between the environment and the recording.
Spatial qualities Includes mass, volume and space.
Spatial qualities is mass, volume, and space.
Many spatial queries require operators based on computational geometry.
Spatial recall helps a person find something by providing the general location.
Spatial region filtering for images and tables is accomplished by means of region specifications .
Spatial regulation localizes expression to gut and muscle cell lineages.
A spatial relation is a relation
Spatial relations is the ability to recognize the relationships between objects.
Spatial relations play an important role in the research area of connecting visual and verbal space.
Spatial relationships are central to that understanding.
Spatial relationships become clear in an instant in the overview.
Spatial relationships become confused.
Spatial relationships exist between selected significant points and arcs only.
Spatial representations can be either two or three dimensional, and pictorial or symbolic.
Spatial resolution depends on the width of the probe beam.
Spatial resolution improves in direct proportion to bandwidth, as well as frequency.
Spatial resolution is a function of tip size.
Spatial resolution is defined by the size of the imaging voxels.
Spatial resolution is determined by the rate at which the scanner samples the image.
Spatial resolution is improved through solution-adaptive mesh refinement.
Spatial resolution is improved with the help of intensity resolution.
Spatial resolution is on the characteristic length scale of the phenomena.
Spatial resolution is the ability to distinguish between adjacent structures.
Spatial resolution is the amount of surface detail a system can detect.
Spatial resolution is the smallest area which can receive a distinct and desired application rate.
Spatial resolution is the visualization of a physical entity, such as a tumor.
Spatial resources apply.
Spatial restraints resolve the ambiguity arising from interpretations of mutagenesis data.
Spatial scales vary from continental to forest stand scale.
Spatial scientists have an interest in the nature of distributions and processes in time and space.
Spatial sense is an intuitive feel for one's surroundings.
Spatial sense is an intuitive feel for shape and space.
Spatial sense is needed to interpret, understand, and appreciate our geometric world.
Spatial sense used in reading and creating maps is important in geometry.
Spatial sensors work in one, two, or three dimensions.
Spatial signals give information about position.
Spatial skill is needed for comprehending maps, geologic structures, and the layout of sites.
Spatial sound is the presentation of audio channels with positional attributes.
Spatial statistics concentrates on spatial autocorrelation, point pattern analysis, and kriging.
Spatial statistics is a generalization of classical statistics.
Spatial statistics is important in aspects of production ecology.
Many spatial statistics are special cases of a flexible mathematical form called the Gamma product.
Spatial structure can also matter in predator-prey interactions.
Spatial structure consists of parcel boundaries, ground use boundaries and class boundaries.
Spatial structure matters b.
Spatial summation allows a cell to fire if two inputs are active at the very same time.
Spatial summation involves the conversion of several weak signals into a large one.
Spatial techniques considered include pattern shaping, null steering and beam forming.
Spatial technology is the future of personal communications.
Spatial tension is created by the unexpected use of columns and the right-angle juxtapositions.
Spatial territories take on increased significance for social life.
Spatial things are more natural, and the thing that is most natural is non-symbolic whatsoever.
Some spatial trend analyses show areas.
Some spatial trend analyses show permafrost areas.
Spatial unity becomes impossible under a regime of extreme cost-consciousness.
Spatial variability is high, with large gradients surrounding the maxima.
Spatial variability refers to the range of the resource across a given region.
Spatial variation is introduced into the model in two ways.
Spatial variation means that things differ from place to place.
All spatial weights are currently binary weights for all program modules.
Spatialized audio can also be highly effective as a cue to mobile users.
Spatiotemporal prediction modulates the perception of self-produced stimuli.
Spatter cones are formed if gases and lava sputter out of a crack in the side of a cone.
Spatter cones are steep sided, conical hills built from the spatter of lava fountains.
Most spatter cones are much smaller than cinder cones.
A spatter is noise
Spatter commonly builds up as banks along the fissure sides to produce spatter ramparts .
Spatter cone A pile of tephra in a small, conic shape which surrounds a volcanic vent.
Spatter covers the ground adjacent to the fissure.
Spatter is a terrible mess.
Spatter is exactly how it sounds, when the lava splats onto the ground still in it's liquid form.
Spatter is globs of lava thrown through the air.
Spatter is just what it sounds like.
Spatter is minimized.
Spatter Ramparts it forms, molten spatter to stick together allows the spatter cones to be steep.
Spatters are noise.
Spatters are paintings.
Spattered blood runs over the floor.
Spattering is a method of applying small flecks of color to ware, usually with a bristle brush.
Spattering is the usual application manner.
Spattering leaves random dots that help in gradations and shading.
Spatula City is another of the classic weird web pages.
A spatula is a cooking utensil
Spatula isa utensil.
Spatulas are completely hand carved.
Spatulas are one of the most valuable tools for the decorator.
Spatulas have (part) handles.
Spatulas have (part) knife edges.
Spatulas have (part) sections.
Spawn crabs respond to lunar phases.
Spawn crabs respond to phases.
Spawn horseshoe crabs respond to lunar phases.
Spawn horseshoe crabs respond to phases.
Spawn points are many and varied.
Spawn salmon have teeth.
Spawn bites it.
Spawn chooses to de-emphasize the fantastic elements of the story, which does it a great disservice.
Spawn comes as a self-extracting executable.
Spawn continues to be the best bait.
Spawn has (part) cell membranes.
Spawn has (part) chromatin.
Spawn has (part) chromosomes.
Spawn has (part) corpi.
Spawn has (part) cytoplasm.
Spawn has (part) cytoskeletons.
Spawn has (part) lobes.
Spawn has (part) nuclei.
Spawn has (part) plasma membranes.
Spawn has (part) sections.
Spawn has (part) vacuoles.
Spawn has (part) yolks.
Spawn is an egg
Spawn is eggs.
Spawn isa egg.
Spawn occurs here over a relatively long period.
Spawn opens fire.
Spawns popup windows.
Spawned windows present a number of accessibility issues.
Spawner kings are available in our waters three months a year.
A spawner is fish
Spawners are fish.
Spawners are obtained mostly from natural waters.
Spawners come to perpetuate their species.
Spawners guard the nest to protect it from intruders.
Spawners have firm red flesh.
Spawning beds are generally near protective structure.
Spawning biomass is an estimate of fish population based on a sample of fish eggs and plankton eggs.
Spawning ground accepts submissions from all over the world and features humorous creative writing.
Spawning grounds vary from gravelly sand to soft mud in reeds.
Some spawning grounds are currently mere remnants of their original extent.
Spaying females eliminates the risk of developing mammary tumors, as well as uterine cancer.
Spaying females prevents mammary cancer, uterine infection and accidental pregnancies.
Many spe- cies are cultivated in conservatories, and numerous forms have resulted.
Some spe- cies band together by thousands.
Spe labor levis.
Speaks  talk.
Speaks are communicates.
A speakeasy is a bar
Speakeasies open around the country.
Speakeasies replace saloons as the center of social activity.
Speaker biographies are available on the biographies page .
Speaker biographies are available, and many have provided their presentations or other materials.
Speaker cabinets come in various sizes, shapes and textures.
Speaker cables are fairly heavy gauge unshielded cables.
Speaker cables connect the amp to the speaker.
Most speaker cable has a way to identify one wire from the other.
Speaker changes are points in the conversation when some other party to the conversation does speak.
Speaker circuits are power limited.
Speaker enclosures are irrelevant.
Speaker identification helps identify persons or objects by their voice fingerprints.
Speaker identification is recognition
Speaker identification is recognition.
Speaker identification is used to tell who's talking without their having to identify themselves.
Speaker identification matches an unknown speaker to an individual in a group of known speakers.
Speaker mounts are a universal design to accommodate any size tower tubing.
Speaker placement is crucial for maximum sound.
Speaker placement is more critical because mid-range sound is more directional.
Speaker recognition involves two applications, speaker identification and speaker verification.
Speaker recognition is similarly acute.
Speaker ribbons are available, as well as booths for rehearsal and slide review.
A speaker system is a transducer
Speaker system experiences radio frequency interference or picks up a radio station.
Most speaker systems follow close to that range.
Speaker terminals are fairly standard posts with plastic nuts.
Speaker verification determines whether two voices are the same.
Speaker verification is an efficient and powerful biometrical method for identifying a person.
Speaker verification is used in combination with a password for user protection.
Speaker verification is very efficient and flexible.
Speaker wire is electrical wire.
Speaker wires are much tougher to conceal because speakers are often out in the open.
Speaker wires hide inside stands tubing.
Speaker wiring is fairly simple, but audio component wiring can get complicated.
A speaker is a communicator
Speaker addresses classes on freedom of information - click here .
Speaker answers questions of guests.
Speaker binding posts are lightweight.
Speaker cables themselves can be a considerable expense.
Speaker challenges ideas of Asian Values.
Speaker deals with passions of audience rather than with salient issues.
Speaker demonstrates good understanding of concepts and theories.
Speaker follows dinner.
Speaker isa individual.
Speaker isa person.
Speaker isa somebody.
Speaker isa someone.
Speaker leads .
Speaker purchases airline tickets, schedules own travel and pays all misc.
Speaker sparks audience attention with a decisive start.
Speaker stands can be expensive however.
Speaker stands, is recognized, and makes a motion.
Speaker stands, microphones and other accessories are also available.
Speakers abstracts outlining their proposed talks can be found on our abstracts page.
Speakers add to the noise level of an already active room.
Speakers address a diverse range of issues that are of interest to all students of the war.
Speakers address a wide range of topics selected by club members.
Speakers address asthma and allergy topics that are designed to meet various needs and interests.
Speakers address case studies and specific challenges faced by attendees.
Speakers address changes in the legislative, executive, and judicial branches of the government.
Speakers address current issues of teaching and learning.
Speakers address every aspect of the Holocaust from a personal perspective as a survivor.
Speakers address such topics as child custody and support, child abuse prosecution and adoption.
Speakers address the importance of high performance standards, teamwork, and faithful attendance.
Speakers address topics of vital public concern and present their position.
Speakers address topics such as money management, social security benefits, and legal matters.
Speakers Admit it.
Speakers also come in a variety of sizes, finishes, and price points.
Speakers also come in from industry and make presentations to the group about current topics.
Speakers also focus on other aspects of competition including nutrition, relaxation, and discipline.
Speakers also go to women's colleges.
Speakers also present talks on their area of expertise.
Speakers also provide positive role models and good networking opportunities for career purposes.
Speakers also take part in election campaigns.
Speakers answer questions during and after their talks.
Speakers appear all over the country teaching pension and estate maximization.
Speakers are a good source of unwanted magnetic fields.
Speakers are a plus.
Speakers are actual on duty agents.
Speakers are actually in the information business.
Speakers are adjustable, and have five function modes.
Speakers are all expert in their field with a wealth of hands on experience.
Speakers are all gifted and outstanding.
Speakers are all prominent experienced individuals.
Speakers are almost always free and publicity supplies are provided by the department.
Speakers are almost always the weakest link.
Speakers are also available for on-site programs.
Speakers are also available for programs at other sites.
Speakers are also available for radio and television appearances.
Speakers are also available for short presentations.
Speakers are also available for sport associations' symposia, training camps and coaching clinics.
Speakers are also available to speak to community groups and employee groups about the project.
Speakers are also available to talk to employee groups.
Speakers are also available to visit clubs and services groups.
Speakers are also necessary.
Speakers are always nice.
Speakers are amazing pieces of technology that have had a profound impact on our culture.
Speakers are an important part of our meetings.
Speakers are an issue with performance on the Live.
Speakers are at meetings on their own time and deserve respect.
Speakers are available as their schedules permit.
Speakers are available at any time for presentations, seminars, and forums.
Speakers are available at no charge.
Speakers are available at no cost.
Speakers are available at various times throughout the day and evening.
Speakers are available days and evenings according to individual schedules.
Speakers are available days or evenings throughout the Houston metropolitan area.
Speakers are available for a fee.
Speakers are available for a variety of topics.
Speakers are available for any group.
Speakers are available for church or civic groups, to speak to individuals, etc.
Speakers are available for civic clubs, churches, schools and other groups.
Speakers are available for classes, clubs, banquets, etc.
Speakers are available for classroom presentations or for meetings held within Lancaster County.
Speakers are available for clubs and associations.
Speakers are available for clubs, classes or informal gatherings.
Speakers are available for community education.
Speakers are available for community groups and for professional training.
Speakers are available for community groups or organizations.
Speakers are available for community presentations.
Speakers are available for educational presentations.
Speakers are available for evenings, weekdays and weekends.
Speakers are available for hallwide or complexwide events.
Speakers are available for health fairs and classroom presentations.
Speakers are available for interested organizations.
Speakers are available for large sessions.
Speakers are available for luncheon or dinner meetings.
Speakers are available for meetings, seminars, and conventions.
Speakers are available for off-site presentations.
Speakers are available for organizational meetings.
Speakers are available for organizations.
Speakers are available for presentations throughout Idaho.
Speakers are available for presentations to school, health care, parent, and other community groups.
Speakers are available for support groups or for other groups and functions.
Speakers are available for very reasonable fees.
Speakers are available from the office in Cleveland for the entire state.
Speakers are available in black or white.
Speakers are available in many price ranges.
Speakers are available on a sliding scale, plus travel costs.
Speakers are available on a variety of subjects and to fill the pulpit.
Speakers are available on a variety of topics of current and general interest.
Speakers are available on a wide range of business communication topics.
Speakers are available on all specialties in dentistry.
Speakers are available on ecological city planning, design, and activism.
Speakers are available on request.
Speakers are available on the following topics.
Speakers are available pro bono for meetings, workshops, seminars and lectures.
Speakers are available throughout the year.
Speakers are available to any group or organization.
Speakers are available to come out to classrooms and speak on safety related subjects.
Speakers are available to come to our congregations.
Speakers are available to discuss a variety of topics relating to spina bifida.
Speakers are available to discuss the adoption process with clubs and organizations.
Speakers are available to groups for presentations.
Speakers are available to interested groups to discuss managed care issues.
Speakers are available to provide answers to common questions and tips for relief.
Speakers are available to schools or career days.
Speakers are available to schools, churches, and civic groups in the Dayton area.
Speakers are available to show videos and lead discussions.
Speakers are available to speak about the comprehensive plan.
Speakers are available to speak across all eight-career clusters.
Speakers are available to speak on all issues affecting the LGBT community.
Speakers are available to speak on the following topics.
Speakers are available to talk about farm animal welfare topics and current concerns.
Speakers are available to talk at club meetings about the program.
Speakers are available to talk to groups about the dynamics of stepfamily life.
Speakers are available to talk with groups.
Speakers are available to visit groups, service clubs, and senior centers upon request.
Speakers are available to youth and adult groups.
Speakers are available upon request on a variety of topics related to the criminal justice system.
Speakers are available, free of charge, to small and large groups.
Speakers are available.
Speakers are aware that groups are interactive.
Speakers are bilingual in Azerbaijani.
Speakers are bilingual in Greek, which is used for education and religion.
Speakers are bilingual in Hebrew, and some are multilingual.
Speakers are bilingual in Russian.
Speakers are bilingual in Spanish.
Speakers are bilingual in Tajiki, which is used as literary language.
Speakers are biwireable.
Speakers are by invitation only.
Speakers are chairpersons.
Speakers are chamber members representing a broad cross section of industries.
Speakers are components that receive the boosted signal from the amplifiers and convert it to sound.
Speakers are cross-referenced by topic.
Speakers are curators, collectors, and authors selected for their firsthand knowledge of artifacts.
Speakers are currently being confirmed so please check back regularly for updates.
Speakers are either steering committee members , senior students , or other faculty members.
Speakers are engaged to present programs at monthly meetings on current human resource topics.
Speakers are executives from the business community, who have a related international experience.
Speakers are exempt from the fee.
Speakers are experts from government, media, research centers and the private sector.
Speakers are experts from research centers, government, business and the media.
Speakers are experts in the topic being discussed.
Speakers are experts in their field and have achieved national or international recognition.
Speakers are experts in their fields.
Speakers are extra.
Speakers are fairly monolingual.
Speakers are free to choose what they say so long as it promotes good sportsmanship.
Speakers are frequently able to meet with interested students and faculty.
Speakers are from around the east and midwest.
Speakers are from both academia and industry.
Speakers are from faculty, students, and outside.
Speakers are from leading Internet technologists specializing in international trade.
Speakers are from mainly commercially-based organisations reflecting the nature of the conference.
Speakers are from the entire Alaska community, public and private.
Speakers are fully functional, with built-in amplifier.
Speakers are generally able to meet individually with interested students and faculty.
Speakers are generally research students and staff members from within the school.
Speakers are generally willing to travel throughout the state of Maine for speaking engagements.
Speakers are high school and college coaches with back ground in option football.
Speakers are however something apart.
Speakers are in bold.
Speakers are in great condition and well looked after.
Speakers are individuals who have achieved success in Japan.
Speakers are internal to the projector, and audio control also is available on the touch panel.
Speakers are international experts on their fields.
Speakers are just as important as the soundcard in order to get that true crisp sound.
Speakers are laughable and very silly looking.
Speakers are leading executives.
Speakers are limited to five minutes.
Speakers are limited to three minutes.
Speakers are limited to two minutes.
Speakers are local experts on their subjects, many from our congregation.
Speakers are located in concerts.
Speakers are located in conferences.
Speakers are located in demonstrations.
Speakers are located in desks.
Speakers are located in desktops.
Speakers are located in headphones.
Speakers are located in shelfs.
Speakers are made by placing a one layer coil of wire, wound onto a tube, into a magnetic field.
Speakers are mainly local executives who have dealt with such problems.
Speakers are mainly local graduate students and postdocs.
Speakers are members of staff and invited researchers from Norway and abroad.
Speakers are members or guests who are knowledgable about their collecting interest.
Speakers are more important than a mixing board.
Speakers are nationally and internationally distinguished writers.
Speakers are nationally and internationally recognized authorities industry short course experience.
Speakers are normally available only on weekdays.
Speakers are of all ages.
Speakers are of course no problem.
Speakers are often unaware of their own movements when they are speaking.
Speakers are one of the most important parts of any sound system.
Speakers are optional.
Speakers are outstanding leaders in their fields who impact decisions made in the community.
Speakers are part of stereos.
Speakers are physicians involved in the treatment of lupus.
Speakers are positive role models who introduce students to various health and science careers.
Speakers are present peiodically, and some months are more informal.
Speakers are primarily urban, in business.
Speakers are probably less than ideal for a library setting.
Speakers are products.
Speakers are professional genealogists, historians, librarians, etc.
Speakers are professionals in the wildlife and natural resource management.
Speakers are professors and foreign policy experts from across the country.
Speakers are prominent scholars, businessmen and journalists in UK and Europe.
Speakers are receptive to participant's needs and learning interests.
Speakers are responsible for arranging for their own hotel accommodations.
Speakers are responsible for arranging their own hotel accommodations.
Speakers are responsible for their own travel and accommodation.
Speakers are responsible for their own travel expenses.
Speakers are responsibly for bringing their own laptop.
Speakers are rockin' Units moulded in shape of rocks.
Speakers are scientists active in diverse biological and medical fields.
Speakers are seasoned air crew who relate their experiences with a specific aircraft.
Speakers are senior practitioners in the investment profession.
Speakers are separate.
Speakers are somewhat different.
Speakers are speaker names.
Speakers are subject to all laws and regulations regarding the maintenance of peace and order.
Speakers are subject to availability.
Speakers are subject to cancelation.
Speakers are subject to change without notice.
Speakers are subject to change.
Speakers are the most important components of an association meeting.
Speakers are to be available with their posters during the times indicated in white.
Speakers are to be determined.
Speakers are to be three top academic administrators.
Speakers are to limit their remarks to three minutes each.
Speakers are to the rear, serving the audience directly.
Speakers are transducers.
Speakers are two young educated persons from North Central Germany.
Speakers are typically successful former students who are now leaders in their fields.
Speakers are unable to handle even the most basic survival situations.
Speakers are usually experts in their field, but all members are welcome to give talks.
Speakers are usually from outside the department.
Speakers are usually grateful to learn that their efforts made a difference.
Speakers are usually happy to attend extra events if given sufficient notice.
Speakers are usually professional genealogists, historians, librarians, etc.
Speakers are very approachable and visible.
Speakers are very realistic, made from lightweight plastic.
Speakers are welcome to attend the conference on the day of their presentation as our guest.
Speakers are welcome to meet any of the organizers before the start of the lecture.
Speakers are well aware that humor gets the attention of a group.
Speakers are well-known experts from the United States and abroad.
Speakers are yet to be confirmed.
Speakers are, in some ways, more critical than the sound card.
Speakers begin to beam as the wavelength approaches the diaphragm size.
Speakers benefit from contact with peers, media representatives, potential employers, etc.
Speakers blare Christian rock between services.
Speakers blare out the latest flight information.
Speakers blast an explosion as a few dim, red lights come on, barely illuminating the entrance way.
Speakers blast vintage recordings by long-defunct East German rock bands.
Speakers bring their passion and knowledge of hospice care and our philosophy to every engagement.
Speakers build self-confidence from the nice things classmates have written.
Speakers built-into the monitor are great for reducing desk clutter.
Speakers call for recognition of rights of States to self-defence.
Speakers call on the agency to rescind the increase approved last month.
Speakers can address a single classroom or a large, school-wide assembly.
Speakers can address both professional and consumer audiences.
Speakers can also act as motivators and inspire our students to further successes.
Speakers can also conduct real-time audience polls.
Speakers can also debate with spectators.
Speakers can be wonderful resources.
Speakers can claim the early booking rate but are advised to book as soon as possible.
Speakers can come from either the applied world or other academic institutions.
Speakers can compensate for the duration effects by increasing movement velocities.
Speakers can contribute valuable technical information on amputation.
Speakers can find speaking events here.
Speakers can include all the latest eye-catching multimedia effects in their presentations.
Speakers can make speeches with one hand on a cell phone and the other on the helm of their boat.
Speakers can present a written version of their talks for publication in the proceedings.
Speakers can provide presentations on a variety of topics.
Speakers can quickly find themselves booked two or three years in advance.
Speakers can quickly show what they mean without a lot of props or other cumbersome maneuvers.
Speakers can range from company representatives, alums, professors, and administrators.
Speakers can stand to one side, or make use of the conference tables in the centre of the front row.
Speakers can strive for variation in emphasis, movement, volume, energy level, material, etc.
Speakers can use more than words to convey meaning.
Speakers can visualize themselves performing successful speeches.
Speakers capture their sounds and fill the room with their harmonies.
Speakers Check the speakers to make sure they are on and turned up.
Speakers come appropriately dressed and equipped for life in an earlier time.
Speakers come free of charge to community groups.
Speakers come free of charge, unless otherwise noted.
Speakers come from a variety of disciplines.
Speakers come from all over the United States, Europe, Australia, and Asia.
Speakers come from all walks of life and have different perspectives to offer.
Speakers come from around the country and the world.
Speakers come from as far away as England, Italy and Germany to take part in the conference.
Speakers come from both academia and industry, as well as graduate students.
Speakers come from the Christian community at large as well as from the campus community.
Speakers come from the U.S. government, Arab governments, and private-sector leaders.
Speakers come from the United States and around the world.
Speakers come from throughout the library community.
Speakers come from universities, industry, and government.
Speakers come from within the university and throughout the Boulder community.
Speakers come in all shapes and sizes . . . and fee ranges.
Speakers come in for scheduled luncheons to talk about health and finances.
Speakers come in from the big cities to talk of their books.
Speakers come in throughout the year to talk about the dangers of drinking.
Speakers come in to speak about their professions and interesting psychology findings.
Speakers come to campus and field trips are organized to hear speakers at other schools.
Speakers come to know through the process of argumentation.
Speakers come to our conferences expecting to be treated to some critical and probing questions.
Speakers come to understand that their own viewpoints are valid and important.
Speakers come with various ohms ratings.
Speakers command bots to construct and reconfigure their breakout sessions.
Speakers compare thin-client server technologies and their administration.
Speakers consider English as their standard language, but identify with the creole.
Speakers consist of a team of the country's leading osteoporosis experts.
Speakers consistently recognize and interpret physically different sounds as the same sound.
Speakers contain amplifiers which vibrate to produce the sound .
Speakers contain amplifiers which vibrate to produce the sound.
Speakers contains a list of speakers for speaking engagements.
Speakers convert electrical energy into sound waves.
Speakers convert electromagnetic energy.
Speakers convert energy.
Speakers convert mechanical energy.
Speakers cover a variety of topics from a conservative viewpoint.
Speakers cover a variety of topics.
Speakers creates overlapping interference patterns which creates dead spots.
Speakers deal with social, psychological, financial, and estate aspects of retirement.
Speakers deal with topics of special interest to people working in the government.
Speakers define, explain and demonstrate the latest instructional technologies.
Speakers deliver a formal lecture, teach classes and meet with students informally in small groups.
Speakers deliver a public address and meet with students and faculty on an informal basis.
Speakers deliver brief messages before the lanterns are released.
Speakers deliver prepared speeches on a variety of topics for cash prizes and awards.
Speakers deliver their presentations and then entertain questions from a worldwide audience.
Speakers demonstrate how to make toys from trash.
Speakers describe their everyday lifestyles and various real life situations and solutions.
Speakers designed for low frequencies are called woofers.
Speakers develop an American pronunciation pattern so that greater clarity is achieved.
Speakers differ on their preferences for distributing handouts before or after a presentation.
Speakers discuss a variety of issues of interest to the community .
Speakers discuss career opportunities in physical and occupational therapy.
Speakers discuss current issues affecting business.
Speakers discuss current research topics in condensed matter physics.
Speakers discuss current work from the literature or their own work.
Speakers discuss disease management and coping.
Speakers discuss everything from the game Dungeons and Dragons to human sacrifice.
Speakers discuss evolving needs and directions from government, industry, and academic perspectives.
Speakers discuss issues important to people who care for stroke survivors.
Speakers discuss medical treatment, fitness, health education, or inspirational leadership.
Speakers discuss opportunities to become involved in government at the local level.
Speakers discuss pertinent information on small business success.
Speakers discuss prison labor, racial profiling, excess force by police and political prisoners.
Speakers discuss recent code-related activities in Massachusetts and California.
Speakers discuss such topics as nutrition, nurturing and childrens health.
Speakers discuss the impact of new media capabilities on the business of sport.
Speakers discuss their careers and the preparation needed to perform their jobs.
Speakers discuss topics of local historical interest and refreshments are provided.
Speakers discuss victim, self-defense and other related topics.
Speakers do expect remuneration.
Speakers draw on faculty, former political prisoners and advocates.
Speakers Enter the names of the speakers.
Speakers expound on federal, state, and private programs available to undertake restoration efforts.
Speakers feature pole mounts and handles.
Speakers field questions during and after each session.
Speakers find examples.
Speakers find themselves fielding challenging questions.
Speakers fit into wooden case approx.
Speakers follow a lecture and discussion format about relationships and the Bible.
Speakers fund their own travel and labor to develop and deliver the course abroad.
Speakers generally are limited to three minutes.
Speakers generally come from within the department.
Speakers generally focus on describing the promotional idea itself.
Speakers Get a well-known professor or an outside speaker to give a talk.
Speakers get lazy.
Speakers get ribbons.
Speakers get to keep the bulk of what participants pay.
Speakers give a formal address and attend informal seminars, receptions, and dinners with members.
Speakers give explanations.
Speakers give of their time freely, and they are entitled to respect.
Speakers give supplementary information in seven languages.
Speakers give talks and show videos all over the country.
Speakers go over the time so there is much interest.
Speakers Gotta love clean sound.
Speakers have (part) arms.
Speakers have (part) body substances.
Speakers have (part) cell membranes.
Speakers have (part) cells.
Speakers have (part) corpi.
Speakers have (part) cytoplasm.
Speakers have (part) heads.
Speakers have (part) human bodies.
Speakers have (part) legs.
Speakers have (part) material bodies.
Speakers have (part) necks.
Speakers have (part) nuclei.
Speakers have (part) personality.
Speakers have (part) plasma membranes.
Speakers have (part) sections.
Speakers have (part) vacuoles.
Speakers have conditions.
Speakers have excellent presentation.
Speakers have grandpas.
Speakers have magnets.
Speakers have no nervous gestures, are appropriately dressed and have excellent posture.
Speakers have positive language attitudes.
Speakers have presentation.
Speakers have reservations about use of their language except within their culture.
Speakers have the right to a respectful audience and to an evaluation of their presentation.
Speakers have the right to request evaluation of their presentation.
Speakers have their own sensitivities as to the recording of their intellectual property.
Speakers have three minutes each.
Speakers have to be picked out.
Speakers have to be well- prepared, interesting, and entertaining.
Speakers have to pay the conference registration fee.
Speakers have to sweat.
Speakers help build career awareness and motivation to apply learning to real life situations.
Speakers here have the task of presenting religion freely, fearlessly, and faithfully.
Speakers hold to a certain standard of diplomacy.
Speakers hope to accomplish general and specific purposes when they communicate.
Speakers host sessions on their area of expertise.
Speakers includes funders, communications experts, community leaders and other luminaries.
Speakers indude distinguished national and international academics.
Speakers introduce each film and lead brief discussions afterward.
Speakers issue pages.
Speakers know that the Exposition is the place for commercialism.
Speakers know they have to prepare and execute well.
Speakers know what sentences of their language mean.
Speakers Learn some background info about our speakers.
Speakers leave positions.
Speakers line the hangar's walls.
Speakers line up on the top row here.
Speakers list, costs, and testimonials from alumni.
Speakers look for certain cues that acknowledge the message is being received.
Speakers make all the difference in the world.
Speakers make campus visits and lecture about current events or social issues.
Speakers make changes in their language as they negotiate.
Speakers make eye contact with everyone and have no nervous habits.
Speakers make presentations on topics such as race, feminism and youth participation in politics.
Speakers make remarks, but there is often little connection to the remarks of other speakers.
Speakers make the most difference.
Speakers make their own fee schedule arrangements.
Speakers meet with students as a group to discuss science in an intimate and interactive setting.
Speakers meet with students in their classes and hold discussions on a variety of topics.
Speakers never talk about the importance of preaching and teaching loudly enough.
Speakers offer a variety of topics to select from that best meet the needs of the organization.
Speakers only volunteer when they have something to sell.
Speakers ordered here are subject to the following conditions.
Speakers participate on a voluntary basis.
Speakers pay the registration fee at the member rate.
Speakers perish by disease.
Speakers pipe the sound, and it is soundproof to eliminate that intrusion.
Speakers plan the speeches using written planning guides.
Speakers play a recording of thunder, adding to the realism.
Speakers play music.
Speakers post their papers and any other pertinent data on a bulletin board.
Speakers powered by the sound card are incapable of producing rich and dynamic audio.
Speakers pray for inspiration and prepare according to promptings they receive.
Speakers present an overview of the topics with substantial time for questions and discussion.
Speakers present customized, dynamic, multi-faceted programs free of charge.
Speakers present discussions about life experiences, careers, politics and race relations.
Speakers present ideas and plans and thoughts for the future.
Speakers present informative talks on family history and resources.
Speakers present special programs during meals which translates into time well spent.
Speakers present their ideas and facilitate group discussion.
Speakers present topical issues designed to challenge and stimulate discussion among participants.
Speakers present two methodologies for quantifying commissioning benefits.
Speakers provide a brief description of topics, qualifications, and requirements.
Speakers provide an atmospheric soundscape.
Speakers provide different positions.
Speakers provide historical context, and highlight unique features of a composer's work.
Speakers provide important information for practice.
Speakers provide information about quality programs and related topics.
Speakers provide information covering a wide range of topics.
Speakers provide information in topics of interest.
Speakers provide information on career opportunities in science and technology.
Speakers provide the latest information related to their mission.
Speakers provide up to date information about the corporate world and Pacific Rim countries.
Speakers range about the same quality range.
Speakers range from community residents to government specialists.
Speakers range from lawyers to brain experts.
Speakers read poems, told stories and endorsed upcoming events and initiatives.
Speakers Read the speaker's biographies and find contaction information.
Speakers receive an honorarium plus expenses.
Speakers receive double CLE credit.
Speakers receive feedback after finishing their speeches.
Speakers receive honoraria plus expenses.
Speakers receive space priorty.
Speakers receive two festival tickets and a VIP parking pass .
Speakers reduce the rigor of their claims with qualifiers .
Speakers reflect the wide variety of spiritual beliefs held among our uniformed members.
Speakers report on what is happening locally with a view of the national scene.
Speakers represent a diversity of perspectives and opinions.
Speakers represent a variety of experiences, industries, and geographical regions.
Speakers represent a wide range of careers and points of view.
Speakers represent a wide variety of experiences, industries, and geographical regions.
Speakers represent local, state and national levels of politics.
Speakers require audiences and some mode of student speaking takes place everyday.
Speakers ring the room.
Speakers routinely bemoan the lack of a national consensus about security and social issues.
Speakers run the gamut, from heads of PR agencies, to headhunters, to heads of in-house departments.
Speakers say short messages throughout the night.
Speakers seem to be shifting to Tahitian.
Speakers seem to have been there, done that regarding their topics.
Speakers select from their memories the words they wish to say.
Speakers select their code from a variety of socially marked models.
Speakers sell books in the back of the room at events.
Speakers share for half and hour and then take questions from the audience.
Speakers share their experience, strength, and hope with the group.
Speakers share their professional experience.
Speakers sign up to address any topic.
Speakers signal the imperative mood by using a base form of the verb in clause-initial position.
Speakers sit around the table arranged in square with four monitors in the center.
Speakers sit inside and respond in privacy to question prompts.
Speakers sound different off axis.
Speakers sound great.
Speakers speak the speech of the dead, like supernatural Vocoders . . .
Speakers specialize in exempt organizations.
Speakers stands, equipment racks, and video stands.
Speakers stress the accomplishments of the organization.
Speakers submit abstracts and are chosen to speak based upon their topic and their speaking ability.
Speakers take a Scripture text and then go on to ignore that text for the balance of their message.
Speakers take digital input.
Speakers take input.
Speakers take turns frequently, often after only a few sentences have been spoken.
Speakers talk about career and family issues.
Speakers talk about how they got started in health services research and the challenges they faced.
Speakers talk about their background, how funny they are first, etc.
Speakers talk about their lives, struggles, insights, and experiences in the world of work.
Speakers talk about topics that are important to Hamilton County s communities.
Speakers talk about topics that are important to Hamilton County's communities.
Speakers talk about various university-related topics.
Speakers talk and help attendees cope with their situations and nurture their faith.
Speakers talk candidly about what it really means to be a teen parent.
Speakers talk on any topic they like.
Speakers talk on issues of public concern, followed by discussion.
Speakers talk on various subjects and history periods of the African experience.
Speakers tell of the war, the monuments, the individuals buried beneath the modest tombstones.
Speakers tell their inspirational story.
Speakers tend to be internationally known scientists and explorers.
Speakers tend to feel isolated and slowly slip into monologue drone.
Speakers thar are provocative, controversial and always entertaining.
Speakers travel within a limited area.
Speakers Turn the speakers on and off.
Speakers typically find the experience both exhausting and rewarding.
Speakers ultimately pay when they skip steps in the speech building process.
Speakers understand that attendees have appointments to keep.
Speakers Use best efforts to provide accurate information about the speaker to the client.
Speakers use ceramic magnets.
Speakers use French as second language.
Speakers use Hebrew as second language.
Speakers use just very often with in case .
Speakers use large magnets.
Speakers use magnets.
Speakers use many of the same signals used in writing.
Speakers use pitch to give words stress.
Speakers use pitch to send various messages.
Speakers use repetition to emphasize important points.
Speakers use their own success as a vehicle to show something that the audience can have too.
Speakers vary from alpine experts to nurserymen or keen amateurs.
Speakers vary quite a bit in quality.
Speakers virtually surround the lecture schedule.
Speakers volunteer their time to impart important information about conquering the marathon.
Speakers wear caps and tee-shirts with the logo.
Speakers welcome newcomers and outline programs and resources available to newcomers.
Speakers will have power.
Speakers work by oscillating the air back and forth.
Speakers work with larger groups to present information or new ideas.
Speakers work with students on conflict management, peer mediation, and anti-drug information.
Speakers work with teachers, school staff members, students, churches, and other organizations.
Speakers wove stories of tragedy and comedy.
Speakers frequently refer to the past or to past events when they are talking to a reporter.
Speakers often appreciate such guidance.
Speakers often bring all the supplies necessary to conduct experiments.
Speakers often discuss work in progress, as well as ideas for future research.
Speakers often ignore their nonverbal actions.
Speakers often offer information about research, legal and financial information and resources.
Speakers often schedule other professional or personal travel around the club date.
Speakers often use such information to strengthen their bond with the audience.
Speakers often use their tone of voice, or stress and intonation to express important information.
Speakers sometimes humiliate the learners, adding more shame to the many obstacles.
Speakers sometimes start their presentation with a quotation.
Speakers usually attend the entire seminar, thereby adding to the substance of the discussion.
Speakers usually come with the systems, but better quality speakers can be had for a price.
Speakers usually have few turns.
Speakers usually look away briefly as they are preparing to listen rather than speak.
Speakers usually offer insight into their professions that is unattainable in the textbook.
Speakers usually present an idea and then develop it.
Speakers usually stand at floor level to speak.
Speakers usually tend to make their charts and drawings larger than is really necessary.
Speakers usually use one or two minutes to think and plan, and then give a five-minute speech.
Speakers usually work individually.
All speakers are available based on their schedules which vary from semester to semester.
All speakers are available in any quantities.
All speakers are available on a first come, first serve basis.
All speakers are experts and leaders in their field.
All speakers are experts in one or more categories of bioenergetic medicine.
All speakers are experts in their fields of medical technology and all are experienced teachers.
All speakers are fluent in English.
All speakers are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted.
All speakers are highly motivated exciting people.
All speakers are highly qualified and have extensive experience in the medical industry.
All speakers are limited to three minutes.
All speakers are middle-aged or older.
All speakers are open for questions at the conclusion of their presentation.
All speakers are outside.
All speakers are quite old and also speak English.
All speakers are ready to go.
All speakers are responsible for their travel and hotel charges.
All speakers are subject to change.
All speakers are subject to last minute cancellation.
All speakers are the top in their field.
All speakers are to avoid any appearance of commercialism in their sessions.
All speakers are to conduct themselves in a civil manner.
All speakers are voluntary.
All speakers destroy the privacy of others and their meditation.
All speakers donate their time.
All speakers find it valuable to practice their delivery before the actual presentation.
All speakers have an impedance measurement just as they have a diameter measurement.
All speakers have an ohm rating.
All speakers have dialects, and there is no such thing as a language without dialects.
All speakers have extensive experience in public forums.
All speakers have musical ports, specifically placed, for the best sonic signature possible.
All speakers have periods of dysfluencies.
All speakers have provisions for bi-wiring.
All speakers have three minutes to address the board.
All speakers have to stand near own poster during the time period.
All speakers receive complimentary registration to the full conference.
All speakers receive free registration on any day on which they are contributing.
All speakers receive their dinner at no cost.
All speakers support the proposed facility.
All speakers use Unified pronunciation with minor differences.
Any speaker can get up and talk about leadership.
Every speaker comes alive, is full of clear detail and is flawless in reproduction.
Every speaker deserves a proper introduction.
Every speaker has it's own personality.
Every speaker is a mix of strengths and weaknesses.
Every speaker is an agent of change and an agent of stability.
Every speaker is fused on the flip side of the amp rack for protection against excessive power.
Every speaker is nervous.
Every speaker is translated into Spanish, and mariachi and marimba bands play during the ceremony.
Every speaker is used and used to perfection.
Every speaker pays a full speaker's fee even if attending for only one day or part thereof.
Many speakers already have such materials prepared.
Many speakers amble or take too long to get to the point.
Many speakers are also prepared to travel and to work in residence interstate or in country areas.
Many speakers are available globally, some are available in their home country or region.
Many speakers are bilingual in Russian, but rural people have limited proficiency.
Many speakers are bilingual in Russian, the exception being mainly rural people.
Many speakers are free.
Many speakers are quite difficult for others to comprehend.
Many speakers can arrange their schedules for daytime presentations.
Many speakers can be flush-mounted in walls or ceilings, even painted to match the room.
Many speakers choose to use slides for their presentations.
Many speakers come in different wood grains or colors.
Many speakers communicate through their style of dress.
Many speakers do allow taping at no additional charge.
Many speakers have several presentations, and mixups occur.
Many speakers just build enthusiasm.
Many speakers like to use a lectern because it is a handy place for notes, water and other items.
Many speakers make hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.
Many speakers make the mistake of bringing in an agent for the wrong reasons.
Many speakers never recover.
Many speakers oversell and under produce.
Many speakers select specific titles for a reason or for a pun.
Many speakers start off with their weight on one foot.
Many speakers talk about being efficient.
Many speakers talk too fast.
Many speakers tend to have a bias towards one section of the room.
Many speakers try to achieve too much, and as a result they fail to reach any goal.
Many speakers urge the workers to be cautious.
Many speakers use Hebrew as second language.
Many speakers use humor by telling a joke or anecdote.
More speakers are available to talk about sportsmanship.
More speakers move more air, period.
Most speakers are attorneys and paralegals.
Most speakers are available to give presentations to other organizations.
Most speakers are available to reporters after their presentations.
Most speakers are content with the superficial criteria because they seem easier to master.
Most speakers are elderly now, many use Russian as primary language.
Most speakers are from other universities, industry, or governmental organizations.
Most speakers are in the northern dialect.
Most speakers are middle aged and beyond and nearly all are bilingual in English.
Most speakers are middle-aged or older, bilingual in English.
Most speakers are middle-aged or older.
Most speakers are only at the conference for a half day.
Most speakers are quite fluent in Russian.
Most speakers are quite happy to fly coach air.
Most speakers are willing to leave their phone number and their card.
Most speakers are women.
Most speakers convert electromagnetic energy.
Most speakers convert energy.
Most speakers convert mechanical energy.
Most speakers do better when the audience does more than sit and listen.
Most speakers find examples.
Most speakers get moist palms and a dry mouth.
Most speakers give explanations.
Most speakers have conditions.
Most speakers have excellent presentation.
Most speakers have grandpas.
Most speakers have presentation.
Most speakers have terminals which accept bare wire.
Most speakers have volume controls on the front of one or two speakers.
Most speakers illustrate their presentations with slides.
Most speakers increase their fees for international bookings.
Most speakers just make reference to the host company a few times during their talk.
Most speakers know what they speak about and how they do it.
Most speakers leave positions.
Most speakers now use computers to generate and display digital slide presentations.
Most speakers now use computers to generate and display electronic slide presentations.
Most speakers participate in policy debate style, which involves research.
Most speakers plan three main points.
Most speakers play music.
Most speakers prefer to just wait and see how a speech develops.
Most speakers progress well in a group program.
Most speakers sound best when their tweeters are positioned at or near the listeners' ear height.
Most speakers take digital input.
Most speakers take input.
Most speakers try to cover too much material both on their visuals and in their speech.
Most speakers use ceramic magnets.
Most speakers use large magnets.
Most speakers use magnets.
Most speakers use their introduction to 'set-up' their talk, and prefer it to be read verbatim.
Some speakers act as representatives.
Some speakers also try to generate non-speaking revenue.
Some speakers are already on their way to Asia.
Some speakers are available to meet with interested faculty.
Some speakers are bilingual in Yoruba.
Some speakers are wireless .
Some speakers are wireless.
Some speakers argue for continuation of the existing standards board.
Some speakers bring hand-outs, or slides or a video clip as part of their presentation.
Some speakers can deliver what they have to say with charm, wit, and charisma.
Some speakers can reach an audience.
Some speakers can shape their presentations for different age groups as well.
Some speakers charge a fee.
Some speakers come into places.
Some speakers deal with success.
Some speakers deliberately maintain a lower fee for personal reasons.
Some speakers donate their time to the organizations to which they speak.
Some speakers enter the fray with entertainment in mind.
Some speakers even choose to borrow stories from the movies or TV to set up their topic.
Some speakers express pain.
Some speakers face sound.
Some speakers feature some type of extra bass boost system.
Some speakers give a context for each interpretation as the followings.
Some speakers give overviews.
Some speakers give printed handouts to the audience to follow as they speak.
Some speakers have a major problem with timing.
Some speakers have internal speaker protection which uses a small light-bulb to absorb peak wattage.
Some speakers have little trouble.
Some speakers have simpler clusters in length and strength.
Some speakers have strength.
Some speakers have that brightness voiced right in because people think it sounds more detailed.
Some speakers have trouble.
Some speakers invite seekers to meet in a counseling room and have good results.
Some speakers know some English.
Some speakers like to spring dramatic surprises on their audiences.
Some speakers like to use large type for their notes so they are easier to see at a glance.
Some speakers like to use visuals, handouts, or props.
Some speakers live in areas.
Some speakers love to work all day.
Some speakers make characters.
Some speakers merge all three vowels.
Some speakers own their own projector.
Some speakers prefer to give talks only in the general region in which they live.
Some speakers present various topics.
Some speakers provide answers.
Some speakers read because they are afraid to try anything else.
Some speakers require trials.
Some speakers see toads.
Some speakers serve on faculty.
Some speakers simply avoid facts that have direct bearing on the subject.
Some speakers speak in a loud monotone, and worse yet some yell in monotone.
Some speakers start playing music.
Some speakers swear by videotaping their practice sessions or speaking before a mirror.
Some speakers take advantage.
Some speakers talk extremely fast and some go blank.
Some speakers think that the best way to use humour is to tell jokes.
Some speakers travel with an aide.
Some speakers use batteries.
Some speakers use bracing and other speakers use damping materials.
Some speakers use chairs.
Some speakers use half sentences to keep up the pace.
Some speakers use images.
Some speakers use lithium ion batteries.
Some speakers use overhead transparencies as notes.
Some speakers use rechargeable batteries.
Some speakers use rechargeable lithium ion batteries.
Some speakers use Swahili as a lingua franca.
Some speakers use wheel chairs.
A speakerphone is a telephone
Speakerphone allows hands-free conversation.
Speakerphone is used for both during assessment and for both teams to conference.
Speakerphone provides handsfree response to intercom calls.
Speakerphone rounds help address the latter.
Speakerphones are telephones.
Speakerphones can cause sound disruption through echoing or sound breakup.
Speakerphones have the potential of much longer delay paths and low loss, which can create echo.
Speakerphones make hands-free conversations a reality and conference calls a breeze.
Speakerphones subject the caller to an annoying echo that makes it difficult to hear clearly.
Speakerphones vary in quality the best are digital duplex.
Speakers agencies are very much the brainchild of the founder.
Speakers bureau is available.
Speakers bureau secures all levels of communication and business support themes.
Speakers bureaus receive calls daily.
Speaking are human activities.
Speaking are talking.
Speaking are utterances.
Speaks callers name out loud.
Spear fishing is a growing sport.
Spear fishing is a tricky issue, and regulations vary from country to country.
Spear fishing is legal, but restricted.
Spear fishing is one method used by bay fisherman.
Spear fishing is popular with scuba divers because the under water visibility is excellent.
Spear fishing is the third technique.
Spear fishing is welcomed only if as done while free diving and hunting predators only.
Spear growth depends on temperature.
Spear guns are an efficient method of catching fish.
Spear houses are also available.
Spear tackles carry stiff penalties.
A spear is a weapon
Spear bagels one at a time with fondue forks and swirl through cheese mixture.
Spear continues to show improvement in each event as the season progresses.
Spear is a feeling of the age, a sign of the times.
Spear is the unknown one of the lot.
Spear isa weapon.
Spear represent Chinese or Korean subject foot and allies.
Spears already has a history of questionable decisions.
Spears also shares in the royalties from Wayne State's licensing agreement with the company.
Spears appear slightly darker green, water-soaked and break off easily.
Spears are as friendly as the ocean.
Spears are implements.
Spears are then unmarketable.
Spears are weapons.
Spears consist essentially of stem tissue only.
Spears drawn, the cavalry stands ready to attack.
Spears gradually decrease in size and number.
Spears grow bent in one direction toward a strong wind.
Spears has no direct evidence of retaliatory motivation.
Spears have (part) sections.
Spears have heads.
Spears includes various spears.
Spears is also happy.
Spears is now a country music singer.
Spears is the unforgettable story of one girl's odessey into the unknown.
Spears produce auxins, which prohibit the breaking of other buds on the crown.
Spears resides in Jonesboro.
Spears ring on mails.
Spears start to lose flavor and moisture as soon as they are harvested.
Spears symbolize the vital inspriration needed to initiate and sustain pioneering efforts.
Spears tries to take weekends off like a normal person.
Spears used are short and generally shorter than the warrior and used with one hand.
Most spears are now slightly slower on recovery.
Most spears have heads.
Some spears have bears.
Some spears have effects.
Some spears have hues.
Spearfish businesses experience a low turnover rate.
A spearhead is a point
Spearheads used by early humans are among the artifacts that have been found.
A spearmint is mint
Spearmint can relieve gas pains and aids digestion.
Spearmint helps meld other flavors, and wintergreen is mild and woodsy.
Spearmint is a perennial plant that aggressively spreads by creeping stolons .
Spearmint is a related edible species.
Spearmint is a valuable herb for stopping vomiting during pregnancy.
Spearmint is edible and Medicinal, the leaves and flowers are edible raw or cooked.
Spearmint is lighter green with pink flowers.
Spearmint is prominent with green tea adding great depth and roundness.
Spearmint offers many of the same health benefits but is used more often in cooking.
Spearmints are mint.
Spearmints are plants.
Spec ads require additional development time for creativity.
Spec assignments are a topic of some controversy in the agency industry.
SPEC file maintains proper permissions.
Spec language is also user editable at any stage of the specification module's use.
SPEC members can submit for free and non-members pay a fee.
SPEC membership is open to both industrial and nonprofit organizations.
Spec sheets are available for most fixture types featured in our online store.
Spec suspension includes springs, sway bars, shocks, camber plates, and bushings.
Most spec systems cost thousands of dollars.
Spec types are there for ease of specifications.
Spec writers can pick and choose topics, selecting subjects which fulfill personal needs.
Spec writing allows one to write regularly, but to keep a flexible schedule.
Spec writing is already a gamble.
A spec is a description
Spec isa description.
Specs are admittedly hard to find.
Specs are also available on-line.
Specs are as followed, questions call or write.
Specs are for unisex size small.
Specs are for women's size regular.
Specs are free to submit or download.
Specs are from the pre-World War II era.
Specs are homes that are under construction or have been completed.
Specs are motherhood and apple pie.
Specs are only a suggestion.
Specs are open.
Specs are overdone.
Specs are pairs of a signature and a set of axioms.
Specs are pretty impressive.
Specs are really good for the price.
Specs are still in the boiling stage.
Specs are still up in the air.
Specs are subject to change without prior notice.
Specs are tricky.
Specs have to be realistic and they have to be attainable.
Specs have to fit too many varieties for multiple brewer's therefore the specs are too broad.
Specs look good.
Specs now exist.
All specs are available on the website.
All specs are in download format only, with excellent site map and easy navigation.
All specs are subject to change and are approximate.
All specs are subject to change.
Every spec has a unit price representing a reasonable national average.
Many specs are very important and others are certainly of less importance.
Some specs suffer from other shortcomings.
Speceisist historian loses legal battle.
Some specfic examples are equal rights movements, and also into fundamentalist movements.
Special abilities become available to the equipped character.
Special abilities consume what are called sanity points.
Special access features guarantee success. . .
Special access is a type of privileged access given to approved individuals.
Special access is provided for the disabled.
Special access is required.
Special accolades go to the various state and county tourist associations and their staff.
Special accommodations are available for all programs with adequate notification.
Special accommodations are available for all students with documented disabilities.
Special accommodations are available for candidates with disabilities.
Special accommodations are available for groups or special research.
Special accommodations are available for handicapped and non-smoking guests.
Special accommodations are available for parents whose children are undergoing a sleep study.
Special accommodations are available for patients with disabilities.
Special accommodations are available for persons with disabilities by calling ext.
Special accommodations are available for students with appropriately documented disabilities.
Special accommodations are available for students with disabilities.
Special accommodations are available for the disabled.
Special accommodations are available for wheelchair-bound visitors.
Some special accommodations require additional time.
Special accounts are available for guests and departmental use.
Special acknowledgement is extended to contributors listed below in alphabetical order.
Special action has to be taken for global and static data.
Special action is needed to restore entitlements.
Special activation is required.
Special activities abound for all ages.
Special activities are available on bad weather days.
Special activities are usually all day or half a day.
Special activities draw parents too into the circle of learning.
Special activities enhance their understanding of culture.
Special activities give students a view of traditional American culture.
Special activities help to support the club's work in projects and other educational programs.
Special activities range from swimming and boating to archery and creek hikes.
Special activities supplement the text.
Special activities take place throughout the season.
Special activities take place throughout the year, also.
Special activity is offered to school-age children.
Many special activities are on tap.
Special adaptations add to the uniqueness of mobile electronics.
Special adaptations allow alligators to be skilled hunters in their watery domain.
Special adaptations are available for use in cars, ocean-going yachts and coastal craft.
Special adaptations are important.
Special adaptations can reduce the loss in dry environments.
Special adaptations exists to research sleep , for example the length of sleep rhythms .
Special adaptations exists to research sleep, for example the length of sleep rhythms.
Special adaptations revolve around helping animals to survive in the habitat in which they live.
Special adapter allows shotgun tip to be used in place of rifle or pistol tip.
Special adapters allow modern flush mounting.
Special adaptors allow a single mount to be used in several unique configurations.
Special addition describes modifications and improvements for each chassis.
Special additives allow it to hook on even the heaviest oil pattern.
Special additives displace moisture and eliminate the potential for rust and corrosion.
Special additives fight friction, safeguard seals and prevent corrosion and oxidation.
Special additives make our candles burn longer with little or no waste.
Special additives minimize oxygen absorption and inhibit oxidation.
Special additives prevent UV degradation and protect the vehicle's finish and interior.
Special additives protect clutch and drive system.
Special additives protect neoprene seals .
Special additives reduce friction and heat.
Special adhesive turns any piece of paper into a removable, self-sticking note.
Special admission applies.
Special admission Have a degree from overseas.
Special admittance is the other criteria considered.
Special adventures are night diving and shipwreck diving.
Special advisers are available to assist admitted applicants and enrolled students.
Special advisers are now an established part of government.
Some special advisers advise on media related issues.
Special advisors are on hand to assist students interested in health profession and law careers.
Special advisors assist students planning careers in legal and health professions.
Special aerosols can deliver a spray that penetrates the nest to kill the colony.
Special affiliation is awarded at the discretion of the board.
Special agar is required for stool culture isolation.
A special agent is an agent
Special agent suffers from heat stress during physical fitness training.
Special agents are agents.
Special agents are analogous to detectives on local police forces.
Special agents are subject to transfer anywhere in the United States.
Special agents concentrate on the prevention of narcotics and weapons smuggling.
Special agents participate in advanced in-service training programs.
Some special agents have to travel a lot, often on very short notice.
Special agreements are signed with interested ministries, information exchange is carried out.
Special aid is provided for students working on their thesis.
Special airfares are available to Honiara from many cities in North America.
Special algorithms are available to treat highly stiff systems.
Special algorithms are necessary for classifying and filtering laser scanning data.
Special algorithms ensure correct timing of measurements.
Special allocations are possible.
Special alloys are available for special conditions.
Special amenities await our guests.
Special ammunition including some obsolete calibers are available on request.
Special amulets are available.
Special analyses allow for the structuring of times series and dose response experiments.
Special announcements are forthcoming.
Special announcements are subject to other scheduling rules.
Special apparel is worn by the surgical team to protect the operative wound from contamination.
Special appearances are subject to change.
Special appetizers are available at an additional cost.
Special application generates carpet seam diagram for flooring contractors.
Special application is required in some cases.
Special application is required.
Special applications are available on request.
Special applications are billable based on complexity.
Special applications are receptor-ligand binding models based on the mass equilibrium equation.
Special applications are thickness and composition of single and multilayer thin metal films.
Special applications can even restore drain fields.
Special appointments are available on a limited basis.
Special appointments are available with prior notice.
Special appointments are available.
Special appointments are no problem.
Special appointments are possible, too.
Special appreciation goes to the individuals whose practices are described in the guide.
Special appreciation goes to the project team and pilot user group for their work.
Special appreciation goes to the staff.
Special appreciation is directed to the following for their major contributions.
Special appreciation is extended to the Schwartz lab for their preparations and enthusiasm.
Special appropriation is necessary for alterations, new additions and new construction .
Special approval is given for departments to deposit payments directly to the program income budget.
Special approval is needed to take more than two courses.
Special approval is required for amplified sound.
Special approval is required for any exceptions.
Special approval is required to trade options.
Special approval is required.
Special approvals are necessary for retro-enrollments beyond the designated times.
Special areas are available for exhibition of student work.
Special areas are equal opportunities and labour market analysis.
Special areas are sciences and technology, foreign languages, science and fantasy fiction.
Special areas consider the atomic capabilities and threats of Iraq, India, and Pakistan.
Special areas covered include sales and marketing, promotion and business skills.
Special arguments have to be deployed.
Special arms are also available.
Special arrangement is required.
Special arrangements allow for families to join the cruise at reasonable prices.
Special arrangements allow other selected categories of users to borrow materials.
Special arrangements allow teams to depart early due to illness or physical danger.
Special arrangements apply for exhibitors.
Special arrangements apply for remote customers located in extended zones.
Special arrangements apply for school groups .
Special arrangements apply to exchange and study abroad students.
Special arrangements apply to law reference books and journals.
Special arrangements apply to obtaining a suitable record of the judgment.
Special arrangements apply to vehicles imported to Northern Ireland.
Special arrangements are also available for off-campus students.
Special arrangements are also possible.
Special arrangements are always available for activities such as bird-watching and even parties.
Special arrangements are an option.
Special arrangements are available for families.
Special arrangements are available for guests with permanent or temporary disabilities.
Special arrangements are available for guests with permanent or temporary disablities.
Special arrangements are available for legislators, talk show hosts, judges, and attornies.
Special arrangements are available for non-attorneys including students.
Special arrangements are available for non-science graduates to join the scheme.
Special arrangements are available for overdue accounts or financial difficulties.
Special arrangements are available for overseas situations.
Special arrangements are available for overseas students.
Special arrangements are available for people holidaying in the area.
Special arrangements are available for site licenses.
Special arrangements are available for students, faculty or staff with disabilities.
Special arrangements are available for vegetarian, vegan and other special dietary needs.
Special arrangements are available upon request.
Special arrangements are for visiting critically ill patients.
Special arrangements are in place for the infirm and handicapped.
Special arrangements are made for groups and advance registration is required.
Special arrangements are necessary to ensure secrecy and that everyone can vote.
Special arrangements are no problem.
Special arrangements are now available for non-science graduates to join the scheme.
Special arrangements are possible for students, volunteers, and members of the press .
Special arrangements are possible for younger students.
Special arrangements are possible.
Special arrangements are subject to availability and rate verification.
Special arrangements can be made for other equipment - please notify ahead of the meeting.
Special arrangements can be made for other times - please call.
Special arrangements can be made for pets, please call in advance.
Special arrangements can be made, just ask.
Special arrangements can be make for small productions.
Special arrangements exist for some research groups wishing to do protein crystallography.
Special arrangements exist for staff of UK partner institutions.
Special arrangements exist in any case for candidates resident abroad.
Special arrangements exist with local universities.
Special arrangements have to be made for disposal.
Special arrangements have to be made with the caretaker for the use of the lift.
Special arrangements have to be made.
Any special arrangements require planning, approval, and paperwork.
Some special arrangements are possible.
Special articles concerning safety and security issues appear frequently.
Special articles concerning security issues also appear frequently.
Special articles feature state parks, Amish country, theme parks, bicycle paths and historic sites.
Special aspects considered are numerical behavior and information processing.
A special assessment is a tax
Special assessment requirements Special conventions.
Special assessments appear to be a fairer financing mechanism.
Special assessments are also property liens that take precedence over other liens.
Special assessments are benefit assessments which are property specific such as refuse collection.
Special assessments are taxs.
Special assessments are the product of poor planning.
Special assignments are our speciality.
Special assignments are usually exciting.
Special assignments enable students to strengthen their knowledge in selected areas.
Special assistance can make a difference.
Special assistance is available for a small number of children with special needs.
Special assistance is available for persons with disabilities.
Special assistance is available for physically disabled and illiterate voters.
Special assistance is available for school fishing clubs.
Special assistance is available for service members in Korea.
Special assistance is available for small communities or areas with unique situations.
Special assistance is available for the handicapped and the visually impaired.
Special assistance is available for writing in science courses.
Special assistance is available on research projects.
Special assistance is available upon request.
Special assistance is given during regis-tration and counseling is available.
Special assistance is given to promote self-esteem and good study habits.
Special assistance is offered for learning disabled students and non-native speakers of English.
Special assistance is offered to students who lack assumed knowledge in mathematics or physics.
Special assistance is offered where needed.
Special assistance is possible in certain cases.
Special assistance is provided for children with learning difficulties.
Special assistance is provided to home care recipients and nursing home residents in Philadelphia.
Special assistance is provided to small businesses bidding on city contracts.
Special astronomy shows throughout the year.
Special attachments allow the removal of some small polyps or the collection of a biopsy sample.
Special attack is a spin backwards kick.
Special attack is headbutt.
Special attack is kick.
Special attacks are easy to make for monsters, so things are always interesting.
Special attacks are special moves.
Special attendance permits.
Special attention focuses on Sustainable development .
Special attention focuses on the documentation of hydrologic events.
Special attention focuses on the internal spatial structure of cities, their functions and problems.
Special attention focuses on the spring and summer seasons.
Special attention give to personal preparation and mission service.
Special attention goes into each and every piece.
Special attention has to be devoted to access to the different types of information.
Special attention has to be given to enlist members from industry.
Special attention has to be given to swathing, especially for cereal crops.
Special attention has to be paid to packaging,handling and storage in the transportation process.
Special attention has to be paid to the countries of Asia, Africa and Latin America.
Special attention has to be paid to the distribution of the processing.
Special attention has to be payed to the maximum cell delay of real-time oriented services.
Special attention has to be taken for accuracy.
Special attention is accorded both newsgroups and e-mail, in later chapters.
Special attention is also devoted to finding convenient page turns.
Special attention is also devoted to the choice of monument.
Special attention is also devoted to the contemporary problems of modern Latin America.
Special attention is also devoted to urban financial arrangements and state debt structures.
Special attention is also devoted to urban financial arrangements.
Special attention is applied to tornadoes and hurricanes.
Special attention is brought to bringing fire life safety education to the most at risk populations.
Special attention is called for resin temperature.
Special attention is called to the prohibition of sexual harassment.
Special attention is Carolina's hallmark.
Special attention is dedicated to protection of the marine environment.
Special attention is devoted to Asian cities.
Special attention is devoted to attaining proficiency in communication and interpersonal skills.
Special attention is devoted to computerized statistical procedures.
Special attention is devoted to consistency for mechanical shock and vibration testing.
Special attention is devoted to development of end-user support systems.
Special attention is devoted to public sector bargaining.
Special attention is devoted to pupils of the lower vocational schools.
Special attention is devoted to readability.
Special attention is devoted to realization of sensitivity analysis.
Special attention is devoted to scientific method and applications in environmental science.
Special attention is devoted to social problems.
Special attention is devoted to students with special needs and multicultural perspectives.
Special attention is devoted to terrorist operations they have carried out.
Special attention is devoted to the changes of materials properties on use, as well.
Special attention is devoted to the needs of the handicapped.
Special attention is directed to descriptions involving function-based properties.
Special attention is directed to encouraging young talented film-makers.
Special attention is directed to handling the furniture and accessories.
Special attention is directed to individual and both social and physical environments.
Special attention is directed to practicing presentation and teaching competence .
Special attention is directed to preparing the cash-flow statement.
Special attention is directed to statement preparation.
Special attention is directed to the manner in which employee benefit plans affect the economy.
Special attention is directed to the problem of Quebec in Confederation.
Special attention is directed to the sensory portion of the neurological exam.
Special attention is directed to the therapeutic components of the hospital diets.
Special attention is directed to the use of accounting information in managerial decision making.
Special attention is directed to the use of accounting information in managerial decisions.
Special attention is directed toward enhancing critical reasoning skills.
Special attention is directed toward explosiveness and foot speed.
Special attention is directed toward political, socioeconomic, and military aspects.
Special attention is directed toward psychiatric issues unique to a correctional system.
Special attention is directed toward specific sports injuries.
Special attention is directed toward the schools.
Special attention is directed towards mountain forests because of their importance to our society.
Special attention is directed towards the fructan pool.
Special attention is directed towards the unseen role denial plays in a client's health.
Special attention is drawn to conciseness of captions.
Special attention is drawn to lift enhancement due to separation delay for the inclined plate.
Special attention is drawn to puppy coat development.
Special attention is drawn to the impact of historical religion on modern India.
Special attention is drawn to the patient's posture and possible postural anomalies.
Special attention is drawn to the reindeer in Lapland.
Special attention is drawn to the topological and the causal structure of space-time.
Special attention is drawn to the way in which all the components now work with more integration.
Special attention is due to the search engine at .
Special attention is focused on architectural and garden design principles of specific periods.
Special attention is focused on developments involving domain names and trademarks.
Special attention is focused on differences in socialization by sex, race and class.
Special attention is focused on functions and the utilization of appropriate technology.
Special attention is focused on how to coach and give feedback effectively to couples.
Special attention is focused on lesson and unit planning and skill development in the subject areas.
Special attention is focused on potato.
Special attention is focused on recent developments relating to minority employment.
Special attention is focused on reorganization, structural reform, and innovation.
Special attention is focused on ring prongs.
Special attention is focused on societal reactions to such behavior.
Special attention is focused on special effects for motion graphics.
Special attention is focused on student interaction, evaluation, and security.
Special attention is focused on the calcium release protein of the sarcoplasmic reticulum.
Special attention is focused on the genitals and rectum.
Special attention is focused on the needs of the special care child.
Special attention is focused on the reading of advanced cultural, literary and communication texts.
Special attention is focused on the retrosynthetic approach to synthesis design.
Special attention is focused on the safety net provided by public health services.
Special attention is focused on the stability of the superheat signal.
Special attention is focused on wound healing, electrolyte balance, shock and infections.
Special attention is give to the diagnosis of foetal growth retardation.
Special attention is given conflicts between the sexes and between parents and offspring.
Special attention is given for deriving stability conditions for the limiting solutions.
Special attention is given for the safety of the participants.
Special attention is given for the welfare of women and children.
Special attention is given here to areas dependent on fisheries.
Special attention is given if students are admitted provisionally, or if they are on probation.
Special attention is given in the ways in which idioms can vary.
Special attention is given the role of folk culture.
Special attention is given throughout the curriculum to conditions of the oppressed.
Special attention is given throughout to durability and energy efficiency.
Special attention is given throughout to durability and to energy and efficiency.
Special attention is given to a comparison of internal peacemakers and to external mediators.
Special attention is given to a diversity of theological voices.
Special attention is given to a formalized explanation.
Special attention is given to a survey of the methods of archaeological investigation.
Special attention is given to academic, behavioral, and vocational concerns.
Special attention is given to accessibility and affordability.
Special attention is given to activities at home that support children's learning at school.
Special attention is given to advances in surgical techniques and clinical oncology.
Special attention is given to African-American campaigns to secure political and social equality.
Special attention is given to agriculture, electronics, forestry, and international trade.
Special attention is given to aiding students to clarify for themselves their own lived values.
Special attention is given to air brake components.
Special attention is given to aircraft maintenance and the regulatory process.
Special attention is given to Alabama history.
Special attention is given to allow children to identify with the past.
Special attention is given to altars and meditation spaces.
Special attention is given to American population structure.
Special attention is given to analysis and application.
Special attention is given to analysis of the possible mechanisms for the superconductivity.
Special attention is given to analytic theory in modern psychodynamically-oriented psychotherapy.
Special attention is given to animal adaptations.
Special attention is given to anticipatory guidance and developmental behavioral issues.
Special attention is given to antitrust laws and laws of employment and labor relations.
Special attention is given to applications and requirements created by new disciplines.
Special attention is given to applications in business and the social sciences.
Special attention is given to applications related to program or treatment evaluation.
Special attention is given to archaeology and research into life and faith of ancient times.
Special attention is given to areas of petroleum, plastics, drugs and spectroscopy.
Special attention is given to areas of the brain associated with cognitive function.
Special attention is given to areas with high injury rates.
Special attention is given to articles with a prevention emphasis.
Special attention is given to artists who lived and worked on Long Island's East End.
Special attention is given to assessment in human resource development.
Special attention is given to assure that all services are executed properly.
Special attention is given to assuring that baby is eating well and mom is comfortable.
Special attention is given to asymptotic methods.
Special attention is given to attempts to justify various forms of social organization.
Special attention is given to audition preparation.
Special attention is given to Australian labour market conditions.
Special attention is given to authoritative pronouncements.
Special attention is given to background factors related to creative behavior.
Special attention is given to basic swimming skills and water safety.
Special attention is given to Belgian jazz productions.
Special attention is given to bird adaptations when students visit our bird blind.
Special attention is given to brides.
Special attention is given to bringing university education to nontraditional students.
Special attention is given to broadening the incoming students' experiences.
Special attention is given to business travelers and their special needs.
Special attention is given to business traveler's needs.
Special attention is given to calculation methods for the multiple scattering model.
Special attention is given to Canadian society.
Special attention is given to capitalization, spelling and word division, punctuation, and numbers.
Special attention is given to cargo packed in and transported with freight containers.
Special attention is given to case studies as an approach for defining lessons learned.
Special attention is given to cellular biology as it applies to both lower and higher forms of life.
Special attention is given to censorship and free speech concerns.
Special attention is given to centrifugal destabilization of the viscous boundary layer.
Special attention is given to certain classes of nonlinear forms, such as quadratic forms.
Special attention is given to certain study habits that promote academic success.
Special attention is given to changes over time.
Special attention is given to changes taking place in urban and rural areas.
Special attention is given to character and citizenship in addition to academic performance.
Special attention is given to Chicago.
Special attention is given to children with a history of prostitution and drug abuse.
Special attention is given to children, who join the celebrations with flags and singing.
Special attention is given to Christian ethnic groups throughout the Middle East.
Special attention is given to Christian witness and congregational membership growth in the city.
Special attention is given to chronicles and geographical and biographical literature.
Special attention is given to circular and elliptic numerical ranges.
Special attention is given to cities such as Madrid, Barcelona and Seville.
Special attention is given to civil liberties.
Special attention is given to classical social thinkers and to the origin of sociology as a science.
Special attention is given to cleaning the gingival sulcus.
Special attention is given to cleansing the liver and kidneys.
Special attention is given to commissioned works, and world, U.S. and local premieres.
Special attention is given to communication strategies in culturally diverse organizations.
Special attention is given to community assessment, assurance, and policy development.
Special attention is given to community medicine, geriatrics, rural medicine, and minority medicine.
Special attention is given to comparison of simulation time and accuracy.
Special attention is given to comparisons of the European and U.S. economies.
Special attention is given to complete sentences.
Special attention is given to computer fraud and investigation.
Special attention is given to concepts in open book management and enterprise resource planning.
Special attention is given to connecting academic life with development as a person.
Special attention is given to consumer packaging.
Special attention is given to consumer rights, consumer responsibilities, and consumer regulations.
Special attention is given to contemporary concepts.
Special attention is given to contemporary issues and initiatives and their use in schools.
Special attention is given to contemporary issues as they affect individuals and society.
Special attention is given to continuing questions about the meaning of life and death.
Special attention is given to controls while internal changes are being implemented.
Special attention is given to convenience and fast food systems.
Special attention is given to Corporate functions.
Special attention is given to corporate social responsiblity and ethics.
Special attention is given to correcting and improving pronunciation and intonation.
Special attention is given to correcting individual pronunciation errors.
Special attention is given to corruption in the area of criminal justice.
Special attention is given to course planning and the use of multimedia in religious education.
Special attention is given to courses in economics and mathematics.
Special attention is given to covering surfaces.
Special attention is given to craft, instrumentation techniques and personal statement.
Special attention is given to craft, instrumentation techniques, and personal statement.
Special attention is given to creating an ambiance of nurturance.
Special attention is given to creating healthy cross-cultural and power relationships in systems.
Special attention is given to critical dimensions needed by our customers.
Special attention is given to criticism and the evangelical scholar.
Special attention is given to cross-cultural examples.
Special attention is given to crucial issues facing the Arab world and the Gulf region.
Special attention is given to cultural and ethnic diversity.
Special attention is given to current events in the former Soviet Union.
Special attention is given to current hemispheric events.
Special attention is given to current investigations of sculptural form.
Special attention is given to current issues and events relevant to conditions in Wisconsin today.
Special attention is given to current issues and events relevant to conditions in Wisconsin.
Special attention is given to current issues in health and health care.
Special attention is given to current issues in learning theory.
Special attention is given to current litigation issues in the health care industry.
Special attention is given to current management concepts prevalent in the equine industry today.
Special attention is given to current media law cases and recent case studies.
Special attention is given to current problems.
Special attention is given to curriculum which addresses issues of inclusion and multi-culturalism.
Special attention is given to customer behavior in service settings.
Special attention is given to dairy and poultry products, red meats, vegetables, and cereal grains.
Special attention is given to democratic, industrial nations.
Special attention is given to depth psychological and archetypal approaches to the study of myth.
Special attention is given to descriptive and narrative functions of spoken and written language.
Special attention is given to detail with valuable dancing tips provided to both men and women.
Special attention is given to details such as window sashes, shutters, cornices, and roofs.
Special attention is given to determine the needs, goals and desired outcomes of each group.
Special attention is given to developing a structured approach to software development.
Special attention is given to developing aural comprehension.
Special attention is given to developing ideas from script to screen.
Special attention is given to developing leadership qualities among students.
Special attention is given to developing phonetic proficiency and effective reading strategies.
Special attention is given to development of conversational strategies for novel situations.
Special attention is given to development of critical skills for literary analysis.
Special attention is given to development of writing skills.
Special attention is given to developmental problems of emerging nations.
Special attention is given to diction, conversational style, and poetic interpretation.
Special attention is given to dietary preferences.
Special attention is given to differential diagnosis.
Special attention is given to disease processes that alter respiratory and cardiovascular function.
Special attention is given to diversity, cultural sensitivity, oppression, and discrimination.
Special attention is given to domestic viiolence, substance abuse and gender identity.
Special attention is given to drafting and revising.
Special attention is given to drivers and teams with Virginia connections.
Special attention is given to drugs in the workplace.
Special attention is given to each block set.
Special attention is given to each event to provide the necessary set up.
Special attention is given to each guest's needs, interests and preferences.
Special attention is given to each hunt whether it is an individual or group.
Special attention is given to each student's needs and preferences in making menu selections.
Special attention is given to efficient numerical implementations of the developed techniques.
Special attention is given to electronic resources and projects.
Special attention is given to employment practices, wages, hours, unionism and labor legislation.
Special attention is given to energy efficiency, building durability and indoor air quality.
Special attention is given to English and Math grades.
Special attention is given to ensemble and rehearsal techniques.
Special attention is given to ensemble techniques and stylistic concerns of the selected repertory.
Special attention is given to ensuring proper medical care and immunization services.
Special attention is given to equations and their application to business problems.
Special attention is given to equipment placement and presentation.
Special attention is given to ergonomic considerations.
Special attention is given to ethical and political issues in the conduct of research.
Special attention is given to ethical considerations in making business decisions.
Special attention is given to ethical issues and the use of supervision.
Special attention is given to ethical issues that are tangent to Christian apologetics.
Special attention is given to ethical problems facing journalists.
Special attention is given to every bat in order to insure that it meets our standards.
Special attention is given to every detail.
Special attention is given to examination of bending vibrations.
Special attention is given to expediting construction plans for new or expanding businesses.
Special attention is given to explaining what degrees are and how they are used to measure angles.
Special attention is given to expository writing.
Special attention is given to facilitate our guests needs in advance of their arrival.
Special attention is given to faculty, staff, and student requests.
Special attention is given to family violence, prevention, and school social work practice.
Special attention is given to fans and air distribution systems.
Special attention is given to federal and state courts rules of civil procedure.
Special attention is given to feed enzymes.
Special attention is given to feeding problems.
Special attention is given to feminist critiques of traditional Western approaches to ethics.
Special attention is given to final training in special procedures and surgery.
Special attention is given to financial statement presentation, analysis, and interpretation.
Special attention is given to fisheries and ecology in tempered and tropical waters.
Special attention is given to fitness assessment and lifestyle modification.
Special attention is given to forest monitoring by aerospace methods.
Special attention is given to forest policy development with respect to tropical regions.
Special attention is given to formal education, situations, and problems.
Special attention is given to Fourth Amendment constitutional issues.
Special attention is given to gardening therapy.
Special attention is given to gender, class, race, ethnicity and issues of social responsibility.
Special attention is given to gender, class, race, ethnicity, and issues of social responsibility.
Special attention is given to Germany, Italy and the Western democracies.
Special attention is given to grades in the major and in the last two years of undergraduate study.
Special attention is given to graduates in all phases of securing employment.
Special attention is given to grammar and vocabulary development.
Special attention is given to grammar, structure, and development of writing projects.
Special attention is given to Great Britain's importance as an economic metropolis.
Special attention is given to great individuals and fundamental ideas.
Special attention is given to health issues affecting women and children.
Special attention is given to hearing and dancing with the feeling of Latin music.
Special attention is given to helping students acquire self-learning skills.
Special attention is given to herpetic and postherpetic neuralgia in a separate chapter.
Special attention is given to historical, geographical, and biographical literature.
Special attention is given to how design constraints operate throughout the whole process.
Special attention is given to how doctrine relates to the mission of the church in today's world.
Special attention is given to how globalization influences business practices.
Special attention is given to humanist worldviews as meaning frames.
Special attention is given to hygiene, skin and scalp disease, and equipment sterilization.
Special attention is given to identification, nomenclature, and classification.
Special attention is given to identify anatomy on radiographic images.
Special attention is given to identifying and correcting individual pronunciation problems.
Special attention is given to identifying the developmental stages of written word knowledge.
Special attention is given to idiomatic usage in a contemporary social-cultural setting.
Special attention is given to Illinois state government and the Illinois state constitution.
Special attention is given to illustrating the concept of Pi.
Special attention is given to immigration as a gendered experience.
Special attention is given to implications for pastoral reflection and practice.
Special attention is given to implications for physics and mathematics.
Special attention is given to importance of insects to humans.
Special attention is given to important themes and techniques.
Special attention is given to improve the smoothness of commercial stents by electro-polishing.
Special attention is given to improving reading comprehension skills.
Special attention is given to individual writing interests of students.
Special attention is given to individuals in positioning and avoiding bad habits.
Special attention is given to informative and persuasive extemporaneous speeches.
Special attention is given to informed consent documents and issues of patient safety.
Special attention is given to inquiries on nutrition for infants and children.
Special attention is given to institutional and cultural development.
Special attention is given to instruction in fundamentals and individual skill development.
Special attention is given to insuring contractual indemnity obligations.
Special attention is given to integrating theoretical knowledge with practical experience.
Special attention is given to integration with local students and the people living in the area.
Special attention is given to interdisciplinary and liberal arts insights.
Special attention is given to interdisciplinary work in language and literature.
Special attention is given to international finance due to increasing globalization of all markets.
Special attention is given to international political economy and security.
Special attention is given to interpersonal and intercultural education.
Special attention is given to inter-societal relationships and the world system.
Special attention is given to intervention and other treatment approaches.
Special attention is given to investment concerns.
Special attention is given to isolation of the test gears from the reaction side.
Special attention is given to issues affecting organisations in a changing environment.
Special attention is given to issues concerning order and conflict.
Special attention is given to issues involving women and children in the projects.
Special attention is given to issues of aging and dying.
Special attention is given to issues of assessment, diagnosis and treatment.
Special attention is given to issues of ethical behavior and personal moral responsibility.
Special attention is given to issues of gender, class, and subjectivity.
Special attention is given to issues of public policy and religious identity.
Special attention is given to issues of urban development.
Special attention is given to issues relevant to Alaska.
Special attention is given to Japan and Indonesia.
Special attention is given to Jewish sacred texts, rituals, social practices, and modern forms.
Special attention is given to keep instructions short and simple.
Special attention is given to keeping memory overheads as low as possible.
Special attention is given to key theological concepts.
Special attention is given to killing, skinning, and marketing.
Special attention is given to kitchen and service.
Special attention is given to land contours to help achieve an effective statement.
Special attention is given to language function, pronunciation, and intonation.
Special attention is given to language independent methods and principles.
Special attention is given to layout and design problems.
Special attention is given to leadership development and community analyses.
Special attention is given to leadership style and to the functions of the modern presidency.
Special attention is given to learning basic conducting patterns and gestures.
Special attention is given to legislation and laws of special interest to Alaska.
Special attention is given to library resources.
Special attention is given to lighting, noise control and overall facility design.
Special attention is given to limiting class size for maximum interaction for a quality education.
Special attention is given to linguistic features that are rare, or remarkable in some other way.
Special attention is given to literary terminology and critical analysis.
Special attention is given to local court rules and policies in the larger counties.
Special attention is given to local elites and the exercise of Roman authority.
Special attention is given to local flora in the field.
Special attention is given to localities that are based immediately along the main gas pipelines.
Special attention is given to local-level farming.
Special attention is given to locks, lighting and landscape design.
Special attention is given to locks, lighting, and landscape design.
Special attention is given to longer fiction and documentary forms.
Special attention is given to low-grade and childhood tumours.
Special attention is given to low-income populations, a historic commitment of the profession.
Special attention is given to major theories and principles of animal and human learning.
Special attention is given to major women healers of the nineteenth century.
Special attention is given to management of pupils in the classroom.
Special attention is given to managing the transportation function in a deregulated environment.
Special attention is given to mandibular movements in relation to the syllabic structure.
Special attention is given to maps of North-West England.
Special attention is given to marginalised or disadvantaged communities.
Special attention is given to market performance and economic impact.
Special attention is given to marketing opportunities in the Far East and U.S. trade with Asia.
Special attention is given to match caregivers with clients to achieve the utmost compatibility.
Special attention is given to matching caregivers with clients to achieve the utmost compatibility.
Special attention is given to math, art, and writing skills.
Special attention is given to mathematical reasoning and problem solving.
Special attention is given to mathematics, science, social studies, and the humanities.
Special attention is given to mechanisms for certificate revocation.
Special attention is given to mechanisms of social control and to forces of social change.
Special attention is given to medically important viruses.
Special attention is given to meeting the needs of family members and caregivers.
Special attention is given to meeting their leisure needs in community settings.
Special attention is given to mentoring programs that work directly with minority students.
Special attention is given to metabolic complications associated with intravenous feeding.
Special attention is given to methodological problems in specifying theories for empirical study.
Special attention is given to micro stage first and moves gradually to macro level.
Special attention is given to mineral resources, energy resources, water, forests and marine life.
Special attention is given to ministry as an aspect of every Christian life.
Special attention is given to models for mainstreaming the child with special needs.
Special attention is given to models for mainstreaming the special needs child.
Special attention is given to modern methods of analysis.
Special attention is given to molecular clusters and their classification.
Special attention is given to monitoring agency operations through performance measurement.
Special attention is given to motifs, imagery, and typologies in the Bible.
Special attention is given to motivation styles, techniques, and uses.
Special attention is given to motor, cognitive and communication skills.
Special attention is given to multimedia authoring tools.
Special attention is given to narrative structure.
Special attention is given to nation-state building, praetorianism, and revolution.
Special attention is given to native California species.
Special attention is given to networking and other applications of telecommunications.
Special attention is given to never altering the song s original intention.
Special attention is given to new securities portfolio regulations.
Special attention is given to new theories, such as feminist and postmodern theory.
Special attention is given to newer methods of teaching science to the secondary student.
Special attention is given to non-death losses.
Special attention is given to non-proprietary interests and unowned, common natural resources.
Special attention is given to non-swimmers.
Special attention is given to North-South relations and to climate change.
Special attention is given to noun and verb syntax.
Special attention is given to nursing implications.
Special attention is given to on-going legislative and regulatory changes.
Special attention is given to opportunity, equality, and mobility issues.
Special attention is given to oral language.
Special attention is given to organizational and performance aspects of health care.
Special attention is given to O-rings, flat gaskets, and oval rings.
Special attention is given to other French-speaking countries and their relations to France.
Special attention is given to our partnership in Romania.
Special attention is given to overall functioning relating to general health and fatiguability.
Special attention is given to parasites of humans.
Special attention is given to party reform.
Special attention is given to pastoral care and academic progress.
Special attention is given to pathologies which have higher incidence in women.
Special attention is given to periodically time-varying systems with nonlinearities.
Special attention is given to periods of seasonal transition.
Special attention is given to personal and professional encounters.
Special attention is given to personal data protection.
Special attention is given to personal grooming and professional dress.
Special attention is given to personality development, self-image concepts and body communication.
Special attention is given to persuasive appeals.
Special attention is given to persuasive techniques.
Special attention is given to phenomenological movements in literature, social science and medicine.
Special attention is given to photographic composition and how to take the best possible pictures.
Special attention is given to photomicroscopy, macrophotography, and field photography.
Special attention is given to phyla and organisms of economic and evolutionary importance.
Special attention is given to physical, mental, personality, social, career, and family development.
Special attention is given to physiological factors, family dynamics, and treatment methods.
Special attention is given to phytopathological problems of the Mediterranean area.
Special attention is given to planning and positioning strategies.
Special attention is given to play analysis and interpretation.
Special attention is given to poetry written during the twentieth century.
Special attention is given to poetry, characterization, and other forms of imaginative writing.
Special attention is given to policy issues and education in rural areas.
Special attention is given to policy-relevant research.
Special attention is given to political and intellectual progress.
Special attention is given to political change and race relations.
Special attention is given to poverty among children and remedies that are within reach.
Special attention is given to poverty and programs to combat it in northwestern Pennsylvania.
Special attention is given to practical application.
Special attention is given to preparation for professional and graduate schools.
Special attention is given to present day issues and problems.
Special attention is given to presentation and techniques.
Special attention is given to presentation.
Special attention is given to present-day ethical issues.
Special attention is given to preserving the book s original presentation.
Special attention is given to preventive and rehabilitative exercises.
Special attention is given to prior exp.
Special attention is given to problem solving.
Special attention is given to problems encountered in reading, writing, and comprehending English.
Special attention is given to problems in business and economics.
Special attention is given to problems of both domestic and international policy.
Special attention is given to problems of child abuse and neglect.
Special attention is given to problems of entry, exit and pricing.
Special attention is given to problems of entry, exit, and pricing.
Special attention is given to problem-solving and the many strategies associated with it.
Special attention is given to problem-solving techniques.
Special attention is given to process analysis, definition and opinion support strategies.
Special attention is given to processes unique to plants such as photosynthesis.
Special attention is given to products intended for outdoor use.
Special attention is given to program building.
Special attention is given to programs designed to improve the quality of the education workforce.
Special attention is given to programs which are City-wide and affect multiple departments.
Special attention is given to projects concerning the access to networked information.
Special attention is given to projects involving the needs of women and children.
Special attention is given to projects that focus on geology, engineering and earth science.
Special attention is given to pronunciation and conversational patterns.
Special attention is given to pronunciation and simple conversational patterns.
Special attention is given to proper eyewear, flux cleanup, planishing, and filing.
Special attention is given to provider billing for physicians, hospital, and ancillary services.
Special attention is given to psychoanalysis, new historicism, and genre theory.
Special attention is given to public space and transportation.
Special attention is given to quality and fair pricing.
Special attention is given to quality, underwriting, pricing and stability.
Special attention is given to quantitative skills and extensive computer use in the classroom.
Special attention is given to questions of food and feeding.
Special attention is given to questions of identity, exile, history, memory, and language.
Special attention is given to radar remote sensing, thus complementing other courses.
Special attention is given to ratio and financial statement analysis.
Special attention is given to reactions and catalysts.
Special attention is given to real-time domains, where data that decisions depend on vary rapidly.
Special attention is given to recent advances in biotechnology.
Special attention is given to recent and contemporary visual culture.
Special attention is given to recent bank legislation.
Special attention is given to recent developments in genetics.
Special attention is given to recent insights into marketing by sociology and psychology.
Special attention is given to recent interdisciplinary efforts to study perception.
Special attention is given to recruiting and nurturing adult workers with youth.
Special attention is given to recurrent themes that transcend genres.
Special attention is given to regional issues, minority groups, and cultural change.
Special attention is given to rehabilitation-oriented functional assessments.
Special attention is given to relations with the media and new technology.
Special attention is given to religious conversion and spiritual transitions.
Special attention is given to religious thought, practices and institutions.
Special attention is given to research samples.
Special attention is given to resulting patterns of prayer, preaching, music, and conversion.
Special attention is given to risk assessments.
Special attention is given to rural watersheds and non-point sources of pollution.
Special attention is given to Russian literature.
Special attention is given to safe use, cleaning, and care of the weapons.
Special attention is given to safety and the environment.
Special attention is given to safety, handling, and troubleshooting systems.
Special attention is given to sampling design and conservation archaeology.
Special attention is given to sampling theory.
Special attention is given to sanctions as a central part of an effective dispute settlement system.
Special attention is given to scenarios involving the misdiagnosis of prostate and breast cancers.
Special attention is given to sea level changes, erosion and pollution problems.
Special attention is given to seed selection by many of the farmers.
Special attention is given to selected important groups of Canadian fauna.
Special attention is given to selected policy issues.
Special attention is given to selected zoological specimens with particular emphasis upon man.
Special attention is given to selecting lucious dining opportunities along the way.
Special attention is given to selection of developmentally appropriate curriculum.
Special attention is given to several classic philosophical texts as primary source readings.
Special attention is given to several of the most important original writings in mathematics.
Special attention is given to sexually transmitted diseases.
Special attention is given to significant conceptual developments and major technological advances.
Special attention is given to significant current issues in financial, tax, and cost accounting.
Special attention is given to signs of chronic arterial or venous insufficiency.
Special attention is given to Singles and Seniors.
Special attention is given to skill development, reading comprehension and vocabulary.
Special attention is given to skills development, reading comprehension and vocabulary.
Special attention is given to slavery and the free Black community before the Civil War.
Special attention is given to slavery, family, politics, education and civil rights.
Special attention is given to sleep-wake pathologies.
Special attention is given to smaller projects that can have a large impact.
Special attention is given to social and political trends in Israeli society.
Special attention is given to social change, including decision-making as it affects local life.
Special attention is given to social policy issues arising in rapidly aging societies.
Special attention is given to social stereotypes and responses to controversial communications.
Special attention is given to social, economic and psychological implications of addiction.
Special attention is given to sociolinguistic research concerning female-male differences.
Special attention is given to solitary waves.
Special attention is given to song requests from the guests.
Special attention is given to specific professional disciplines.
Special attention is given to steeplechase racing.
Special attention is given to storm drains with arrival of warmer weather.
Special attention is given to strategies and materials that facilitate independent learning.
Special attention is given to strategies for limiting the use and presence of automobiles.
Special attention is given to structuring the learning situation.
Special attention is given to student course and career advising.
Special attention is given to students whose parents or grandparents are alumni.
Special attention is given to students with part-time work experience.
Special attention is given to studies and documentation of the Fundamentalist tradition.
Special attention is given to style and to the idiomatic use of language.
Special attention is given to style awareness, ensemble and improvisation techniques.
Special attention is given to subcultural patterns and the different agencies of socialization.
Special attention is given to subject verb agreement and proper sentence structure.
Special attention is given to such issues as civil society, minorities, women and media.
Special attention is given to such requests.
Special attention is given to superconductivity in high magnetic fields.
Special attention is given to support of persons in mission .
Special attention is given to support the involvement of students in science.
Special attention is given to surface anatomy.
Special attention is given to surfaces of revolution.
Special attention is given to systematic exposition of Scripture.
Special attention is given to teaching general laboratory procedures and techniques of teaching.
Special attention is given to teaching general laboratory procedures and to techniques of teaching.
Special attention is given to technical, conceptual and humanistic concerns.
Special attention is given to techniques for coordinating computations on multiple computers.
Special attention is given to techniques for studying and test-taking.
Special attention is given to technology transfer.
Special attention is given to terrain, logistics and the training and morale of participants.
Special attention is given to th establishment of Jerusalem as a religious capital.
Special attention is given to the absorption of new immigrant artists.
Special attention is given to the academic sector.
Special attention is given to the actor's analysis of dramatic literature.
Special attention is given to the adrenal glands, the first glands that fail from stress.
Special attention is given to the aerospace and transportation vehicle industries.
Special attention is given to the analysis of bioactive peptides and proteins.
Special attention is given to the analysis of feudal institutions.
Special attention is given to the analysis of many of the religious symbols in Rome.
Special attention is given to the application of passages to the church today.
Special attention is given to the application of physics to the analysis of human movement problems.
Special attention is given to the application of sociological ideas and analysis.
Special attention is given to the arches and the ankle joint with respect to stability.
Special attention is given to the art and culture of Seville.
Special attention is given to the authorship, date, audience, and theme of the gospel.
Special attention is given to the automotive and ESD environments.
Special attention is given to the bacteria and viruses.
Special attention is given to the basic elements of monetary theory and policies.
Special attention is given to the biblical basis for social responsibility.
Special attention is given to the biostratigraphy and biogeography of the Middle Pleistocene.
Special attention is given to the care of multicultural, diverse or vulnerable adult populations.
Special attention is given to the career criminal.
Special attention is given to the case where the sample paths of the Gaussian process are smooth.
Special attention is given to the changing role of women in the labour market and in the economy.
Special attention is given to the citizen's race .
Special attention is given to the clients requirements.
Special attention is given to the coherent optical techniques made possible with the laser.
Special attention is given to the communication demands of engineers.
Special attention is given to the communicative efforts of women in the public arena.
Special attention is given to the compounds of carbon.
Special attention is given to the concepts of definition, theorem, and proof.
Special attention is given to the concepts of race, religion, and nationality.
Special attention is given to the concerns of low-income women.
Special attention is given to the conjugation of verbs and the analysis of their forms.
Special attention is given to the consequences of recent institutional restructuring.
Special attention is given to the contemporary American family.
Special attention is given to the contemporary situation in Russia.
Special attention is given to the correct and efficient service techniques for banquets.
Special attention is given to the correct documentation of written sources in academic writing.
Special attention is given to the countries and regions of greatest development.
Special attention is given to the creative disciplines of contemporary painting.
Special attention is given to the current presidential or congressional elections.
Special attention is given to the current status of the major theories of personality.
Special attention is given to the current U.S. Soviet and Japanese economies.
Special attention is given to the curve of the seats and backs.
Special attention is given to the denominational controversies. .
Special attention is given to the design and color of each students work.
Special attention is given to the design of federal institutions.
Special attention is given to the detailed cloth costumes and accessories.
Special attention is given to the development and literary history of the Trojan War legend.
Special attention is given to the development of argument in informative writing.
Special attention is given to the development of basic concepts of the field.
Special attention is given to the development of different perspectives, theories, and concepts.
Special attention is given to the development of each individual's preaching style.
Special attention is given to the development of expressive and comprehensive language skills.
Special attention is given to the development of the student's language skills.
Special attention is given to the development of writing skills and orthography.
Special attention is given to the developmental needs of students during transitional periods.
Special attention is given to the diagnosis and care of the demented patient.
Special attention is given to the diagnosis and correction of technical and musical problems.
Special attention is given to the discussion group method.
Special attention is given to the discussion of improving public policies.
Special attention is given to the discussion of second order or density correlations.
Special attention is given to the diversity of styles of presentation in the media.
Special attention is given to the dramatic qualities of ritual processes.
Special attention is given to the dual processes of adolescent development and family development.
Special attention is given to the dynamics and needs of violent families.
Special attention is given to the early detection of emerging economic problems.
Special attention is given to the early history of the Pacific Northwest.
Special attention is given to the economic setting of political and social trends.
Special attention is given to the economics of telecommunications and the problem of regulation.
Special attention is given to the effect of art on the individual and culture.
Special attention is given to the effect of illness on the patient, the family and the community.
Special attention is given to the effects of climate change.
Special attention is given to the effects of different custody dispositions on boys and girls.
Special attention is given to the effects of psychological and social factors on development.
Special attention is given to the effects of stress and the mature handling of stress.
Special attention is given to the effects on infants, children and people with asthma.
Special attention is given to the elderly.
Special attention is given to the empirical student work.
Special attention is given to the envelopes density profiles and to the dust emissivity.
Special attention is given to the era of the Spanish Empire and the events of the modern period.
Special attention is given to the establishment of desirable reading habits and life long learning.
Special attention is given to the examination of works of art in excellent state of preservation.
Special attention is given to the family's role in the rehabilitation process.
Special attention is given to the features that make the mountain country so interesting.
Special attention is given to the Federalist Papers.
Special attention is given to the female Latin American writer.
Special attention is given to the first eleven chapters.
Special attention is given to the five warning passages.
Special attention is given to the forces affecting war and peace.
Special attention is given to the formulation of rules to explain phonological variation.
Special attention is given to the fundamentals of hitting, fielding and throwing.
Special attention is given to the fundamentals of hitting, fielding, pitching and throwing.
Special attention is given to the fundamentals of shooting, ballhandling, passing and defense.
Special attention is given to the geographic conditions affecting urban development and growth.
Special attention is given to the geography, geology, history and archaeology of Israel.
Special attention is given to the goals, curriculum, and methods of elementary education.
Special attention is given to the Greek and Christian influences on art in Western culture.
Special attention is given to the Greek legacy of ideas, themes, figures, and images.
Special attention is given to the handicapped and senior citizens.
Special attention is given to the hands-on exhibits, which allows the optimum learning experience.
Special attention is given to the highly nonlinear nature of the governing flow equation.
Special attention is given to the history and development of the major concepts of the field.
Special attention is given to the human figure.
Special attention is given to the ideas, philosophy, and influence of leading figures of the period.
Special attention is given to the imaginative and creative uses of line, tone, texture, and color.
Special attention is given to the implications for biological psychology.
Special attention is given to the implications for education.
Special attention is given to the importance of a workable planning and implementation timeline.
Special attention is given to the importance of both oral and written communication skills.
Special attention is given to the indicated preferences.
Special attention is given to the individual feathers to accentuate the detail.
Special attention is given to the integration of business concepts and strategies.
Special attention is given to the integration of business concepts.
Special attention is given to the integration of learning objectives and training methodologies.
Special attention is given to the integration of values and vision into leadership style.
Special attention is given to the interaction among personality and social and group factors.
Special attention is given to the interaction among the three branches of government.
Special attention is given to the interaction of race, class, and gender in Southern women's lives.
Special attention is given to the interactionist perspective.
Special attention is given to the interpretation and evaluation of communication texts.
Special attention is given to the investment process and the criteria for investment decisions.
Special attention is given to the Islamic heritage and to the Arab-Israeli conflicts.
Special attention is given to the iterative nature of the design process.
Special attention is given to the lag-choosing process.
Special attention is given to the language of instruction.
Special attention is given to the least developed nations of Asia, Africa and South America.
Special attention is given to the legal ramifications of the parent-child relationship.
Special attention is given to the leisure service managers role in marketing recreation.
Special attention is given to the linguistic principles that underlie that sound system.
Special attention is given to the local level.
Special attention is given to the location of soffit ventilation.
Special attention is given to the magnetic properties of magnetite.
Special attention is given to the main operator and back ups.
Special attention is given to the major components of the criminal justice system.
Special attention is given to the making of puppets and the creation of scripts.
Special attention is given to the making, ornamentation and reading of the scroll.
Special attention is given to the marine ecosystem.
Special attention is given to the mathematical treatment of data.
Special attention is given to the meaning of sacraments for our time.
Special attention is given to the mechanisms by which metabolic processes are regulated.
Special attention is given to the mechanisms of behavior and the evolutionary context of behavior.
Special attention is given to the mechanisms of reactions.
Special attention is given to the medically compromised patient.
Special attention is given to the methods of tuning.
Special attention is given to the mind, body, and soul.
Special attention is given to the mouth, fangs and eyes.
Special attention is given to the nature and function of parables.
Special attention is given to the nature of citizenship in multicultural and multilingual Canada.
Special attention is given to the nature of tragedy.
Special attention is given to the needs of beginner campers.
Special attention is given to the needs of children from low income families.
Special attention is given to the needs of endangered and threatened species.
Special attention is given to the needs of young adults, both single and married.
Special attention is given to the normal sequence of steps in the exegetical process.
Special attention is given to the nutrients phosphorus, magnesium and zinc.
Special attention is given to the over-involved parent.
Special attention is given to the personal development of college students.
Special attention is given to the perspective of immigrants, ethnic communities and organizations.
Special attention is given to the physical, cultural and economic geography of the two countries.
Special attention is given to the picaresque hero or heroine.
Special attention is given to the placing of stress on certain words.
Special attention is given to the playing of hymns and the Protestant church service in general.
Special attention is given to the politics and policy problems confronting American cities.
Special attention is given to the possiblities which Internet offers for tracing information.
Special attention is given to the post-modern family.
Special attention is given to the prevention of pollution and protection of the environment.
Special attention is given to the price determination processes.
Special attention is given to the principles and methods involved.
Special attention is given to the principles and programme of PAOC missions.
Special attention is given to the problem of metal fabrication as needed in non fine arts fields.
Special attention is given to the problems of adolescent faith development.
Special attention is given to the problems of experimenter bias and ethics.
Special attention is given to the problems of testing minority groups.
Special attention is given to the process of policy analysis and implementation.
Special attention is given to the proper use and care of tools and equipment.
Special attention is given to the prospective futures of South Korea, China, Korea, and Japan.
Special attention is given to the protection and enhancement of habitat for Idaho's native fish.
Special attention is given to the psycho-social and educational needs of exceptional individuals.
Special attention is given to the purpose, models, reforms and key factors involved.
Special attention is given to the radical democratic and feminist struggles in both societies.
Special attention is given to the recovery successions of microorganisms.
Special attention is given to the recreational and social needs of different age groups.
Special attention is given to the recurrence of biblical themes in modern Hebrew writing.
Special attention is given to the regional geography of Asia, Africa and South America.
Special attention is given to the relation between polity, politics, leadership and church life.
Special attention is given to the relationship between sexuality, impotence, and power.
Special attention is given to the relationship between the artist and society.
Special attention is given to the relationship of music to American society.
Special attention is given to the relevance of theory to sociological practice.
Special attention is given to the religious, philosophical, and psychological aspects of the text.
Special attention is given to the rendering of Indian melodic ornamentation on western instruments.
Special attention is given to the research and theoretical bases underpinning curricula.
Special attention is given to the residents' food preferences and to doctor-prescribed diets.
Special attention is given to the resolved virtual photon component.
Special attention is given to the rights and responsibilities of the media.
Special attention is given to the ring of integers.
Special attention is given to the rise of modern corporations.
Special attention is given to the rising problems of urban government and regional planning.
Special attention is given to the role of a career executive in the public political environment.
Special attention is given to the role of an executive in the public political environment.
Special attention is given to the role of carbon in the manufacture of nylon and rayon.
Special attention is given to the role of chance errors on the accuracy of the results.
Special attention is given to the role of disturbance, both natural and anthropogenic.
Special attention is given to the role of government fiscal and monetary policy.
Special attention is given to the role of ideas in the policy process, particularly ethical ideas.
Special attention is given to the role of market psychology in financial markets.
Special attention is given to the role of marriage and of gender relations in family life.
Special attention is given to the role of social norms in generating and controlling deviance.
Special attention is given to the role of the church and the emerging theologies.
Special attention is given to the role of the family in one's faith development.
Special attention is given to the role of the family members and caregivers.
Special attention is given to the role of the ordinary person.
Special attention is given to the role of the two-year community college.
Special attention is given to the role of women in the Bible and to issues of justice and peace.
Special attention is given to the roles of kinship maintenance and gender socialization.
Special attention is given to the roles of silence, complicity, and personal responsibility.
Special attention is given to the rubber and steel industries.
Special attention is given to the rural west and Montana.
Special attention is given to the scalp, hands and feet.
Special attention is given to the selection of corporate stationery, invitations, and gifts.
Special attention is given to the self-concept, forgiveness and suffering.
Special attention is given to the semantic and syntactic variations of many idioms.
Special attention is given to the significance of human diversity for interpersonal helping.
Special attention is given to the significance of the Jeffersonian buildings at UVa.
Special attention is given to the social, psychological, and historical content of folk tradition.
Special attention is given to the social, psychological, and historical contests of folk tradition.
Special attention is given to the solution near the free surface.
Special attention is given to the spiritual power of the aesthetic experience.
Special attention is given to the state of Alabama.
Special attention is given to the statistical treatment and analysis of data.
Special attention is given to the study and use of macros within the worksheet.
Special attention is given to the study of multi-ethnic literature.
Special attention is given to the study of strategic behavior in industry.
Special attention is given to the study of the classical theorists in the study of religion.
Special attention is given to the successful completion of the steps of a sale.
Special attention is given to the Swedish gender model, refugee policies and ethnic pluralism.
Special attention is given to the techniques and skills required to build and direct teams.
Special attention is given to the tension between elite and democratic forms of decision making.
Special attention is given to the tensions between moral ideals and business pressures.
Special attention is given to the theology of the epistles on the basis of the original text.
Special attention is given to the three levels of treatment employed by practitioners.
Special attention is given to the topic of stress in the aviation environment.
Special attention is given to the topics of play and fine arts.
Special attention is given to the topics of safety, nutrition, and the environment.
Special attention is given to the training of Romani women.
Special attention is given to the training of the future manager for international trade.
Special attention is given to the treatment of disruptive and conduct-disordered children.
Special attention is given to the Tuscan tradition.
Special attention is given to the twentieth century.
Special attention is given to the types as a whole as they coexist in each person.
Special attention is given to the UK and other parts of Europe.
Special attention is given to the undertaker who has invented a special cremation lunch.
Special attention is given to the Uniform Probate Code.
Special attention is given to the unique architectural details of the structure.
Special attention is given to the unique requirements of human subjects.
Special attention is given to the universal structure and principles that underlie the sentence.
Special attention is given to the use of behavioral technology in the classroom.
Special attention is given to the use of color theory.
Special attention is given to the use of cross-cultural information in the international markets.
Special attention is given to the use of current specifications for design and construction.
Special attention is given to the use of media and computers.
Special attention is given to the use of photography as an aid to news presentation.
Special attention is given to the use of steroids.
Special attention is given to the various phonetic shapes that words can have.
Special attention is given to the ways in which drug use can mimic psychiatric syndromes.
Special attention is given to the work of contemporary feminist theologians.
Special attention is given to the writing of batch files and hard disk drive utility programs.
Special attention is given to the writing of short stories - with a full module devoted to it.
Special attention is given to the writings of the one in question.
Special attention is given to theological implications.
Special attention is given to theoretical framework at each level.
Special attention is given to theories of mass communication and the medium of television.
Special attention is given to theory and practice of managerial finance in multinational firms.
Special attention is given to therapeutic recreation intervention for specific disability groups.
Special attention is given to tone, voice, and imagery and to theories of reporting.
Special attention is given to topic sentences, transition, organization, and the thesis statement.
Special attention is given to topics related to the environmental sciences.
Special attention is given to tournament information for the Chilean national team.
Special attention is given to track related skills.
Special attention is given to transnational computer crimes.
Special attention is given to trophies and commemorative pieces.
Special attention is given to types, applications and equity aspects of taxation.
Special attention is given to typical errors and sources of conceptual difficulty.
Special attention is given to U.S. military bases in the region.
Special attention is given to U.S. social policy.
Special attention is given to understanding oneself, especially as it relates to helping.
Special attention is given to understanding specifications and evaluation of components.
Special attention is given to understanding the role and importance of live theater in society.
Special attention is given to universal structure and principles that occur across languages.
Special attention is given to use of safety precautions during troubleshooting.
Special attention is given to using the cursor to apply changes to many records one at a time.
Special attention is given to values and images portrayed by the mass media.
Special attention is given to variations by race, ethnicity, and class.
Special attention is given to various topics relevant to a specific subtitle.
Special attention is given to verb and clause syntax, and to development of exegetical skills.
Special attention is given to verbal behavior and language.
Special attention is given to violent crime, homicide, and rape.
Special attention is given to vocabulary acquisition.
Special attention is given to War in Vietnam and to nuclear arms race and arms control.
Special attention is given to water resources in cultural context.
Special attention is given to ways in which environmental problems are dealt with by society.
Special attention is given to West and East Germany, France, and Japan in the postwar period.
Special attention is given to white-collar crime.
Special attention is given to women and children living overseas.
Special attention is given to women in jail and in prison.
Special attention is given to word problems.
Special attention is given to work among Hispanic, African-American, and Asian communities.
Special attention is given to work in collections at Spanish museums.
Special attention is given to workers with special needs.
Special attention is given to working with difficult situations.
Special attention is given to working with Hispanic population and senior citizens.
Special attention is given to works that address cultural interaction and conflict between races.
Special attention is given to written communication and Internet-based learning.
Special attention is given to young men with known gang affiliations.
Special attention is given to young scholars.
Special attention is given, as needed, to AAs with depressive or other emotional disorders.
Special attention is given, where appropriate, to the Australian context.
Special attention is made to details and quality of each item.
Special attention is made to present and analyze sustainable food crop production systems.
Special attention is made to schools, day care facilities, restaurants and residential care homes.
Special attention is made to the restoration of vintage fins.
Special attention is necessary for all rowids being imported.
Special attention is needed for secondhand devices.
Special attention is needed for the refractory systems to maximize their life cycles.
Special attention is needed to assure a resolution contains the desired wording.
Special attention is needed to identify and treat secondary disabilities.
Special attention is on speed, accuracy, production, style, and forms in medical use.
Special attention is on the impact of the increasing density of the marker map.
Special attention is paid jobseekers with reduced working capacity.
Special attention is paid on a few interesting architectures such as mesh and hypercube.
Special attention is paid on the effect of the micro scale of flow.
Special attention is paid on violations committed with the aim of personal material gain.
Special attention is paid throughout the course to the subject of measurement accuracy and validity.
Special attention is paid to actual problem for biology and medicine.
Special attention is paid to analysis of schoolbooks on history.
Special attention is paid to angles, lighting, sound quality, as well as content.
Special attention is paid to any limitations on the usual precepts of medical confidentiality.
Special attention is paid to applications in machine translation.
Special attention is paid to applications of the various ideas explored.
Special attention is paid to applied informatics.
Special attention is paid to Asia and developing countries.
Special attention is paid to aspects of environmental protection.
Special attention is paid to balance, honing, and temper.
Special attention is paid to ballistic transport.
Special attention is paid to bedsores, sudden weight loss, and dehydration.
Special attention is paid to bike racks to deter vandalism.
Special attention is paid to chemical variation of lichens.
Special attention is paid to children's individual learning styles, self-expression, and creativity.
Special attention is paid to choral phrasing and interpretation.
Special attention is paid to class, ethnic, and geographic distinctions among women in the period.
Special attention is paid to completion of general education requirements.
Special attention is paid to complex and ill-structured game situations and their formal treatments.
Special attention is paid to complex or ill-structured situations.
Special attention is paid to consensus decision making and problem resolution.
Special attention is paid to contemporary netsuke.
Special attention is paid to control measures including chemical and biological means.
Special attention is paid to convenient category browsing.
Special attention is paid to cost-benefit analysis and models of economic behavior.
Special attention is paid to counters, registers, encoders, decoders, and digital applications.
Special attention is paid to course and faculty quality, content, and delivery.
Special attention is paid to cultural diversity.
Special attention is paid to current debates in theory of genre.
Special attention is paid to current practices in the criminal justice system.
Special attention is paid to day care workers.
Special attention is paid to designing and implementing a successful technology training program.
Special attention is paid to details while the cutting belt carves away the basalt stone.
Special attention is paid to developing journalists' interviewing skills.
Special attention is paid to developing oral and writing skills.
Special attention is paid to developing sensitivity to register and accuracy in expression.
Special attention is paid to development and oral histology.
Special attention is paid to developmental policies.
Special attention is paid to diet, with an emphasis on whole and fresh food.
Special attention is paid to disadvantaged regions and underserved population segments.
Special attention is paid to discussion of the problems of research presented by participants.
Special attention is paid to display of floral products.
Special attention is paid to dissipative, energy-preserving and conservative systems.
Special attention is paid to drug labs on remote farms and ranches.
Special attention is paid to dynamic behaviour and statistical diagnostic testing.
Special attention is paid to each voice part to help each section learn the music.
Special attention is paid to easy navigation on the site.
Special attention is paid to efficiency in every module.
Special attention is paid to ethical considerations.
Special attention is paid to feminist spirituality.
Special attention is paid to finding guests the accommodations they are looking for.
Special attention is paid to fish and mammals of New York State.
Special attention is paid to functional status and possible recurrence of tumor.
Special attention is paid to gilded and painted decoration.
Special attention is paid to gravitational charge and positrons .
Special attention is paid to group interactions.
Special attention is paid to habitat requirements and current threats to survival.
Special attention is paid to healthful preparations, and most dishes come low in oil and salt.
Special attention is paid to high efficiency, straightforward operation and low weight.
Special attention is paid to hills, curves, and intersections.
Special attention is paid to historical and contemporary American social movements.
Special attention is paid to historical and cultural settings.
Special attention is paid to human rights reporting and eradication of violence against women.
Special attention is paid to imparting communication skills.
Special attention is paid to improving Spanish speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Special attention is paid to indigenous forms of education such as oral tradition.
Special attention is paid to indigenous genetic sources.
Special attention is paid to individual needs as in all our schools.
Special attention is paid to individual needs when it comes to postoperative discomfort.
Special attention is paid to informatics, accounting, and to general knowledge of forest management.
Special attention is paid to information and prevention of spread of the disease.
Special attention is paid to informing students about current research approaches.
Special attention is paid to innovative programs that empower people to help themselves.
Special attention is paid to international economic relations.
Special attention is paid to international transportation.
Special attention is paid to interviewing skills.
Special attention is paid to issues associated with global supply chains.
Special attention is paid to issues of media storage, size, quality, and file format.
Special attention is paid to layers and features .
Special attention is paid to legislative history and administrative law research.
Special attention is paid to levels of narration and the role of the reader.
Special attention is paid to linguistic problems in research in student's major area of study.
Special attention is paid to linking with local information.
Special attention is paid to literature and culture.
Special attention is paid to local modifications.
Special attention is paid to local problems.
Special attention is paid to managing customer relationships.
Special attention is paid to marks in mathematics and physics.
Special attention is paid to measuring, records and statistics of energy production and consumption.
Special attention is paid to memes in written modern English.
Special attention is paid to methodology.
Special attention is paid to model selection criteria.
Special attention is paid to models of development in autistic children.
Special attention is paid to motion modeling.
Special attention is paid to musical developments with related developments in other arts.
Special attention is paid to navigation and consistent page layout.
Special attention is paid to network structure, and internal and external routing.
Special attention is paid to one facility infrastructure cost games.
Special attention is paid to our roots in Western culture and the blending with other cultures.
Special attention is paid to outsourcing in the commercial market.
Special attention is paid to overcoming troublesome pitfalls in syntax for the non-heritage student.
Special attention is paid to per se morpheme analysis.
Special attention is paid to personnel administration and administrative ethics and law.
Special attention is paid to planning and decision-making.
Special attention is paid to possible scenarios, and practical preparedness steps to take.
Special attention is paid to preventative programs, such as anti-stress courses.
Special attention is paid to production problems regarding production of gears and gearboxes.
Special attention is paid to promoting young scientists.
Special attention is paid to questions of race, gender, social class, and international relations.
Special attention is paid to questions of youth development and marginalization, esp.
Special attention is paid to rasping the heel area clean.
Special attention is paid to reading and discussing the classic literature in the field.
Special attention is paid to real-time applications using digital maps.
Special attention is paid to real-world problems that arise in business and economics.
Special attention is paid to recent economic life in Turkey.
Special attention is paid to recent executions.
Special attention is paid to reform efforts and their effectiveness.
Special attention is paid to royal infants and their playmates.
Special attention is paid to sample size determination for planning different kinds of studies.
Special attention is paid to samples drawn from contemporary American newspapers and magazines.
Special attention is paid to selected problems each semester.
Special attention is paid to selecting the healthiest foods for optimal fitness performance.
Special attention is paid to sequences of independent random variables having finite variances.
Special attention is paid to sexual offending and personality disorders like psychopathy.
Special attention is paid to singles, honeymooners and spa services.
Special attention is paid to small details, and as many scenarios are anticipated as possible.
Special attention is paid to social themes.
Special attention is paid to spirituality, gender, and identity motifs in the literature.
Special attention is paid to sprinkler control valves to be sure that they are fully open.
Special attention is paid to stereoselectivity problems as well as asymmetric synthesis.
Special attention is paid to stocks, bonds, dividends, and options.
Special attention is paid to strategies for Asia.
Special attention is paid to stress management, fitness, and diet.
Special attention is paid to students who come from homes in which a non-English language is spoken.
Special attention is paid to suggestions that have been made to incorporate parameter uncertainty.
Special attention is paid to systems and schools of psychology.
Special attention is paid to tax systems used in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. .
Special attention is paid to techniques on how to effectively communicate the new knowledge.
Special attention is paid to techniques on how to effectively communicate their new knowledge.
Special attention is paid to tectonic and biological history.
Special attention is paid to the Aboriginal languages of Western Australia.
Special attention is paid to the acquisition and active use of pertinent vocabulary.
Special attention is paid to the advisability of placing tax debt on a credit card.
Special attention is paid to the age and skill level of each camper.
Special attention is paid to the analysis of experimental methods of generation of fractal clusters.
Special attention is paid to the applicability of each procedure.
Special attention is paid to the areas of interference between the two languages.
Special attention is paid to the avian and mammalian morphogenesis.
Special attention is paid to the bilingual province of Friesland.
Special attention is paid to the bombardment of dMe atmospheres by particle beams.
Special attention is paid to the calculation of the ionic microfield distribution function.
Special attention is paid to the Canadian economic dilemma.
Special attention is paid to the carbocation intermediates of strong acid-catalyzed reactions.
Special attention is paid to the case of a weakly singular kernel.
Special attention is paid to the Civil War as a major event in the development of the country.
Special attention is paid to the concept of a system of household formation.
Special attention is paid to the concept of proof, and different kinds of proofs are examined.
Special attention is paid to the concept of validity and the appropriate way to think about it.
Special attention is paid to the condition of the patient's tongue and urine.
Special attention is paid to the conduct and impact of fiscal, monetary, and trade policy.
Special attention is paid to the conflict between traditional and modern cultures.
Special attention is paid to the construction and styling of frames to reduce chances of breakage.
Special attention is paid to the construction of the reactor core and the form of the fission fuel.
Special attention is paid to the convective part of the equations.
Special attention is paid to the country's evolution in the post-Mao era.
Special attention is paid to the cultural milieu.
Special attention is paid to the cultures from which they have emerged.
Special attention is paid to the data protection legislation.
Special attention is paid to the deaths of two children.
Special attention is paid to the decimeter and meter wavelength band.
Special attention is paid to the degeneration of the trotskyite movement.
Special attention is paid to the Denver metropolitan area.
Special attention is paid to the designs and methods of marketing research.
Special attention is paid to the development of Christian doctrine, practice and institutions.
Special attention is paid to the development of home-brew decals and lettering.
Special attention is paid to the development of textiles in the d Industrial Region.
Special attention is paid to the development of the British and American branches of the genre.
Special attention is paid to the development technical skills of the player.
Special attention is paid to the digital rectal exam and to the neurological exam.
Special attention is paid to the early grades.
Special attention is paid to the effect of deformation rate.
Special attention is paid to the effect of grazing on the vegetation.
Special attention is paid to the elders' opinions.
Special attention is paid to the electrochemical background of electrode potentials and impedances.
Special attention is paid to the energy use of buildings.
Special attention is paid to the essay and letters of recommendation.
Special attention is paid to the establishment and management of protected areas.
Special attention is paid to the evaluation of classroom techniques and materials.
Special attention is paid to the experiment site, equipment and available project results.
Special attention is paid to the genital areas and groin.
Special attention is paid to the giant resonance at small radii.
Special attention is paid to the handling of disturbances and exceptions.
Special attention is paid to the harmony of wine and food, sometimes offering quite a challenge.
Special attention is paid to the health status of women and children.
Special attention is paid to the heavy metal content of the raw materials.
Special attention is paid to the historical depth of the language through etymology.
Special attention is paid to the historical depth of the language through instruction in etymology.
Special attention is paid to the houses of the recently deceased.
Special attention is paid to the impact of changing societal values on family life.
Special attention is paid to the impact of ethnicity on development.
Special attention is paid to the impact of science and technology upon modern civilization.
Special attention is paid to the impact of society on self.
Special attention is paid to the impact on system resources and memory.
Special attention is paid to the individuality of each student.
Special attention is paid to the individual's relationship to the community.
Special attention is paid to the influence of heave rate and water intake rate.
Special attention is paid to the influence of myth, religion, historiography and ethical biography.
Special attention is paid to the integration of emerging technologies.
Special attention is paid to the intergenerational distributional aspects.
Special attention is paid to the internal and the external society.
Special attention is paid to the interpretation and presentation of results.
Special attention is paid to the interpretation of symbols in art.
Special attention is paid to the interrelated concepts of eternity and necessity.
Special attention is paid to the intersections of race, class and gender.
Special attention is paid to the involvement of western aid organisations.
Special attention is paid to the issue of quality.
Special attention is paid to the learning problem.
Special attention is paid to the links between globalisation, migration and development.
Special attention is paid to the literature and thought of the period.
Special attention is paid to the local species.
Special attention is paid to the Macedonian literature for children.
Special attention is paid to the mass market category, which is examined by resolution.
Special attention is paid to the methods and techniques of policy evaluation.
Special attention is paid to the methods of program evaluation.
Special attention is paid to the morphosyntactic dimension.
Special attention is paid to the novel as a popular art form in aesthetic and social terms.
Special attention is paid to the offseason component of the athlete's school year.
Special attention is paid to the performance of partially submerged propellers.
Special attention is paid to the phenomenon of self-focusing and wave collapse.
Special attention is paid to the physical and bioenergetic demands of the sport.
Special attention is paid to the plane strain and plane stress.
Special attention is paid to the political and economic system of feudalism.
Special attention is paid to the POPs in the tombs.
Special attention is paid to the possibilities for and limitations of government intervention.
Special attention is paid to the practical and theoretical concerns over the coming of sound.
Special attention is paid to the presence of endemic species on any island or group of islands.
Special attention is paid to the present day situation in the Balkans.
Special attention is paid to the preservation and conscientious framing of works of art on paper.
Special attention is paid to the problem of controlling and synchronizing chaos.
Special attention is paid to the problem of electron correlation.
Special attention is paid to the problem of phase ambiguity and phase convention.
Special attention is paid to the problem of undervaluation of forest products and services.
Special attention is paid to the problems of safeguarding individual rights.
Special attention is paid to the process of design.
Special attention is paid to the production of medical cosmetic devices based on our own patent.
Special attention is paid to the protection of natural areas, resource recovery, and solid waste.
Special attention is paid to the protection of the river dolphin which is threatened by extinction.
Special attention is paid to the public relations aspect of the tours.
Special attention is paid to the quality and freshness that customers expect and deserve.
Special attention is paid to the quality of the print.
Special attention is paid to the rate of placement among infants.
Special attention is paid to the recent interest in alternative medicine and holistic healing.
Special attention is paid to the relation between religious faith and knowledge.
Special attention is paid to the relations between the four types which are basic to that theory.
Special attention is paid to the relationship between education and work in Japan and Australia.
Special attention is paid to the relationship between Latin America and the United States.
Special attention is paid to the relationship between philosophy and science.
Special attention is paid to the relationship between race, class, and gender.
Special attention is paid to the relationship of behavioural ecology to modern evolutionary studies.
Special attention is paid to the relationship of music to broader cultural and historical trends.
Special attention is paid to the residence halls, lobby areas and parking lots around campus.
Special attention is paid to the role of diplomacy in promoting cooperation.
Special attention is paid to the role of masculinity in systems of gender inequality.
Special attention is paid to the role of racism in theories of crime and in American law.
Special attention is paid to the role of the government sector in the economy.
Special attention is paid to the role of the Internet in enabling new business models.
Special attention is paid to the role of the professional in death education.
Special attention is paid to the roles played by computer technologies.
Special attention is paid to the sales tax responsibilities of small businesses.
Special attention is paid to the significance of social and legitimation strategies.
Special attention is paid to the situation of dual-earner families.
Special attention is paid to the sky.
Special attention is paid to the social and cultural contexts in which development occurs.
Special attention is paid to the social protection of servicemen and members of their families.
Special attention is paid to the spatial structure of uncertainty in both data sources.
Special attention is paid to the Statement of Purpose.
Special attention is paid to the strategies employed by women to achieve power.
Special attention is paid to the study of the middle-eccentricity depleted region.
Special attention is paid to the task of ethical discernment in the shaping of Christian worship.
Special attention is paid to the tension between the West and the rest of the world.
Special attention is paid to the thematic side of the output.
Special attention is paid to the theology underlying each rite.
Special attention is paid to the time and space complexity of the related algorithms.
Special attention is paid to the titles indexed in leading legal periodical indexes.
Special attention is paid to the United States.
Special attention is paid to the use and nurture of lay leadership.
Special attention is paid to the use of binary variables.
Special attention is paid to the various applied transducers and biosensors.
Special attention is paid to the way the symbolism changes over the course of the story.
Special attention is paid to their effect on social, political and religious institutions.
Special attention is paid to their medical, emotional, and educational needs.
Special attention is paid to theoretical and bibliographic issues.
Special attention is paid to thermal and physical security requirements.
Special attention is paid to tone, voice, and imagery, and to theories of reporting.
Special attention is paid to topological genericity.
Special attention is paid to trading costs to reduce the erosion on overall portfolio performance.
Special attention is paid to transaction boundaries and the problem of maintaining state on the Web.
Special attention is paid to transitional states and developing countries.
Special attention is paid to transuranium elements and their migration in different ecosystems.
Special attention is paid to tropospheric ozone.
Special attention is paid to U.S. aggression against Iraq.
Special attention is paid to U.S. trade policy and economic integration.
Special attention is paid to U.S. trade policy, multinational corporation, and economic integration.
Special attention is paid to underlying accounting theory.
Special attention is paid to unique forms of management and business organizations.
Special attention is paid to urban development policies and design issues.
Special attention is paid to use of new technologies in and outside of the classroom.
Special attention is paid to various hypotheses of remote relations of the families.
Special attention is paid to various syntheses of African and European traditions.
Special attention is paid to violence affecting college students.
Special attention is paid to vocabulary expansion and enrichment and improvement of writing skills.
Special attention is paid to water temperatures, laundry rooms, and ice machines.
Special attention is paid to ways of identifying a problem and helping a colleague.
Special attention is paid to ways to gain exposure to the expanding theatrical world of Seattle.
Special attention is paid to Western Canadian activity.
Special attention is paid to whether the infant has met the normal developmental milestones.
Special attention is paid to women's political, economic, and social empowerment.
Special attention is paid to young mathematicians for which various competitions are organized.
Special attention is paid to ziggurats and pyramids.
Special attention is paid upon central extensions of groups.
Special attention is payed to data treatment.
Special attention is payed to service and maintenance.
Special attention is place on human genetics including research and applications.
Special attention is placed on applications of the research to classroom learning.
Special attention is placed on assessing competence among persons with speech and language deficits.
Special attention is placed on basic concepts of group singing and voice production.
Special attention is placed on equal access of all students to rigorous educational experiences.
Special attention is placed on evaluations through practical exercises.
Special attention is placed on former female child soldiers.
Special attention is placed on human genetics including research and applications.
Special attention is placed on long-range operational planning and control.
Special attention is placed on maintaining the safety and liveness properties of the specification.
Special attention is placed on making healthy food choices when dining out.
Special attention is placed on outreach to and participation of parents in the total school program.
Special attention is placed on requiring form fields and check for valid zip code.
Special attention is placed on textual analysis.
Special attention is placed on the cutting edge technology.
Special attention is placed on the importance of culture in doing business globally.
Special attention is placed on the national security establishment.
Special attention is placed on the planning and directing of an organization s marketing effort.
Special attention is placed on the relationship between France and Europe.
Special attention is placed on the skills essential to the entry-level technician.
Special attention is placed on the types of hazards that poise the most serious risks to humans.
Special attention is placed upon a multitude of shapes and designs of roll doughs.
Special attention is placed upon civic responsibility and integrity in public service.
Special attention is presented for preparing financial statements for a partnership.
Special attention is provided each child and each unique personality.
Special attention is provided on passing numeric variables by reference versus by value.
Special attention is provided to the victim families while an inmate is on escape status.
Special attention is provided to victims during the time the offender is on escape status.
Special attention is put on the problem of Malmquist bias.
Special attention is required for toddlers.
Special attention is required in darkness.
Special attention is required in order to share previous experiences with current members.
Special attention is spent the symmetry conservation along equilibrial paths and symmetry-breaking.
Special attention is taken at bud time, making sure the buds are clean.
Special attention is taken to insure the delicate tips remain unbroken.
Special attention is, however, given to applied research and technological development.
Special attention needs to be applied to women s items.
Special attention needs to be focused on youth contributions to public life.
Special attention needs to be given especially when cornering.
Special attention needs to be given to correcting for atmospheric features.
Special attention needs to be given to surrounding areas.
Special attention needs to be given to the environmental depredations of global corporations.
Special attention needs to be given to the youth, the family, and women.
Special attention needs to be paid in order to discriminate aircraft from genuine lights.
Special attention needs to be paid to instruction for middle and low-achieving students.
Special attention needs to be paid to practical training of the soldier, sergeant, and officer.
Special attention needs to be paid to privacy, security and consumer protection online.
Special attention needs to be paid to the child on anticonvulsant drugs.
Special attention needs to be paid to tool design and lubricant use.
Special attention needs to be paid urgently to aquatic tenrecs.
Special attention needs to be placed on the adjustment needs of dependents who accompany students.
Special attention needs to be placed on the most appropriate unit of analysis.
Special attention needs to be provided for undecided majors.
Some special attention is given to the history of California.
Special authorisation is required for access to restricted services.
Special authorisation is required for the importation of firearms.
Special authorization is required for non-majors.
Special award can be very substantial.
Special awards apply to faculty in their first three years of a tenure-track appointment.
Special awards can be plaques, certificates, money, or other prizes.
Special awards given at the varsity level include captain, most valuable player, and most improved.
Special awards given at the varsity level include captain, most valuable, and most improved.
Special awards go to people who encourage other people to join.
All special babies have problems.
Special backups become a breeze to handle or to keep for auditing purposes.
Special ballasts are available for low and high temperature applications.
Special ballots are available in Braille or tactile, or other accessible format.
Special banners are available for a limited time only.
Special banners are available for targeted groups, by feature, and column of articles.
Special basins collect silt and debris to prevent clogging.
Special battery restraints for shipping to protect system and avoid any internal damage.
Special beings do indeed inhabit our universe.
Special benefits accrue to major donors.
Special benefits apply to an employee who was eligible for retirement at the time of death.
Special benefits apply to mental health care and physical and speech therapy.
Special benefits are available for archers.
Special benefits arise from the peculiar relation of the land to the public improvement.
Special bills hurdle committees.
Special binding allows for easy photcopying for classroom use.
Special blood thinning medications are necessary with stent angioplasty.
Special bolts are available with a pin indicator built into the head.
Special bonds form between people who learn, work and play together.
Special bonds involve obligation.
Most special bonds involve obligation.
Special bonus offers.
Special book draw each month.
Special book touches our immigrant past . . .
Special booklet offers contact telephones and other information about the companies.
Special botanicals work to invigorate tired looking skin.
Special bras provide just a temporary illusion.
Special brackets have a steel core that adds strength and durability.
Special brakes allow two trains to be on the lift at the same time.
Special breaks are a staple of college life.
Special breaks are available throughout the year at our family run hotel.
Special breaks are available.
Special breathing is also important.
Some special breweries blend several kinds of koji .
Special bristles are just the right stiffness to really clean the cover - without damaging it.
Special broadcasts are usually better because the ttl's are set higher.
Special brochures are available for a taste of some of the exciting possibilities.
Special browsers running with voice recognition are downloadable from the Internet.
Special buildings are provided roller mangles, etc.
Special bulletins are also available for children.
Special bumpers retain the bale and keep it from shifting during the wrapping process.
Special buses are available for students with disabilities.
Special buses meet most arrivals.
Special business listing still applies to businesses that join at higher levels .
All special business is taken before the general membership for their vote and approval.
Special buttons allow for rapid entry of new descriptors.
Special buyers guide and shopping secrets for members only.
Special cabinets are available for storing flammable and combustible chemicals.
Special calculations are done .
Special calculations are done.
Special calibrations are available to change gear ratio and include some performance options.
Special cameras can also directly produce digital images.
Special cameras take a series of pictures of the heart during the scan.
Some special campaigns send the pitch directly to the web surfer.
Special Capabilities Add new skills quickly.
Special car controls for the physically disabled.
Special cars allow an individual to drive by using hand levers, instead of gas and brake pedals.
Special cards provide related information in verb tenses and other grammatical structures.
All special cards are in a seperate deck.
Most special cards are worth hanging onto, with a particular preference to the anti-missiles.
Special care has to be taken to achieve directional coarsening in highly stretched meshes.
Special care has to be taken to avoid image artifacts such as spatial or temporal aliasing.
Special care has to be taken to avoid runtime errors from attempts of pickling such objects.
Special care has to be taken when, ie, submitting batch jobs.
Special care is available for children with disabilities or complex medical problems.
Special care is available for housebound seniors.
Special care is critical on transparent finishes like varnished doors.
Special care is given by teachers to keep homework at a moderate level.
Special care is given to address special needs or concerns of each child.
Special care is given to an account of the peculiarities of Z schemas.
Special care is given to bio-mechanically correct techniques for lifting weights.
Special care is given to both orthopedic cases and severely burned children.
Special care is given to control large particles to provide smooth finishes.
Special care is given to each baby as it develops.
Special care is given to each child's uninhibited and spontaneous behavior toward the new language.
Special care is given to ensure that children and families are appropriately matched.
Special care is given to helping children develop language skills and positive social interactions.
Special care is given to insure a clean, easy to use look and fast display times.
Special care is given to keeping the brand look according to advertiser's specifications.
Special care is given to maintaining the natural ambience of the site with areas of open space.
Special care is given to meet the needs all our guests.
Special care is given to premature infants.
Special care is given to the calculation of the permuted twiddle factors.
Special care is given to understanding the origins and nature of the Vietnamese Revolution.
Special care is necessary for poinsettias.
Special care is necessary when turning corners and descending slopes.
Special care is necessary, therefore, to insure that the entire surface is coated with enamel.
Special care is needed and proper machinery required to effectively work on a cylinder block.
Special care is needed at crosswalks, near parked cars, and on uneven road surfaces.
Special care is needed at the corners where four field sheets join.
Special care is needed during drilling as the bit nears a formation containing oil and gas.
Special care is needed during showering, and swimming is often restricted.
Special care is needed for seeding, as the seedlings are weak and hard to establish.
Special care is needed for the person with mental retardation.
Special care is needed if the pipeline specification contains stages that .
Special care is needed in calculating the effective rate when irregular payments are involved.
Special care is needed in patients with lung tuberculosis and fungal and viral infections.
Special care is needed to avoid flue down-draughting resulting from the use of extract systems.
Special care is needed to avoid infection of the bleb.
Special care is needed to be sure the roots are clean and smooth.
Special care is needed to control contamination.
Special care is needed to handle SUVs safely.
Special care is needed when animals are breeding or molting.
Special care is needed when animals are breeding or moulting.
Special care is needed when introducing puppet activities to older children.
Special care is needed when measuring the clear opening of a doorway.
Special care is needed when the psalm being sung has an uneven number of verses.
Special care is prudent when disposing of expensive appliance boxes.
Special care is recommended when treating very young animals and older animals.
Special care is required at all stream crossings during road construction.
Special care is required for cleaning, repairing, or mounting oiled stones.
Special care is required if the area drains into a stream or wetland.
Special care is required in Diabetics, patients with peripheral vascular disease.
Special care is required on the part of health care workers handling chemotherapeutic agents.
Special care is required to maintain the effectiveness and appearance of the coatings.
Special care is required to produce blooms.
Special care is required when measuring the case temperature to ensure an accurate measurement.
Special care is required when one power supply is connected to more than one x-ray tube.
Special care is required when using Internet mailing lists, newsgroups, and chat rooms.
Special care is required when using specific therapeutic situations for reports and publication.
Special care is required.
Special care is taken at every stage to produce the highest quality coffee available anywhere.
Special care is taken during x-ray examinations to ensure maximum safety for the patient.
Special care is taken for nervous riders.
Special care is taken in bringing in diverse comedians.
Special care is taken in the examination of babies when there is a special risk factor.
Special care is taken in the preparation of the joint.
Special care is taken of all food and all garbage.
Special care is taken over the catering which is well renowned amongst the locals.
Special care is taken over the inclusion of message definitions and constraints.
Special care is taken that the model captures all possible actions of the intruder.
Special care is taken to avoid an excessively pulled, mask-like appearance.
Special care is taken to avoid conflicts of interest in the review process.
Special care is taken to clean carpets, cushions, cupboards, and bathrooms.
Special care is taken to conduct interviews and exams without traumatizing the child.
Special care is taken to deconstruct the commercials, possibly the worst of all time.
Special care is taken to ensure a finer mesh in critical areas.
Special care is taken to ensure the quality of original entries.
Special care is taken to exclude hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen, which make the metal brittle.
Special care is taken to have absolute minimal impact to the building occupants.
Special care is taken to include a person's religious beliefs.
Special care is taken to insure that the interface meets the guidelines for impaired users.
Special care is taken to keep maintenance requirements to a minimum.
Special care is taken to make certain that homebound members feel included in our parish family.
Special care is taken to match children with the most appropriate respite family.
Special care is taken to portray the citizens of El Dorado as peaceful.
Special care is taken to preserve our living forest.
Special care is taken to protect endangered and threatened species that use the Refuge.
Special care is taken to protect furniture, flooring, and personal items.
Special care is taken to protect proprietary information.
Special care is taken to protect the environment, the performers and the audience.
Special care is taken to reduce mechanical resonance and jitter.
Special care is taken to reduce stress caused by fear of water.
Special care is taken to reduce X-ray exposure.
Special care is taken to remove the vitreous that is still attached around the macular area.
Special care is taken to see that each club is assembled with precision.
Special care is taken to see that each custom golf club is assembled with care and precision.
Special care is taken to select items.
Special care is taken to send qualified personnel.
Special care is taken to serve flavorful and appetizing foods.
Special care is taken when harvesting and processing soybeans and field beans used for seed.
Special care is taken when pesticides are applied in operating rooms and labs.
Special care is taken when sitting and crossing the legs to avoid any embarassing display.
Special care is taken with packing for export.
Special care is taken with the idealized proportions of deities and gurus.
Special care needs to be exercised when it is proposed that a facility be named after a person.
Special care needs to be given to bitches that are to be or have been bred.
Special care needs to be given to the physical locations of employees.
Special care needs to be given when removing paint from old veneer.
Special care needs to be taken here.
Special care needs to be taken to encrypt information .
Special care needs to be taken to encrypt information.
Special care needs to be taken when choosing video cards.
Special care needs to be taken when using markers for white boards to avoid permanent stains.
Special care needs to be taken when using the Subject field.
Special care needs to be taken while stacking.
Special care needs to be taken with combinations across levels which are common.
Special care needs to be taken with money, as it is untraceable.
Special care needs to be taken with risky foods.
Special care needs to be taken with the forecast reports.
Special care needs.
Special case applies to fitting points by circle.
Special case applies to fitting points by sphere.
Special case is imaginable by brain.
Special case is thermo-gravitation propulsion technologies.
Special cases are all biterminal, i.e., having both beginning and ending.
Special cases are always tricky.
Special cases are the province of adults generically and experts specifically.
Special cases can be subject to negotiations.
Special cases exist when comparing open and shorted circuits.
Some special cases are worth noting.
Some special cases illustrate the use of the equation.
Some special cases involve collisions.
Special castors mean that door thresholds can be easily negotiated.
Special categories are below.
Special catering is available for groups.
Special caution is necessary when the engine is running.
Special caution is needed around wells with cracked casings.
Special caution is recommended for young children.
Special caution is required.
Special caution is urged when in the vicinity of hiking trails.
Special celebrations are in order.
Special celebrations deserve a very special gift.
Special celebrations take place throughout the year, and bingo is offered four times a week.
Special cells add cost faster than they add useable life to the system.
Special cells help to take the food out of the water.
Special cells line the inside of the nose.
Special cells manufacture proteins, such as keratin, that make up the hair.
Special cells receive stimuli and make appropriate responses.
Special cells receive the signals and make appropriate responses.
Special cells secrete the substances needed to form supportive or protective tissue.
Some special cements resist cracking even if spread very thinly.
Special ceremony brings good luck.
Special certificates is required for hay, straw, organic fertilisers and plant protective items.
Special certification is offered in many areas.
Special certification is required of commercial pesticide applicators making mosquito treatments.
Special certification is required to use or transport radioisotopes.
Special chainsaws are used for cutting concrete .
Special chainsaws are used for cutting concrete.
Special challenges can make their job very demanding.
Special challenges exist to communication in a diverse environment.
Special challenges treated include name-calling, safety, explaining birth and death, and more.
Special chambers are prepared in the spring for the eggs.
Special chapter includes sibling relationships.
Special chapters cover Palm fans' options for upgrading and accessorizing their palmtops.
Special chapters deal with skin, hair, eyes, feet, mouth and teeth.
Special chapters focus on suicide assessment, medication referrals, and therapy termination.
Special chapters teach some easy and fun ciphers that readers can make and use at home.
Special characters are .
Special characters are any characters other than numbers or letters, with a few exceptions.
Special characters are available for names, titles and abstracts.
Special characters are available.
Special characters are characters that enable script to be generated within an HTML stream.
Special characters are extra.
Special characters can also be a problem.
Special characters continue to pose problems, especially for math and music.
Special characters file as the closest roman script letter.
Special characters fix.
Special Characters Go to the previous , next section.
Special characters require special coding.
All special character described above are valid in arguments here.
Most special characters are usable.
Most special characters lose their meaning when they occur inside a bracket expression.
Special characteristic is investment power.
Special characteristics are research and asset management.
Special characteristics are the wrinkled brow, the pointed hooded ears and the tightly curled tail.
Special characteristics works the same way.
Many special characteristics are fairly apparent.
Some special characteristics help environments.
Special charge applies.
Special charges apply for some touring exhibitions.
Special charts make the temperature pattern easy to record.
Special charters are available by appointment.
Special charters are available for groups.
Special charters are available upon request.
Special chemicals call pheromones control communication and coordination between ants.
Special cherry laminate on sides and back.
Special children can benefit from many of the same preventive measures recommended for all children.
Special children living in orphanage surroundings are children who suffer the most.
Special children menus also available on request.
Special circuitry limits current to the preset level.
Special circuitry minimizes errors due to temperature changes.
Special circuitry provides protection against overheating and overcurrent.
Special circumstances apply for controlled groups.
Special circumstances apply for research teams.
Special circumstances apply to publications intended for sale.
Special circumstances apply.
Special circumstances are necessary to use the remedy of replevin.
Special circumstances are such that the claimant was furthering the business of the employer.
Special circumstances arise in a frames environment that vary between Web browsers.
Special circumstances can make ordinary people heroes.
Special circumstances can warrant a deviation from the rule.
Special circumstances consist of medical or compassionate grounds of a temporary nature.
Special circumstances define the Palestinian economy.
Special circumstances do warrant careful consideration.
Special circumstances exist for broadcasting to every device.
Special circumstances implies specific knowledge of events other than in the ordinary course.
Special circumstances permit the substitution of other qualifying examinations.
Special circumstances place many men at especially high risk of contracting the virus.
Special circumstances require compounds known as cycloplegics to be used.
Special circumstances require special approaches.
Special circumstances require written instruction from a physicianand parent.
All special circumstances are subject to consideration and approval by a librarian.
All special circumstances are subject to staff consideration and approval.
Some special circumstances require that a family member or designee stay overnight with a patient.
Special classes are also available for women and junior golfers.
Special classes are available at rec.
Special classes are available upon request.
Special classes can provide the answer to the outside testing and influences a child.
Special classes focusing on fingerspelling and read alouds are also available.
Special classes go through dinner buffet and on to their private rooms for eating and fun.
Special classes have one computer and a printer.
Special classes open only to lab assistants are also scheduled.
Special classrooms occupy the north structure.
Many special classrooms have sophisticated behavior monitoring devises tailored for each child.
Most special classrooms have three student stations and one teacher station.
Special clearance is required to enter the prison grounds for the tour.
Special clinics are available throughout the season.
Special clinics are available to golf groups upon request.
Special clinics focus on the elderly, women's health, diabetes, children, and wellness.
Special clips keep power cords secure and out of the way.
Special clothing exists for pump users.
Special clothing is necessary for trekking and mountaineering.
Special clothing is required for adventure expeditions.
Some special clothing offers protection, through dense weaves or chemical blockers.
Special coating supports heavy ink load and coverage.
Special coatings can increase wear resistance and provide non-stick performance.
Special coatings give bricks extra protection from slags and dust-laden gases.
Special coatings give the pads long life and self-cleaning properties.
Special codes allow automatic printing of the date and system information in documents.
Special codes are usually necessary.
Special codes identify struggling students so teachers can intervene immediately.
Special codes unlock hidden features of the multiple characters and fighting styles.
Special collections add over a thousand additional items.
Special collections are collections of books by subjects of special interest to library patrons.
Special collections can also include memorabilia.
Special collections does have a fee.
Special collections includes the university archives.
Special collections is also responsible for our Digitised collections.
Special collections provide in-depth information.
Some special collections have shorter circulation periods.
Some special collections make use of off-site storage.
Special collectors pack.
Special colors are available at an additional charge.
Special colors are available on request.
Special colors are available.
Special colors can be custom mixed.
Special colours are available on request.
Special colours are available subject to minimum order quantities.
Special columns add value to every issue.
Special combs are available for combing living lice and their eggs from the scalp and hair.
Special combs are available that help remove adult fleas from the coat of a shorthaired pet.
Special combs are available to help remove mats.
Special combs are available to help remove nits from hair.
Special combination grapples with magnet.
Special combination grapples with magnets.
Special combinations are available upon request.
Special combos can give off energy.
Special commands are available that set up links within the pdf document.
Special commands are available to control the flow of a shell script.
Special commands load the text of an earlier argument in the minibuffer .
Special commands load the text of an earlier argument in the minibuffer.
Special commendations go to the uniformly attractive staff.
Special commission permits.
Special commissions welcome.
Special committees consider appointments for researchers.
Special committees consist of no fewer than three members who are appointed by the rector.
Special committees exist for the parish anniversary celebration.
Some special committees receive observations.
Special communication needs of teachers of any discipline.
Special compartments provide easy watering and draining.
Special compensation is paid for working on holidays.
Special compilations are available on request.
Special computer accounts for research projects.
Special concentration is paid to the times of exploration and awakenings.
Special concentration is placed on keyboarding, word processing, graphing, and Internet skills.
Special concentration is placed on pediatrics.
Special concern is always for the elderly.
Special concern is directed toward the aging lock system of the Mississippi River.
Special concern is given to meeting the human needs of people.
Special concern is given to procedures in periods of financial emergency.
Special concern is given to the well-being of children.
Special concern is given to whether multiples are multiple simultaneously or through time.
Special concern is shown for youth from disadvantaged circumstances.
Special concern is voiced for the elderly and very young.
Special concern remains devoted to completing the process of denationalisation.
Special concerns are to be documented and made known to the leader.
Special concessions apply to disabled groups.
Special concessions are available for students and research fellows.
Special condition uses.
Special conditions apply for developing countries.
Special conditions apply for overseas shipments.
Special conditions apply holiday weekends.
Special conditions apply if copies of records are required for publication.
Special conditions apply in Missouri and Illinois.
Special conditions apply to chemigation.
Special conditions apply to commercially operated activities in the park.
Special conditions apply to copying from preservation copies of South Australian newspapers .
Special conditions apply to enable copying for educational and research purposes.
Special conditions apply to farm slaughter.
Special conditions apply to non-French universities.
Special conditions apply to Russian and Chinese citizens.
Special conditions apply to sponsored grants and contracts involving federal funds.
Special conditions apply to students aged eighteen to twenty-one.
Special conditions apply to the first elections.
Special conditions apply to the flight package.
Special conditions apply to use within universities.
Special conditions apply when requesting duplication of unpublished materials.
Special conditions apply.
Special conditions are available at the marked hotels.
Special conditions are initially applicable to the engine model for which they are issued.
Special conditions are necessary for monosubstitution.
Special conditions can yield monomers such as ethylene and propylene.
Special conditions create special languages.
Special conditions govern the use of weather modification to limit hail damage.
Special conditions prevail for certain groups.
All special conditions are subject to restrictions stated in first paragraph.
Any special conditions imposed by the seller are equally significant.
Some special conditions affect manufacturers.
Some special conditions apply to use within universities.
Some special conditions apply.
Special conditioning is utilized in every event.
Special configurations are available for a variety of specimen consistencies.
Special configurations are available upon request.
Special configurations are available which use three plates for increased sensitivity.
Special configurations including metric sizes are our specialty.
Special configurations welcome.
Any special configuration needed for the source is done.
Many special configurations admit closed form solutions.
Special congratulations are in order for the following men.
Special congratulations go to the recipients of prestigious awards at a recent ceremony.
Special congregations take place from time to time, eg. for the conferment of honorary degrees.
Special connectors are available, please consult factory.
Special consideration is afforded families of seriously ill patients making reservations.
Special consideration is afforded veterans, such as former prisoners of war.
Special consideration is devoted to the role of the manager as a leader and motivator of people.
Special consideration is extended to female non-traditional students.
Special consideration is given by management in emergency situations.
Special consideration is given for a non-smoking roommate.
Special consideration is given for groups that have been underrepresented in the sciences.
Special consideration is given for large orders on lot size minimums only.
Special consideration is given for people who are financially disadvantaged.
Special consideration is given for students who first begin a class that starts late in the term.
Special consideration is given in accepting children of faculty and staff.
Special consideration is given students majoring in scientific or technical fields.
Special consideration is given to accepting children of faculty and staff.
Special consideration is given to accomodate busy working schedules.
Special consideration is given to accounting and finance majors.
Special consideration is given to adult learners and students returning after five or more years.
Special consideration is given to African-American nominees.
Special consideration is given to Alaskan transportation problems by experienced specialists.
Special consideration is given to antibiotics, sedatives, pain-relieving drugs and anesthetics.
Special consideration is given to applicants currently employed in the public health workforce.
Special consideration is given to applicants from rural and remote areas.
Special consideration is given to applicants with expertise in statistical computing.
Special consideration is given to aspects of political development.
Special consideration is given to assist individual inventors and small businesses.
Special consideration is given to bat exposures.
Special consideration is given to buying, menu developing, producing, and serving food.
Special consideration is given to candidates specializing in Canadian history.
Special consideration is given to carbon compounds found in living systems.
Special consideration is given to cardiac, renal, hepatic, and fetal circulation.
Special consideration is given to career opportunities in Tourism.
Special consideration is given to cases of wheel hop phenomena.
Special consideration is given to charities that serve disadvantaged communities.
Special consideration is given to children of members and their customers.
Special consideration is given to children whose parent was killed or wounded in action.
Special consideration is given to community college graduates.
Special consideration is given to community, cultural, and environmental health.
Special consideration is given to concerted music useful for worship services.
Special consideration is given to consumer problems and solutions.
Special consideration is given to contemporary discussions.
Special consideration is given to contemporary problems.
Special consideration is given to dance as a cultural and recreational activity.
Special consideration is given to doctoral candidates in the Humanities.
Special consideration is given to early applications.
Special consideration is given to educationally backward section in the matter of admissions.
Special consideration is given to established artists who are veterans.
Special consideration is given to evaluating instructional delivery systems using interactive video.
Special consideration is given to events that bring humanities to underserved communities.
Special consideration is given to faculty with full year sabbatical approval.
Special consideration is given to feature length films premiers.
Special consideration is given to file management as well as to interview and negotiation skills.
Special consideration is given to foreign students who apply for admission.
Special consideration is given to Georgia residents.
Special consideration is given to growers with grape-growing experience.
Special consideration is given to hardship cases.
Special consideration is given to hazardous waste management.
Special consideration is given to hiring residents with a long history in the community.
Special consideration is given to how technology affects student learning and achievement.
Special consideration is given to human cytogenetics.
Special consideration is given to international students.
Special consideration is given to junior faculty.
Special consideration is given to legume and grass species.
Special consideration is given to limited mobility, joint problems, etc.
Special consideration is given to low cholesterol cooking.
Special consideration is given to mature students.
Special consideration is given to members of the military.
Special consideration is given to minority and underprivileged students.
Special consideration is given to minority applicants in the distribution of financial aid.
Special consideration is given to minority students.
Special consideration is given to monetary and fiscal policy.
Special consideration is given to musculoskeletal and neuropathological conditions.
Special consideration is given to music for the changing voice choir.
Special consideration is given to new and promising ideas, approaches, and innovations.
Special consideration is given to new developments regarding the personality assessment of children.
Special consideration is given to non-profit organizations.
Special consideration is given to nonprofit organizations.
Special consideration is given to nutrition-related health problems and preventive nutrition.
Special consideration is given to originality and independence of thought.
Special consideration is given to outside mares.
Special consideration is given to papers with a Canadian focus.
Special consideration is given to parents of patients admitted to the hospital.
Special consideration is given to photo enhancement and color design and production.
Special consideration is given to pre-formed ensembles.
Special consideration is given to programs that demonstrate the ability to become self-sustained.
Special consideration is given to project development and the conduct of research in the field.
Special consideration is given to projects integrating two or more subfields of anthropology.
Special consideration is given to projects of regional significance.
Special consideration is given to promising applicants.
Special consideration is given to proper handling, storage, humidity and temperature.
Special consideration is given to proposals that promote choice through saving incentives.
Special consideration is given to proposals which incorporate the conference theme.
Special consideration is given to publications and publication excerpts.
Special consideration is given to quality control in automated manufacturing environments.
Special consideration is given to residences of people with life-threatening medical conditions.
Special consideration is given to RPCVs for all admission and financial aid decisions.
Special consideration is given to scientific writing techniques.
Special consideration is given to senior citizens and persons with disabilities.
Special consideration is given to senior citizens.
Special consideration is given to siblings of students who are currently enrolled.
Special consideration is given to siblings.
Special consideration is given to single parents.
Special consideration is given to small businesses and consortia involving small businesses.
Special consideration is given to solutions which yield near unity quantum efficiencies.
Special consideration is given to specific organ systems depending on the history provided.
Special consideration is given to state bars, CLE programs and other bar-related organizations.
Special consideration is given to state bars, CLE programs, and other bar-related organizations.
Special consideration is given to string quartets applying as units.
Special consideration is given to students enrolled in the nursing program.
Special consideration is given to students from diverse backgrounds.
Special consideration is given to students from Kentucky or Virginia.
Special consideration is given to students in under-represented categories.
Special consideration is given to students interested in the humanities.
Special consideration is given to students who add diversity to the class.
Special consideration is given to students who have been involved in extracurricular activities.
Special consideration is given to students who have physical disabilities.
Special consideration is given to students whose specialty plans are in primary care fields.
Special consideration is given to students with a strong interest in golf.
Special consideration is given to students with chronic health conditions.
Special consideration is given to students with honors and advanced placement.
Special consideration is given to students working on their dissertations.
Special consideration is given to the area of beginning piano study.
Special consideration is given to the basic processes of all living things.
Special consideration is given to the diagnosis of executive problems.
Special consideration is given to the dynamic characteristics of the systems.
Special consideration is given to the elderly and the handicapped.
Special consideration is given to the emotional impact of cancer on patients and family members.
Special consideration is given to the environment, poverty and sustainable development.
Special consideration is given to the epidemiology of resistance.
Special consideration is given to the financial problems arising from corporate welfare programs.
Special consideration is given to the housing needs of international students.
Special consideration is given to the importance of properly sequenced mathematics curricula.
Special consideration is given to the international trade policy influences on agriculture.
Special consideration is given to the maturity of leadership.
Special consideration is given to the needs of young children.
Special consideration is given to the nescesity of a reduction.
Special consideration is given to the policies affecting disadvantaged and minority populations.
Special consideration is given to the political and intellectual history of fifth century Athens.
Special consideration is given to the quality of writing in the personal statement.
Special consideration is given to the resources available to the organization.
Special consideration is given to theories of the firm other than profit-maximization.
Special consideration is given to use by certain schools and educators.
Special consideration is given to vascular and biological risk factors.
Special consideration is given to vendors with unique or different items.
Special consideration is given to waveforms and techniques for wideband radar systems.
Special consideration is given to websites involved in animal rescue.
Special consideration is given to women and minority applicants.
Special consideration is given to work experience.
Special consideration is given to working with diverse ethnic populations.
Special consideration is given to youth with disabilities.
Special consideration is given where groups of students are traveling to a meeting in one vehicle.
Special consideration is made for students with transfer credit.
Special consideration is made for urethra and rectal locations.
Special consideration is needed in the case power supply as the higher end CPUs are installed.
Special consideration is offered to the trade.
Special consideration is paid to the diversity in women's backgrounds and experiences.
Special consideration is paid to the effects of contact-impacts.
Special consideration is placed on the difficulties boys face when they are being harassed.
Special consideration is placed upon indigenous marine forms.
Special consideration is required when selecting trim tabs for performance applications.
Special consideration is taken to prepare adults to read with their own children.
Special consideration needs to be given in defining real costs for rural areas.
Special consideration needs to be given to the progress of our ethnic minority students.
Special consideration needs to be made if handicap seating is needed.
Special considerations apply depending upon the exact option chosen.
Special considerations apply to adolescents and pregnant women and are discussed in detail.
Special considerations apply to each category.
Special considerations apply to kite aerial photography at high-altitude .
Special considerations apply to the replication of non-nuclear genetic material.
Special considerations apply where candidates are being assessed in computer-related skills.
Special considerations apply.
Special considerations are also available for absent, country and overseas members.
Special considerations are available for more than one school or performance.
Special considerations are available for participants on financial assistance.
Special considerations are necessary regarding transfer of the rights in joint works.
Special considerations are necessary when designing a monitoring program and applying criteria.
Special considerations arise for attorneys concerning the destruction of documents.
Special considerations attach in church tax inquiries.
Special considerations go into the submission of such a session.
Special considerations is given to emergency projects.
Special considerations Monitor the patient for signs and symptoms of ginseng abuse syndrome.
Special Considerations Play with all possible abbreviations, definitions and pronunciations.
Special considerations Sanitize the floor first, then sanitize equipment from the bottom to the top.
Special considerations Start the process at the top and work all material down to the floor.
Some special consideration is given to women in science, engineering and technology.
Some special considerations apply in the case of home offices .
Some special considerations apply when substance abuse services are provided.
Some special considerations exist for members of the corporate information systems community.
Special constables have the same powers as a regular officer and wear a similar uniform.
Some special constables become officers.
Special constructs are available for defining the connection topology of composed models.
Special construction covers knee, shin, ankle and instep.
Special construction ensures tangle-free operation.
Special construction features contribute to overall performance.
Special construction makes it more abrasion-resistant than regular braided net.
Special consultants provide services in gynecology, radiology , psychiatry and orthopedics.
Special consultation is also available for pediatric and chemical injury recovery.
Special containers are available for hazardous waste.
Special containers are available from freight forwarders and carriers for air cargo shipments.
Special containers make sure that when the meal arrives, it is hot and ready to eat.
Special content addresses the entire value chain of the industry.
Special contests are always a highlight of the day.
Special contests begin every two weeks.
A special contract is a contract
Special contract rates New employees, faculty, alumni, retirees, and students are all eligible.
Special contracts restrict free communication of the work and results for confidentiality reasons.
Special contributions provide additional support.
Special controls allow the doctor to point the tip of the catheter in different directions.
Special controls allow visitors to go from one site to another, forwards and backwards.
Special controllers are attached to the console to control the game .
Special controllers are attached to the console to control the game.
Special conventions govern the transliteration of cuneiform.
Special corrosion proofing throughout is applied.
Special counseling is available.
Special counseling is provided by appointment.
Special counselling is given to mothers whose infants are in intensive care.
Special coupon offers on selected pet products and services.
Special courses are also necessary.
Special courses are also open to honors students.
Special courses are available for graduates, often at private colleges.
Special courses are optional courses which are in addition to the regular study program.
Special courses cover Zionist thought.
Special courses deal with subjects such as science writing and economic journalism.
Special courses offer intensive supervision and instruction.
Special courses offer many possibilities.
Special courses open only to candidates for graduation with honors in the department.
Special courses prepare students to take Actuarial exams.
Special courses provide an opportunity for interaction with faculty.
Special courses vary in days and number of hours.
Many special courses are available.
Special courts negate the concept of independent judiciary.
Special coverage can draw extraordinary numbers of Web visitors.
Special coverage includes Canada-Russia hockey series.
Special coverage includes theft.
Special coverage is also availible for teachers and salespeople.
Special coverage is available for skiing, carriage, snowmobiles and bike tours.
Special coverage is in place to cover the unique operations of the airport.
Special coverage is required for football.
Special coverages are available to law enforcement groups and volunteer fire and rescue squads.
Special crabmeat is good for crab cakes, soup, casseroles, and dips.
Special cranes remove massive segments of the old oaks.
Special creation is either true or false.
Special credit is awarded here for the rare correct spelling of complementary .
Special credit is due to dr.
Special criteria exist for the width and length sections of the docking.
Special cruise packages to the reef are available.
Special cruises are also available.
Special cruises are available in the day or by moonlight.
Special cruises can be tailor-made to suit the customers' requirements.
Special cruises offer views of the station.
Special cultivars are for sale at a nursery.
Special curriculum is designed to aid physicians in building cultural competency.
Special curve protects fabric.
Many special curves are mutual inversions.
Many special curves are the caustic of other special curves.
Special cuts are also available for steps, hearths, sills, posts, etc.
Special cuts are available upon request at no charge.
Special cuts are available upon request at no extra charge.
Special damages are natural, but necessarily the inevitable result of the wrongful act.
Special damages involve extra items such as material possessions lost from the negligent act.
Many special databases require subscriptions.
Special dates apply.
Special data is set aside in a section for members only as part of their benefits.
Special day passes at the pool.
Special days are still necessary.
Special days can be a part of a well-balanced Bible study program, but only a part.
Special days take on a different meaning without the husbands.
Special deadline needs.
Special deals appear to be available on some of their products direct from the website.
Special deals apply during the winter months.
Special deals apply to new booking only.
Special deals are always subject to availability.
Special deals are available all the time.
Special deals are available for colonies.
Special deals are available for departments who want many individual licenses.
Special deals are available for groups of four.
Special deals are available for international rugby weekends.
Special deals are available for long term rentals.
Special Deals are available for schools.
Special deals are available to South Pacific regions ie.
Special deals can increase growth only if they change firm location decisions.
Special deals let readers spend less and get more.
Special deals Save money by checking out our special prices on a variety of moving services.
Special decorations enhance the sanctuary at each season.
Special deductions govern the taxation of production equipment.
Special deference is given to a trial court's findings when based on witness credibility.
Special deformities can occur in persons with neuropathy and very good circulation.
Special delicacies are integral parts of every festivity.
A special delivery is mail
Special deliveries are also available.
Special deliveries are mail.
Special delivery is available at extra charge.
Special delivery is available by courier, along with facsimile transmission.
Special delivery is available, for which it is best to first check availability.
Special demonstrations get children involved in hands-on work with wool fibers.
Special departments are now responsible for investigating and solving computer-related crimes.
Special design allows for easy installation and precise fit into rough wall openings.
Special design allows rear backrest to fold up and become a carry handle.
Special design allows the blood to flow beween double layers of the mask.
Special design assures maximum flow with superior performance.
Special design ensures straight parison with litttle sag or curl.
Special design features.
Special design keeps fenders in position while the boat rocks.
Special design keeps vinyl flexible in cold weather.
Special design makes shower head even higher than before installation.
Special design prevents films from touching.
Special design provides a balance of speed and control.
Special design requires less effort to operate.
Special designs accomodate a wide variety of birds, bats and butterflies.
Special designs are also available for specific applications.
Special designs are available for businesses and shops and are also available wholesale.
Special designs are available for women, children and even dogs.
Special designs are available on request.
Special designs are available upon request.
Special designs are necessary to avoid structual damage to buildings and roads.
Special designs help to avoid cold spots across wide web applications.
Special designs require a tooling charge.
Special desserts are world renown.
Special detail is given to error messages, as well as hardware and software conflicts.
Special details produce a facility designed to meet precise requirements.
Special detectors are available for hard of hearing persons.
Special deviations are often ill-advised.
Special devices allow hammer, discus and javelin practice indoors.
Special devices detect the particles that fly away from the points of impact.
Special devices including electric generators , pumps running on wind energy.
Special devices keep the rain from filtering in and two filters ensure that the air is recycled.
Special dial prevents accidental reset.
Special diet is as effective as drugs for blood pressure, study finds.
Special diet is upon request.
Special diets are also available if ordered ahead.
Special diets are available by a dietitian.
Special diets are available by prior arrangement.
Special diets are available which make the urine more alkaline.
Special diets are available with a medical recommendation.
Special diets are available with advance notice.
Special diets are available.
Special diets are easy to accom modate.
Special diets are mixed at the feed mill at the swine facilities.
Special diets are never a problem.
Special diets are no problem and can be accommodated with advance notice.
Special diets are no problem with advance notice.
Special diets are no problem.
Special diets are now available from two sources.
Special diets are of course available.
Special diets are prepared on request and a dietitian is available for personal consultation.
Special diets are the responsibility of individual campers.
Special diets are usually ineffective.
Special diets are welcome.
Special diets are well catered for.
Special diets can be helpful.
Special diets can be satisfied with advanced notice.
Special diets present no problem with a little prior notification.
Special diets work by reducing the mineral building blocks or urinary stones in the urine.
Some special diets are well balanced and can be followed for a long time.
Some special diets help circulate insulin.
Some special diets help insulin.
Special difficulties can arise for anyone who wishes to teach or learn such a language.
Special dinner is provided for student and spouses.
Special dinners mean everyone pitches in.
Special discount applies to internet reservations.
Special discount offers at restaurants.
Special discount offers for nature and travel-related magazines and services .
Special discounts apply at most other locations.
Special discounts apply for group bookings.
Special discounts apply for groups with seven or more members.
Special discounts apply for multiple weeks rental, monthly and seasonal rentals.
Special discounts apply for school districts ordering multiple copies of CBEs.
Special discounts apply if delegates require accommodation.
Special discounts apply if two or more features are ordered.
Special discounts apply on scuba packages.
Special discounts apply outside North America.
Special discounts apply to a stay of seven or more days.
Special discounts apply to existing clients.
Special discounts apply to members only.
Special discounts apply to members.
Special discounts apply to resellers .
Special discounts apply to senior and visually impaired applicants.
Special discounts apply, please ask.
Special discounts are also available for annual accounts.
Special discounts are also available for groups of ten or more.
Special discounts are also available for nonprofit and student research projects.
Special discounts are also available for residents.
Special discounts are also available for VARs interested in purchasing demo units.
Special discounts are also available on regional packages and complete collection purchases.
Special discounts are also available to non-corporate groups when reserving the entire Inn.
Special discounts are available for additional-site subscriptions.
Special discounts are available for booking through net.
Special discounts are available for CNEs and for additional CDs added to a base subscription.
Special discounts are available for companies sending three or more persons.
Special discounts are available for computer purchases.
Special discounts are available for corporations, associations, or other organized groups.
Special discounts are available for CPAs, tax preparation services and payroll services.
Special discounts are available for events in and around the Denver, Colorado region.
Special discounts are available for groups and extended stays.
Special discounts are available for groups and season subscribers.
Special discounts are available for groups.
Special discounts are available for large groups, extended stays, seniors and students.
Special discounts are available for large orders.
Special discounts are available for large projects and new customers.
Special discounts are available for large quantities.
Special discounts are available for large volumes of research.
Special Discounts are available for larger orders.
Special discounts are available for larger, multiple month buys.
Special discounts are available for longer stays - email for details.
Special discounts are available for multiple orders.
Special discounts are available for multiple placements.
Special discounts are available for multiple weeks.
Special Discounts are available for multiple weeks.
Special discounts are available for non-profit groups.
Special discounts are available for non-profit organizations.
Special discounts are available for online orders.
Special discounts are available for orders of seven or more shirts.
Special discounts are available for our customers who experience natural disasters.
Special discounts are available for parties of up to twenty people or more.
Special discounts are available for personal, non-business sites.
Special discounts are available for preferred partners and customers.
Special discounts are available for qualified educational institutions.
Special discounts are available for qualified U-lead customers.
Special discounts are available for quantity orders.
Special discounts are available for registered users, and registration is free of charge.
Special discounts are available for schools and non-profit organizations.
Special discounts are available for schools and other educational facilities.
Special discounts are available for small businesses.
Special discounts are available for small, non-profit organizations.
Special discounts are available for spouses and additional pastoral staff.
Special discounts are available for students and educators.
Special discounts are available for students and faculty at educational institutions.
Special discounts are available for students and senior citizens.
Special discounts are available for students.
Special discounts are available for term, semester and full school year tickets.
Special discounts are available if the issue is adopted for course use.
Special discounts are available on a weekly, quarterly and annual basis.
Special discounts are available on selected courses to clients who book via our website.
Special discounts are available to groups of ten or more who reserve tickets in advance.
Special discounts are available to members for a variety of products and services.
Special discounts are available to one individual signing up for more than one class per quarter.
Special discounts are available to our authorized dealers.
Special discounts are available to our members for bulk airtime of more than one hour per week.
Special discounts are available to our retirees.
Special discounts are available to schools, charities and clubs.
Special discounts are available to students and senior citizens.
Special discounts are available to students, senior citizens, and large groups.
Special discounts are available to students.
Special discounts are available upon request.
Special discounts are available when renting more than one site.
Special discounts are available.
Special discounts are now available for bulk ordering.
Special discounts are often available during the week.
Special discounts are often available for university-related visitors.
Special discounts are only available to travel professionals.
Special discounts are possible.
Special discounts are sometimes available on close-out items.
Special discounts make a healthy lifestyle more affordable.
Special dish is fresh oyster and sweet persimmon is free.
Special dishes are also prepared for other occasions.
Special dishes are prepared.
Special dishes communicate historical allegiance, personal commitment, and communal celebrations.
Many special dishes are prepared for the holiday season.
Special disks are available for every computer and most word processors.
Special dispensation is required in the case of mixed marriages.
Special disposal is required.
Special districts are very diverse - in their size, their function, and their performance.
Special districts can operate under special acts or the general statutes.
Special districts derive their powers from state law.
Special districts have limited statutory authority to charge certain user fees for service.
Special Districts have the same governing powers as other local governments.
Special districts provide fire services and utilities.
Special districts spend almost all of the rest.
Every special district has a principal act under which it was formed.
Most special districts focus on a single function.
Special documents link various information sources.
Special documentation is required.
Special dogs require special words like brindle, and blankie, bunny and retired.
Special donations are also essential in funding research projects and publishing.
Special doors are available upon request.
Special doors make it possible to seperate an area temporarily from the large permanent exhibition.
Special dormitories are available exclusively for graduate students.
Special dosimeters are available for adding minerals, vaccines and antibiotics to the water.
Special drain flushing equipment is available.
Special drift dives scheduled around tide changes for advanced levels.
Special drugs are available to block the estrogen and slow the cancerous growth.
Special editions appear in the Extra Series whose volumes are available to members at a discount.
Special editions are available.
Special editions cover major sporting and political events.
Special editions deal with major issues of current moment.
Special editions provide in-depth information about an individual disease syndrome or product.
All special editions feature editorials related to the event that is happening that week.
Special education aims to support student success in the general education curriculum.
Special education allows for individuation of their educational programs.
Special education becomes a dumping ground for behavior problems.
Special education compensates for increased demand by developing innovative service delivery models.
Special education costs about twice the price of regular education.
Special education embraces the right to a free appropriate public education.
Special education gives help to our special needs students.
Special education has no formula as yet.
Special education includes instruction at home, in hospitals, institutions, and other settings.
Special education includes travel training if it meets the definition of special education.
Special education is . . .
Special education is a big-ticket item and is hardest hit when governments slash spending.
Special education is a categorical aid.
Special education is a demanding profession with many challenges.
Special education is a diminishing program, at least it is in Ontario.
Special education is a growing area, too.
Special education is a huge factor in the mammoth growth of the cost of public education.
Special education is a little different, officials say.
Special education is a new field in Tanzania.
Special education is a part of rather than apart from the total school program.
Special education is a remedial program.
Special education is a very complicated and demanding part of all public schools.
Special education is a vital part of our public education system.
Special education is a vital part of the district's curriculum.
Special education is already the domain in which charter schools have the least freedom.
Special education is also a federally designated critical teacher shortage area.
Special education is also available at two commercially run special education centres. .
Special education is an important asset in overall school improvement efforts.
Special education is an unfunded federal mandate.
Special education is another example.
Special education is as likely to be going on inside the classroom as out.
Special education is available for children ages three and older.
Special education is available for mentally challenged students within the school system.
Special education is based on the Education Law and the special Education Promotion Act.
Special education is big contributor.
Special education is burdened by costs and litigation unrelated to the needs of children.
Special education is capped at funding received and intended for special needs.
Special education is conducted in two resource rooms.
Special education is confidential.
Special education is education
Special education is education.
Special education is for children who have a disability.
Special education is for children with mental, physical, or emotional disabilities.
Special education is founded on some very important basic tenants.
Special education is here to stay.
Special education is highly effective when the condition is noticed early.
Special education is imparted at our universities.
Special education is in the early stages of development.
Special education is in the negative.
Special education is instruction designed to meet a student's unique needs.
Special education is integrated with the regular day camps.
Special education is just that, special teaching for special learning for special children.
Special education is one of the most misunderstood areas in everyone's school system.
Special education is one such example.
Special education is our largest budget driver.
Special education is out of control the numbers and cost are skyrocketing and no relief is in sight.
Special education is over sixty years old.
Special education is paid to each district based on the total number of students in the district.
Special education is particularly concerned.
Special education is provided as well as individualized education programs.
Special education is provided by teachers certified in the education of children with disabilities.
Special education is provided through a child-centered educational process.
Special education is supposed to make a difference.
Special education is teaching.
Special education is the largest single program.
Special education is the system's way of copping out from being responsible for the child's failure.
Special education is the treatment of choice for learning disabilities in school.
Special education is to be distributed throughout the building.
Special education keeps growing which causes disharmony in staffs.
Special education means that a child is handicapped in some way.
Special education needs highly qualified educators who are certified in the classroom.
Special education Needs in bilingual programs.
Special education needs provision in Wales is currently under review.
Special education needs to be an integral part of the charter school's overall educational design.
Special education offers services for physically handicapped and learning disabled children.
Special education refers to remedial instruction in academic areas.
Special education reources on the Internet.
Special education takes place within a community, a school district, and a school building.
Special education tends to be deficit-based.
Special education tends to warehouse kids.
Special educators are a resource to the educational community.
Special educators are in great demand nationwide and the profession offers many career options.
Special educators can act as a liaison between community agencies or organizations and their school.
Special educators can have many roles and responsibilities in any given school setting.
Special educators champion civil and human rights.
Special educators dedicate themselves to meeting the needs of very diverse students.
Special educators design and implement individualized instruction for children with disabilities.
Special educators provide occupational and physical therapy to identified students.
Special educators provide specially designed instruction to individuals with disabilities.
Special educators serve students with disabilities as needed and where needed.
Special educators teach and help others teach persons who have special learning needs.
Special educators teach watered-down versions of the general education curriculum.
Special educators work in many settings.
Special educators work with classroom teachers to provide remediation and enrichment.
A special effect is an effect
Special effect allows the producer to edit the movie so they trick the viewer.
Special effects abound.
Special effects allow smooth transitions.
Special effects are a plus and instruction for others is important.
Special effects are abundant with flames and explosions and brilliant pulses of light.
Special effects are also very popular and fall in a couple categories.
Special effects are also well executed.
Special effects are better than they've ever been.
Special effects are definitely less impressive and more scarce than other racers.
Special effects are difficult and expensive.
Special effects are dramatic here, and include blacklights, dry ice and fire.
Special effects are effects.
Special effects are excellent.
Special effects are fantastic, with smoke and explosions looking and sounding very realistic.
Special effects are good thoug but that's all.
Special effects are good.
Special effects are great .
Special effects are impressive.
Special effects are in plentiful supply, but many of the explosions feel flat.
Special effects are magic.
Special effects are memory builders and generate the unexpected.
Special effects are near flawless and stylistically unified.
Special effects are nearly always better at the slow speed.
Special effects are only another technique, and like any other can be well or badly employed.
Special effects are plentiful and magical combat is truly breathtaking.
Special effects are plentiful, yet seamlessly interwoven.
Special effects are possible as well.
Special effects are possible such as adding blue sky, puffy clouds, forests to the background.
Special effects are pretty good as well.
Special effects are superb also.
Special effects are visually stunning.
Special effects become essential.
Special effects bring alive ancient Japanese screen paintings recording the event.
Special effects can include manipulating wigs and hairpieces and latex foam - known as prosthetics.
Special effects can often detract from the intended message.
Special effects cover the practical, real time enhancements to a scene as it is filmed .
Special effects Dare to try one the hottest DIY design trends at the moment.
Special effects define how a particular character's duplication works.
Special effects dominate any true humor or emotion.
Special effects go as far as a lactating breast and a newborn baby with an adult face.
Special effects have their purposes, but so do secure servers and database interfaces.
Special effects help the plot keep moving.
Special effects is a subject that undoubtedly prompts the most questions in workshops.
Special effects is our business.
Special effects make it a cartoon-like experience.
Special effects Make layers of multiple coatings.
Special effects make the astronauts' arrival on Mars look spectacular.
Special effects make-up is really fun too.
Special effects open up a whole new world of creation.
Special effects predominate and the segment is preachy in the extreme.
Special effects razzle and inventive sets dazzle.
Special effects require careful planning and execution.
Special effects seem to be hit or miss.
Special effects take over as the plot-line devolves into incoherent silliness.
Special effects take over as the plotline devolves into incoherent silliness.
All special effects become plug-ins with over time control.
All special effects take advantage of translucency effects.
Every special effect comes with certain caveats.
More special effects are in the works - including psionics, super powers and various types of magic.
Most special effects come across as effects, and nothing more.
Some special effects are available.
Some special effects require a plug-in.
Special effort goes into creating itineraries, choosing accommodations and sightseeing stops.
Special effort is dedicated to make it as automatic as possible.
Special effort is directed toward the recruitment of women and ethnic minorities.
Special effort is given to a balance between theory and applications.
Special effort is made to ensure both gender and ethnic diversity among volunteers.
Special effort is made to foster a healthy group identity.
Special effort is made to get legal briefs of court decisions affecting nudism.
Special effort is made to identify non-publicized awards and unique grant programs.
Special effort is made to include multicultural perspectives.
Special effort is made to match the interests of volunteers with their work assignments.
Special effort is made to meet the individual needs of each child.
Special effort is made to promote collaboration among scientists within a developing country.
Special effort is made to provide an age appropriate trip for young anglers.
Special effort is made to provide the best in equipment, guidance, teaching, and care.
Special effort is made to provide the best in teaching, care and equipment.
Special effort is made to purchase the original text on which a secondary work is based.
Special effort is made to put the visiting artist in contact with our graduate students.
Special effort is made to secure nominations of students who have special needs.
Special effort is made to select boys from a variety of communities and schools.
Special effort is needed to recruit males and younger volunteers.
Special effort is required to address pronounced gaps in the mental health knowledge base.
Special efforts are necessary to reach the poor and powerless.
Special efforts are often necessary to reach certain populations.
Special efforts have to be made for students of color.
Special efforts have to be taken to strengthening the substance of building.
Special election is used for all other vacancies.
Special elections are generally of little interest.
Special elections are open to anyone who can pay the qualifying fee.
Special elections are very expensive.
Special elements are available for modeling friction layers.
Special elements perform friction layers to compute contact stiffnesses and contact pressure.
Special email offers, exclusively for our online family.
Special emollients prevent chapping and keep hands feeling soft and comfortable.
Special emphases are on English literature and the contemporary era.
Special emphasis falls on death in German philosophy and literature.
Special emphasis falls on one of the most widely used page layout programs - QuarkXPress.
Special emphasis focuses on links between modern Hebrew literature and other types of literature.
Special emphasis goes to software development and maintenance.
Special emphasis includes qualitative analysis of physical education and sport activities.
Special emphasis involves comparing the operator s plan versus actual performance.
Special emphasis is accorded the decision problem.
Special emphasis is accorded to aerospace power.
Special emphasis is attached to current problems in law enforcement.
Special emphasis is available in the areas of distance education and evaluation research.
Special emphasis is centered on theatrical and commercial music.
Special emphasis is devoted to black music's social impact on American society and popular culture.
Special emphasis is devoted to current movements at the frontiers of molecular biology.
Special emphasis is devoted to issues in philosophy of religion and the foundations of ethics.
Special emphasis is devoted to political movements, economics, and gender relations.
Special emphasis is devoted to the aims and objectives of physical education.
Special emphasis is directed on increasing diversity of the professoriate.
Special emphasis is directed toward concentration and development of characterizations.
Special emphasis is directed toward stimulating children's appreciation of reading and learning.
Special emphasis is directed toward the following acute care products.
Special emphasis is directed towards applied work.
Special emphasis is focused on conducting trade with Mexico.
Special emphasis is focused on perception as a dynamic process.
Special emphasis is focussed on the importance of safety in food and environment.
Special emphasis is for leaders to receive training and exchange ideas.
Special emphasis is give to strategic management and decision making.
Special emphasis is given in assisting students in discovering their individual operating style.
Special emphasis is given in clinic to learning techniques of orthopaedic examination and diagnosis.
Special emphasis is given in examining research studies of current concern.
Special emphasis is given in the areas of thew mathematics, science and technology.
Special emphasis is given in the book to legislators and their staff.
Special emphasis is given on the technology transfer process and technology assessment.
Special emphasis is given supporting youth involvement in volunteerism.
Special emphasis is given the Christian approach to the understanding of history.
Special emphasis is given throughout the course to problem solving techniques.
Special emphasis is given throughout to underrepresented groups.
Special emphasis is given to a study of children s literature.
Special emphasis is given to a study of hymns, chorales and psalm tunes.
Special emphasis is given to a study of hymns, chorales, and psalm tunes.
Special emphasis is given to a survey of instrumental materials and literature.
Special emphasis is given to acquiring an extensive vocabulary.
Special emphasis is given to acquiring material on Canadian cinema.
Special emphasis is given to acquiring material on Clay County and Liberty.
Special emphasis is given to adaptational and evolutionary processes.
Special emphasis is given to administrative procedures and public rights.
Special emphasis is given to adult religious education, faith development, and faith enrichment.
Special emphasis is given to alternative shorthand systems.
Special emphasis is given to analyses of issues and implications of alternative decisions.
Special emphasis is given to analysis of communication content, audiences, and systems.
Special emphasis is given to analytic geometry of the line and cone.
Special emphasis is given to analyzing elements of social policy and planning interventions.
Special emphasis is given to apparel construction and fashion marketing strategies.
Special emphasis is given to application of literature to instructional approaches.
Special emphasis is given to applications in a variety of fields.
Special emphasis is given to applying a distinctively Christian focus to urban or rural community.
Special emphasis is given to applying the message to real life situations and relationships.
Special emphasis is given to applying theory and concepts to college student development.
Special emphasis is given to area politics, high technology, and local environmental issues.
Special emphasis is given to articles relating to the midcontinent and Kansas geoscience.
Special emphasis is given to assessment of personality and behavior.
Special emphasis is given to assets liabilities.
Special emphasis is given to assisting students in discovering their individual operating style.
Special emphasis is given to audience and community concerns.
Special emphasis is given to Australia, the United Kingdom and the United States of America.
Special emphasis is given to Australian indigenous and rare flora.
Special emphasis is given to basic arranging and compositional techniques.
Special emphasis is given to basketball, bowling, golf, soccer, softball, tennis, and volleyball.
Special emphasis is given to both cognitive and behavioral theories as well as supporting research.
Special emphasis is given to both gender and cultural differences in organizational interactions.
Special emphasis is given to broadcast style and preparation of scripts.
Special emphasis is given to building technologies and the development of structural systems.
Special emphasis is given to business applications.
Special emphasis is given to business problems pertinent to the student s field of training.
Special emphasis is given to business, sports, and religion.
Special emphasis is given to carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, sulfur, and phosphorous.
Special emphasis is given to career counseling issues for specific populations.
Special emphasis is given to choosing a college major and a career.
Special emphasis is given to Christian-Jewish dialogue and cooperation.
Special emphasis is given to circuit analysis and troubleshooting.
Special emphasis is given to circuit analysis, design and troubleshooting.
Special emphasis is given to clarity and coherence in written projects.
Special emphasis is given to clinical breast exam skill development and domestic violence.
Special emphasis is given to clinically relevant cancer-associated antigens.
Special emphasis is given to collaborative projects with leading research groups worldwide.
Special emphasis is given to comic technique and use of language.
Special emphasis is given to communication in business.
Special emphasis is given to community development in stressed and damaged environments.
Special emphasis is given to community nutrition in the Atlantic Region.
Special emphasis is given to comparing an owner of a lonely heart to owners of other things.
Special emphasis is given to compiled vs. original records and basic research strategies.
Special emphasis is given to compounds with biological activity.
Special emphasis is given to computerization of the menu planning process.
Special emphasis is given to computerized resources.
Special emphasis is given to conditions in Latin America.
Special emphasis is given to congregational chanting, or sankiirtana.
Special emphasis is given to contracts, sales, and commercial paper.
Special emphasis is given to corporate governance mechanisms and top management.
Special emphasis is given to cranial-sacral manipulation techniques.
Special emphasis is given to creation of a positive attitude towards computers.
Special emphasis is given to critical analysis of athletic training programs and fitness testing.
Special emphasis is given to daily teaching methodology with practical experiences.
Special emphasis is given to data and procedural abstraction, and algorithm analysis techniques.
Special emphasis is given to definition and identification procedures.
Special emphasis is given to design methodology and applications.
Special emphasis is given to designing, drafting patterns, and constructing garments.
Special emphasis is given to developing a portfolio to fulfill admission and advising requirements.
Special emphasis is given to developing bug-free reusable code and using class libraries.
Special emphasis is given to developing creative writing skills through journal writing activities.
Special emphasis is given to developing listening and speaking skills.
Special emphasis is given to developing methods by which contaminant movement can be predicted.
Special emphasis is given to developing oral competency.
Special emphasis is given to developing solutions that have adequate accuracy for a given problem.
Special emphasis is given to developing the skills required for self-employment.
Special emphasis is given to development of sound principles of stewardship of the created order.
Special emphasis is given to development, learning, and teaching.
Special emphasis is given to diesel engines and operation of light equipment including forktrucks.
Special emphasis is given to difficult and frequently tested areas.
Special emphasis is given to discussing design alternatives and their impact on Myriad.
Special emphasis is given to divorce litigation and equitable distribution of divorce assets.
Special emphasis is given to drug abuse and drug education.
Special emphasis is given to drug actions affecting dental treatment procedures.
Special emphasis is given to drugs which affect the cardiopulmonary and renal systems.
Special emphasis is given to economics education at the elementary level.
Special emphasis is given to educational and political issues.
Special emphasis is given to encourage cooperation between the three departments.
Special emphasis is given to English as a foreign language .
Special emphasis is given to environmental recovery and rehabilitation.
Special emphasis is given to equal employment opportunity, safety, and legislation.
Special emphasis is given to error analysis and machine computation.
Special emphasis is given to established pharmacological perspective, method and treatments.
Special emphasis is given to establishing and recording farm business and family goals.
Special emphasis is given to ethical sales techniques.
Special emphasis is given to ethics and confidentiality.
Special emphasis is given to ethnic, racial, and class variations among women.
Special emphasis is given to evaluating the truth claims of each.
Special emphasis is given to examples related to Latin America and Chile.
Special emphasis is given to exegesis of biblical passages.
Special emphasis is given to exploring the viewer's relationship to alcohol.
Special emphasis is given to facilities, personnel, and control of production.
Special emphasis is given to feasibility studies and business forecasting.
Special emphasis is given to fetal and neonatal periods.
Special emphasis is given to formal education from both the perspective of student and instructor.
Special emphasis is given to French culture.
Special emphasis is given to gender biases in research and clinical practice.
Special emphasis is given to gender specific problems and issues.
Special emphasis is given to genetic effects of radiation.
Special emphasis is given to geographic factors and cultural developments.
Special emphasis is given to German culture.
Special emphasis is given to globalization of business and ethical perspectives.
Special emphasis is given to grant writing skills and summarizing results for publications.
Special emphasis is given to hands-on application.
Special emphasis is given to hands-on experience in administering and analyzing tests.
Special emphasis is given to high protein foods, meat and meat alternatives.
Special emphasis is given to high technology applications of electronic materials.
Special emphasis is given to historical and socio-economic influences.
Special emphasis is given to homeostasis and regulatory mechanisms.
Special emphasis is given to human evolution, behavior and role within the ecosystem.
Special emphasis is given to human factors in product design.
Special emphasis is given to human motion and exercise.
Special emphasis is given to identifying and measuring nursing-sensitive patient outcomes.
Special emphasis is given to identifying communicable diseases and recognizing child.
Special emphasis is given to improving math and science skills.
Special emphasis is given to improvisation.
Special emphasis is given to industrial effluents, clean technologies and closed loop recycling.
Special emphasis is given to industrial effuents, clean technologies and closed loop recycling.
Special emphasis is given to inflammatory mediators such as cytokines and reactive oxygen specials.
Special emphasis is given to influences of racism, sexism and ethnocentrism.
Special emphasis is given to information design for effective communication.
Special emphasis is given to information technology.
Special emphasis is given to informative, persuasive, and demonstrative speeches.
Special emphasis is given to innovative programs for teens.
Special emphasis is given to inservice training for our foster parents and rehabilitation workers.
Special emphasis is given to instrumental techniques for structural determination.
Special emphasis is given to integrated pest management and sustainable agriculture.
Special emphasis is given to interactive file access techniques.
Special emphasis is given to international and amateur observers.
Special emphasis is given to international trade law, international tax law, and human rights.
Special emphasis is given to Internet programming, marketing, market research, and regulations.
Special emphasis is given to interpersonal and decision-making skills.
Special emphasis is given to interrealtionships of organs and organ systems.
Special emphasis is given to interrelationships of organs and organ systems.
Special emphasis is given to introducing media, exploring basic techniques, and problem solving.
Special emphasis is given to inverted postures and breathing exercises.
Special emphasis is given to involving our youth in synagogue ritual.
Special emphasis is given to issues of diversity, discrimination, and oppression.
Special emphasis is given to issues of ethnicity and gender.
Special emphasis is given to issues of justice for women and minorities.
Special emphasis is given to issues pertaining to the measurement of key constructs.
Special emphasis is given to Italian culture.
Special emphasis is given to judicial oversight of the administrative process.
Special emphasis is given to kinesiological analysis of skill performance.
Special emphasis is given to knowledge and achievement of comprehensive quality medical care.
Special emphasis is given to laboratory, experimental, field and action research.
Special emphasis is given to language.
Special emphasis is given to learning principles underlying behavior change.
Special emphasis is given to learning to use the Internet as a tool for educational purposes.
Special emphasis is given to legal requirements.
Special emphasis is given to letters from persons who have taught or worked with the applicant.
Special emphasis is given to life skills programming spanning all age groups.
Special emphasis is given to linear and branched polymers, polymer blends and filled polymers.
Special emphasis is given to literature from Eastern Europe and to non-conventional literature.
Special emphasis is given to liver therapy.
Special emphasis is given to logic, axioms and applications from groups and non-euclidean geometry.
Special emphasis is given to logic, axioms and applications from groups and non-Euclidean geometry.
Special emphasis is given to machine processing of Chinese language and Chinese information.
Special emphasis is given to machine processing of Chinese language.
Special emphasis is given to management and evaluation of instruction.
Special emphasis is given to map skills.
Special emphasis is given to marine mammal interaction with humans.
Special emphasis is given to material selection, portable power tools, and safety.
Special emphasis is given to materials and activities leading to mastery.
Special emphasis is given to matrices over the real or complex field.
Special emphasis is given to means of assisting disadvantaged children to be successful.
Special emphasis is given to medical techonology, pharmaceuticals, health policy and public health.
Special emphasis is given to meeting specific needs of troubled families within the local church.
Special emphasis is given to men's and women's programs in the United States.
Special emphasis is given to mixed wastes, site characterization and risk assessment.
Special emphasis is given to modern Swedish literature.
Special emphasis is given to modern theories and their policy implications.
Special emphasis is given to multicultural aspects of education.
Special emphasis is given to neo-tropical marine ecosystems.
Special emphasis is given to New York State and local agencies.
Special emphasis is given to news values and the structure of preparing copy for the eye.
Special emphasis is given to non-conventional and Eastern European literature.
Special emphasis is given to non-conventional literature and descriptions of research projects.
Special emphasis is given to North and South America.
Special emphasis is given to oral discussions based on readings.
Special emphasis is given to oral discussions based on the readings.
Special emphasis is given to organizational cultures and corporate image and identity.
Special emphasis is given to osteopathic manipulative medicine and ambulatory primary care.
Special emphasis is given to overcoming objections and to closing of sales.
Special emphasis is given to personal and administrative issues, and problems.
Special emphasis is given to personal growth at home, in college and on the job.
Special emphasis is given to physical, cultural, economic, and social factors in geography.
Special emphasis is given to planning and participating in emergent curricula.
Special emphasis is given to portfolio development.
Special emphasis is given to potential resources and principles of good stewardship.
Special emphasis is given to practical experience.
Special emphasis is given to practical nutritional needs of commercial poultry flocks.
Special emphasis is given to preparing the student to become a setup person and operator.
Special emphasis is given to problem solving and critical thinking.
Special emphasis is given to problems of contemporary American society and current events.
Special emphasis is given to problems that can occur.
Special emphasis is given to problem-solving techniques utilizing historical case studies.
Special emphasis is given to problem-solving techniques.
Special emphasis is given to project work.
Special emphasis is given to projects involving the development of camera vision and ideas.
Special emphasis is given to psychology's role in creating a truly just, criminal justice system.
Special emphasis is given to public health-related issues of urban planning and engineering.
Special emphasis is given to raster based systems.
Special emphasis is given to reading in the content areas.
Special emphasis is given to recent spacecraft studies of the solar system.
Special emphasis is given to recent trends in elementary curriculum development.
Special emphasis is given to reenlistment incentives.
Special emphasis is given to regional economic integration.
Special emphasis is given to relations to public health, industry, and agriculture.
Special emphasis is given to religion in contemporary America.
Special emphasis is given to research from primary sources.
Special emphasis is given to research techniques in rhetoric.
Special emphasis is given to retention and graduation goals.
Special emphasis is given to role emergence, leadership, and information processing.
Special emphasis is given to rural areas and geographically isolated regions.
Special emphasis is given to rural land use.
Special emphasis is given to scene design, stage lighting, sound, costuming, and make-up.
Special emphasis is given to school-based curriculum development.
Special emphasis is given to score study, transposition, and clef usage.
Special emphasis is given to searching for information using multimedia and the internet.
Special emphasis is given to serving all young people regardless of creed, colour or nationality.
Special emphasis is given to showing how well-meaning rescuers often become victims themselves.
Special emphasis is given to site characterization, risk assessment and pollution prevention.
Special emphasis is given to skin tumors of dogs and cats.
Special emphasis is given to small groups, interviewing skills and persuasive proposals.
Special emphasis is given to small school districts with limited business office staff.
Special emphasis is given to social services for the elderly.
Special emphasis is given to social, psychological, and economic aspects of clothing.
Special emphasis is given to societal change as it relates to education as a way of life.
Special emphasis is given to sociological, anthropological, and ethnic factors.
Special emphasis is given to Spanish culture.
Special emphasis is given to statistical methods for determining reliability and validity.
Special emphasis is given to strategic management of workforce downsizing.
Special emphasis is given to strategies for teaching techniques to parents.
Special emphasis is given to strengthening and toning as well as the cardiovascular system.
Special emphasis is given to structure, function, and interrelations of living organisms.
Special emphasis is given to structured, modular programming.
Special emphasis is given to taping and wrapping techniques.
Special emphasis is given to teacher-pupil relationships.
Special emphasis is given to team building.
Special emphasis is given to teamwork and leadership skills and supervising a multi-cultural staff.
Special emphasis is given to techniques used in the sight-reading of choral music.
Special emphasis is given to technologies which enhance the effectiveness of supply chain.
Special emphasis is given to terms commonly used in occupational safety and health.
Special emphasis is given to Texas law with occasional references to other jurisdictions.
Special emphasis is given to the advantages of living-donor transplantation where applicable.
Special emphasis is given to the analysis as applied to business problems.
Special emphasis is given to the analysis of labor markets for each school.
Special emphasis is given to the application of computers in instruction.
Special emphasis is given to the application of molecular biology and biotechnology approaches.
Special emphasis is given to the application of the theories in mediated communication settings.
Special emphasis is given to the appropriate rules, regulations, documentation, and procedures.
Special emphasis is given to the areas of property, contract, liability and criminal law.
Special emphasis is given to the aspect of marketing management.
Special emphasis is given to the astronomical techniques required to obtain knowledge.
Special emphasis is given to the Atlantic marine invertebrates.
Special emphasis is given to the attitudes of policy-makers, recipients and the general public.
Special emphasis is given to the availability of parks for families with children.
Special emphasis is given to the bacteria and to the role of microorganisms in disease.
Special emphasis is given to the care of older houses.
Special emphasis is given to the church as a learning organization.
Special emphasis is given to the company's information systems.
Special emphasis is given to the concept that safety is everyone s responsibility.
Special emphasis is given to the constitutional development of the nation.
Special emphasis is given to the court's interpretation of legislation.
Special emphasis is given to the critical analysis of speeches.
Special emphasis is given to the design and evaluation of planning and control systems.
Special emphasis is given to the detection of deficiencies.
Special emphasis is given to the developing theological themes.
Special emphasis is given to the development and execution of media proposals.
Special emphasis is given to the developments of the past two decades.
Special emphasis is given to the dialogue with neighbouring countries in the region.
Special emphasis is given to the differences between the federal and state taxes.
Special emphasis is given to the display and elucidation of contemporary art in all media.
Special emphasis is given to the dissolution of marriage.
Special emphasis is given to the divisibility property of integers, prime numbers, and congruences.
Special emphasis is given to the effect of planning and policy issues on service delivery.
Special emphasis is given to the effects of cleft lip and cleft palate on oral communication.
Special emphasis is given to the effects on behavior as supported by recent clinical studies.
Special emphasis is given to the embryonic period.
Special emphasis is given to the environmental framework in which global firms operate.
Special emphasis is given to the ethical and legal dimensions of human resources management.
Special emphasis is given to the evaluation of the effect of the lower boundary condition.
Special emphasis is given to the federal tax policy considerations inherent in resolving tax issues.
Special emphasis is given to the forces that have contributed to the formation of modern Europe.
Special emphasis is given to the functioning of excitable cell membranes.
Special emphasis is given to the geographical, historical and cultural background of the Bible.
Special emphasis is given to the grief process and it's multicultural context.
Special emphasis is given to the growth of institutions and ideas.
Special emphasis is given to the head, neck, and thorax.
Special emphasis is given to the health care of Central American people.
Special emphasis is given to the historiography of the French Revolution.
Special emphasis is given to the history and future of urban areas.
Special emphasis is given to the human perspective on biology.
Special emphasis is given to the identification of emerging issues.
Special emphasis is given to the improvement of software engi-neering processes.
Special emphasis is given to the interaction between policy and form.
Special emphasis is given to the interdisciplinary nature of mass communications.
Special emphasis is given to the interpretation and evaluation of current legislation.
Special emphasis is given to the investigation of new environmental and occupational diseases.
Special emphasis is given to the issue of Chinese modernization from different perspectives.
Special emphasis is given to the issues of indus-trial development in coastal zone management.
Special emphasis is given to the Legal Profession Act and the Professional Conduct Handbook.
Special emphasis is given to the licensure application process and job placement.
Special emphasis is given to the limits within which American policy choices are made.
Special emphasis is given to the masterworks of Western Classical music.
Special emphasis is given to the meaning of violence.
Special emphasis is given to the microbial synthesis of novel biomaterials.
Special emphasis is given to the mobility of heavy metals and rare earth elements during weathering.
Special emphasis is given to the molecular architecture of cells and to bio- energetics.
Special emphasis is given to the most recent consumer research.
Special emphasis is given to the nutritional needs of infants, children, mothers and the elderly.
Special emphasis is given to the personal growth involved in valuing diversity.
Special emphasis is given to the place of the arts in man's social development.
Special emphasis is given to the policy priorities of the middle-income economies.
Special emphasis is given to the potential role of large food companies.
Special emphasis is given to the practical aspects of bookkeeping as a career.
Special emphasis is given to the preparation of preachers of the gospel.
Special emphasis is given to the preparation, critique, and delivery of videotaped sermons in class.
Special emphasis is given to the process of structuring learning experiences.
Special emphasis is given to the processes that cause the spatial variability of snow cover.
Special emphasis is given to the production of monomers and their conversion to polymers.
Special emphasis is given to the promotion of existing standards, and the development of new ones.
Special emphasis is given to the quantum theory of measurement.
Special emphasis is given to the question of contemporary party disarray and potential realignment.
Special emphasis is given to the question of the social and economic positions of urban women.
Special emphasis is given to the rationale and examples of actions to develop such linkages.
Special emphasis is given to the real holomorphy rings of real fields.
Special emphasis is given to the relationship of form to foreground or surface musical detail.
Special emphasis is given to the remote edit, compile, and debug facilities.
Special emphasis is given to the revolutionary-constitutional period.
Special emphasis is given to the rise of African communities in the New World.
Special emphasis is given to the role of sugars in oral disease.
Special emphasis is given to the role of the counselor.
Special emphasis is given to the roles of religion and society in personality.
Special emphasis is given to the scriptural basis for Catholic doctrines and beliefs.
Special emphasis is given to the sequence of concepts for the lower elementary level.
Special emphasis is given to the social organization of metropolitan areas in the United States.
Special emphasis is given to the spelling, pronunciation, and definition of terminology.
Special emphasis is given to the structure and basic themes of each book.
Special emphasis is given to the struggle for independence.
Special emphasis is given to the student's applied area.
Special emphasis is given to the study of black feminist theory.
Special emphasis is given to the study of historical methods.
Special emphasis is given to the study of narratives from a developmental perspective.
Special emphasis is given to the study of vertebrates including man.
Special emphasis is given to the terminology and procedures unique to the medical field.
Special emphasis is given to the theoretical basis for accounting.
Special emphasis is given to the topic of professional ethics in the accounting profession.
Special emphasis is given to the use and misuse of propaganda.
Special emphasis is given to the use of family finances in achieving goals.
Special emphasis is given to the various purposes of contemporary critical activity.
Special emphasis is given to the vertebrates of Wisconsin.
Special emphasis is given to the ways in which 'news' is selected, produced and disseminated.
Special emphasis is given to the ways new technologies have altered and are altered by regulation.
Special emphasis is given to the wettest monsoon modes.
Special emphasis is given to the writers of ancient Greece.
Special emphasis is given to their potential role, if any, in cancer prevention and management.
Special emphasis is given to theoretical analysis as applied to business problems.
Special emphasis is given to thermodynamics, changes of state and chemical kinetics.
Special emphasis is given to time-dependent processes involved in memory storage.
Special emphasis is given to trade with China, Japan and Korea.
Special emphasis is given to transportation of freight.
Special emphasis is given to U.S. production and trade.
Special emphasis is given to understanding sexual differences and making effective sexual decisions.
Special emphasis is given to use of categorical variables in regression.
Special emphasis is given to using assessment to diagnose student needs.
Special emphasis is given to vegetation management.
Special emphasis is given to 'verbs of motion' and 'verb aspect', and to vocabulary development.
Special emphasis is given to views, joins, subqueries, and checking for referential integrity.
Special emphasis is given to visual perception.
Special emphasis is given to water and air pollution, solid waste, noise and toxic substances.
Special emphasis is given to water conservation incorporating flow and drip technologies.
Special emphasis is given to web-based instructional design and delivery.
Special emphasis is given to what can go wrong, and how to fix it when it does.
Special emphasis is given to women and minorities.
Special emphasis is given to women in non-Western societies.
Special emphasis is given to women who have limited access to services.
Special emphasis is given to women, immigrants, and workers of color.
Special emphasis is given to women, the handicapped, and minorities.
Special emphasis is given to working with underserved and vulnerable populations.
Special emphasis is given to working with vulnerable populations, especially in urban America.
Special emphasis is given to writing and presenting a major research project.
Special emphasis is given to writing genres frequently employed in ministry situations.
Special emphasis is given to writing short essays in response to readings.
Special emphasis is given to writing styles frequently employed in ministry situations.
Special emphasis is given to written English in academic contexts.
Special emphasis is givin to the four operations of fractions, mixed numbers and decimals.
Special emphasis is in nursing, nutrition, gerontology, chronic and terminal illness.
Special emphasis is in the area of scattering from large cavities, such as the jet engine inlets.
Special emphasis is laid on analysing large datasets.
Special emphasis is laid on getting a correct description of the pressure development.
Special emphasis is laid on graphical methods.
Special emphasis is laid on neat handwriting,reading and correct pronunciation.
Special emphasis is laid on supporting the study of nineteenth century literary movements.
Special emphasis is laid on teacher's training.
Special emphasis is laid on the artistic refinement and the academic treatment.
Special emphasis is laid on the development dimension.
Special emphasis is laid on the hope of salvation .
Special emphasis is laid on the interaction of different fields of mathematics.
Special emphasis is laid on the skills of oral presentation.
Special emphasis is laid upon the impact of European integration.
Special emphasis is laid upon understanding the capital market and evaluating financial instruments.
Special emphasis is made in the field of water quality.
Special emphasis is made in the importance of relevant play activities.
Special emphasis is made on issues of anger.
Special emphasis is made on reading abnormal bone marrow case studies.
Special emphasis is made to get a correct description of the pressure development.
Special emphasis is on alcohol, tobacco and vegetarianism.
Special emphasis is on British Empire such as the Victorian period.
Special emphasis is on California, but the information is broadly applicable.
Special emphasis is on circuit applications of interest in the experimental sciences.
Special emphasis is on confidential oral and written communication.
Special emphasis is on critical evaluations of the literature.
Special emphasis is on developing acoustic MEMS such as microphone, microspeaker, etc.
Special emphasis is on differences between start-up operations and established multinational firms.
Special emphasis is on early warning and smoke detection.
Special emphasis is on economics and industry, but also includes social conditions, labor, etc.
Special emphasis is on encouraging women and students of color.
Special emphasis is on engine design and development.
Special emphasis is on English literature and the contemporary era.
Special emphasis is on environmentally benign chemical and material processing .
Special emphasis is on equipping students with skills for community development and self-employment.
Special emphasis is on extended conversation and short speeches, and communicating ideas in writing.
Special emphasis is on field study of several communities.
Special emphasis is on finishing of each ornament so that it appears marketable.
Special emphasis is on finite element model building and advanced postprocessing.
Special emphasis is on fly fishing for all levels of expertise, and fair chase, free range hunts.
Special emphasis is on form, themes, conventions, devices, and mythological background.
Special emphasis is on German and foreign fiscal and tax policy.
Special emphasis is on government, housing, planning, and transportation.
Special emphasis is on high-quality theoretical and empirical papers on current policy issues.
Special emphasis is on inner city character and problems and suburbanization.
Special emphasis is on innovative methods for visualization of scalar and vector fields.
Special emphasis is on integration of function in the whole organism.
Special emphasis is on interdisciplinary research.
Special emphasis is on international, national, and state regulation and conservation.
Special emphasis is on keyboarding and basic office duties and responsibilities.
Special emphasis is on literacy and health care procedures issues.
Special emphasis is on methodologies for design, planning, and management of manufacturing systems.
Special emphasis is on microirrigation.
Special emphasis is on plants of the Pacific Islands.
Special emphasis is on policies, which have been implemented with success in Europe.
Special emphasis is on practices in the secondary school.
Special emphasis is on preparing the student to become a setup person and operator.
Special emphasis is on primary source materials.
Special emphasis is on quantitative research tools, modeling and simulation techniques.
Special emphasis is on reading abnormal bone marrow case studies.
Special emphasis is on regeneration and development within metropolitan contexts.
Special emphasis is on relationships between social class and race as well as ethnicity.
Special emphasis is on resources in West Virginia.
Special emphasis is on school operational procedures.
Special emphasis is on sexual battery and domestic violence.
Special emphasis is on synthesis, molecules affecting stability, and degradation.
Special emphasis is on techniques which build winning teams that produce dramatic, positive results.
Special emphasis is on the analysis of the method s accuracy.
Special emphasis is on the contribution of the Mexican-American.
Special emphasis is on the determination of protein structures by X-ray crystallography.
Special emphasis is on the establishment of Christian iconography and the evolution of church types.
Special emphasis is on the facilitating of postgraduate training in laser physics.
Special emphasis is on the greenhouse effect and evidence of previous climate change.
Special emphasis is on the impact of administrative law in the business world.
Special emphasis is on the implementation of non-directive play therapy techniques.
Special emphasis is on the integration of function in the whole organism.
Special emphasis is on the interplay of the components of the child welfare system.
Special emphasis is on the law and business relationships.
Special emphasis is on the main currents of medieval thought.
Special emphasis is on the method's accuracy, efficiency, and versatility.
Special emphasis is on the practical aspects of fruit disease management.
Special emphasis is on the role emerging Middle Eastern nations have been taking in world affairs.
Special emphasis is on the school garden and orchard.
Special emphasis is on the scientific approach to understanding genetic principles in case studies.
Special emphasis is on the social and ethical issues which arise in business law.
Special emphasis is on the student s self-awareness.
Special emphasis is on the terminology unique to options investments.
Special emphasis is on the treatment in books of contemporary social problems and conditions.
Special emphasis is on the use of biotechnology for production of future foods.
Special emphasis is on the use of locally growing timber.
Special emphasis is on training students in the commentaire or explication de texte.
Special emphasis is on uncertainty and validity of the modelling.
Special emphasis is on updating budgets and amendments for federally funded programs.
Special emphasis is on usability testing of the interactive system under development.
Special emphasis is on user-friendly operation and easy data analysis.
Special emphasis is on using English language skills in everyday and academic contexts.
Special emphasis is on women and students of color.
Special emphasis is on word structure, context clues and use of the dictionary.
Special emphasis is on writing styles used in the profession.
Special emphasis is paid to design and implementation of concurrent algorithms.
Special emphasis is paid to how the underlying information model is layered.
Special emphasis is paid to the relationship between nerve traffic and release of transmitters.
Special emphasis is place on developing creative thinking, analytical, and self-evaluation skills.
Special emphasis is placed at present on the interactions between carbon and nitrogen metabolisms.
Special emphasis is placed in developing more advanced communication skills.
Special emphasis is placed on a close look at how air traffic controllers perform their duties.
Special emphasis is placed on a review of mathematics.
Special emphasis is placed on a training in chemistry .
Special emphasis is placed on a true, flat walk.
Special emphasis is placed on abdominal, colo-rectal, vascular, and oncologic surgery.
Special emphasis is placed on accident prevention.
Special emphasis is placed on advanced writing skills.
Special emphasis is placed on advertising content as a mechanism of persuasion.
Special emphasis is placed on age appropriate activities and behaviors.
Special emphasis is placed on agents used during emergency medical services.
Special emphasis is placed on alleviation of pain and discomfort to experimental animals.
Special emphasis is placed on amphiboles, feldspars, micas, and pyroxenes.
Special emphasis is placed on an examination of group interaction as it relates to discussion.
Special emphasis is placed on analyses of variations and anomalies.
Special emphasis is placed on analysis of primary sources and essay writing.
Special emphasis is placed on analytical and quantitative decision models.
Special emphasis is placed on analyzing for creative merit and technical quality.
Special emphasis is placed on applications relevant to agricultural and consumer economics.
Special emphasis is placed on applications to business systems.
Special emphasis is placed on applications to humans.
Special emphasis is placed on applications.
Special emphasis is placed on apraxia.
Special emphasis is placed on areas in which Sweden has a considerable level of expertise to offer.
Special emphasis is placed on Asian and Eastern European science and technology titles.
Special emphasis is placed on assessment and the mastery of specific skills.
Special emphasis is placed on assessments conducted in the local area.
Special emphasis is placed on assisting students of all ages in meeting educational objectives.
Special emphasis is placed on assuring thorough development of the basic skills.
Special emphasis is placed on audience analysis and media techniques.
Special emphasis is placed on avoiding debt.
Special emphasis is placed on balance and core strength.
Special emphasis is placed on basic military mountaineering skills.
Special emphasis is placed on Bay Area writers.
Special emphasis is placed on behavioral analysis.
Special emphasis is placed on Bible verse and facts memorization.
Special emphasis is placed on biological and evolutionary theories of gender development.
Special emphasis is placed on boundary value problems and other useful calculational techniques.
Special emphasis is placed on business development and advertising.
Special emphasis is placed on business insurance and estate planning.
Special emphasis is placed on business planning.
Special emphasis is placed on business risks, coverage, and problems of risk management.
Special emphasis is placed on businesses in technological fields.
Special emphasis is placed on cardiovascular and aerobic exercise and nutrition.
Special emphasis is placed on career development and mentoring relationships.
Special emphasis is placed on career investigation and special business projects.
Special emphasis is placed on catabolism and fidelity of information transfer.
Special emphasis is placed on ceramics for teach- ers.
Special emphasis is placed on changes in contemporary Western societies.
Special emphasis is placed on character development , spiritual grown, citizenship and family.
Special emphasis is placed on Charleston and the Lowcountry.
Special emphasis is placed on children of economically diverse backgrounds and minority children.
Special emphasis is placed on children's apparel and youthwear.
Special emphasis is placed on cladistic and phenetic techniques to analyse data.
Special emphasis is placed on clarity and accuracy of spoken and written German.
Special emphasis is placed on classroom applications.
Special emphasis is placed on clients' response to drugs at various stages of the life span.
Special emphasis is placed on clinical proficiency and development of professional judgment.
Special emphasis is placed on cognitive theory as it relates to school learning.
Special emphasis is placed on collecting Mississippi legal titles.
Special emphasis is placed on communication and group dynamics.
Special emphasis is placed on communications in team settings and project management.
Special emphasis is placed on communities and populations at risk for diabetes.
Special emphasis is placed on community corrections and alcohol and drug abuse treatment.
Special emphasis is placed on complete assessment of complex, age-related therapeutic situations.
Special emphasis is placed on compliance and written, realistic action plans.
Special emphasis is placed on conservation of large mammals found in few other places on earth.
Special emphasis is placed on conserving plants native to Hawaii.
Special emphasis is placed on constructibility and cost-effective design alternatives.
Special emphasis is placed on contemporary music, sung almost entirely in four-part harmony.
Special emphasis is placed on contemporary schools and systems of psychological thought.
Special emphasis is placed on contemporary Western societies.
Special emphasis is placed on content, pedagogy, and high standards for all students.
Special emphasis is placed on continuing education for professionals and office personnel.
Special emphasis is placed on contrasting and comparing with English.
Special emphasis is placed on contribution from the European countries.
Special emphasis is placed on control and synchronization of components.
Special emphasis is placed on conversational skills.
Special emphasis is placed on cooperation with the Jewish community and Jewish organizations.
Special emphasis is placed on correcting alignment, developing strength, stamina and co-ordination.
Special emphasis is placed on cost and schedule control.
Special emphasis is placed on counseling and consultation skills.
Special emphasis is placed on court records that are of particular interest to family historians.
Special emphasis is placed on creating checklists and reports.
Special emphasis is placed on creative problem solving.
Special emphasis is placed on creative studies and principles of composition.
Special emphasis is placed on critical analysis of arguments.
Special emphasis is placed on critical thinking, logical expression of thought, and writing skills.
Special emphasis is placed on crop and house plants, as well as lawns.
Special emphasis is placed on cross-border collaboration.
Special emphasis is placed on cross-cultural sensitivity and language training.
Special emphasis is placed on current political events.
Special emphasis is placed on data and information analysis and communication skills.
Special emphasis is placed on data quality and cleansing.
Special emphasis is placed on descriptive and narrative writing.
Special emphasis is placed on design techniques.
Special emphasis is placed on designing for fatigue.
Special emphasis is placed on detail.
Special emphasis is placed on detailed circuit analysis.
Special emphasis is placed on developing a sophisticated understanding of world currency markets.
Special emphasis is placed on developing an appreciation for reading and learning for children.
Special emphasis is placed on developing an outdoor ethic within a Christian worldview.
Special emphasis is placed on developing and reviewing programs unique to physical education.
Special emphasis is placed on developing intermediate-level computer design skills.
Special emphasis is placed on developing leadership and communication skills.
Special emphasis is placed on developing piano skills, and basic piano voicings.
Special emphasis is placed on developing reading, writing, speaking, and listening skills.
Special emphasis is placed on developing techniques of effective written communication.
Special emphasis is placed on developing the basis for a lifetime of worthwhile leisure activity.
Special emphasis is placed on developing the cadets communicative skills.
Special emphasis is placed on developing the cadet's communicative skills.
Special emphasis is placed on developing the student's research aptitude.
Special emphasis is placed on development and trends of contemporary importance.
Special emphasis is placed on development of a personal visual language.
Special emphasis is placed on development of effective clinical communication skills.
Special emphasis is placed on development of speed, timing, balance, endurance, and concentration.
Special emphasis is placed on development of student's vocabulary in the visual arts discipline.
Special emphasis is placed on developmental activities, where relevant.
Special emphasis is placed on devising classroom drama workshops.
Special emphasis is placed on diagnosis and provision for individual needs within the content areas.
Special emphasis is placed on diagnostic procedures and pathogenesis.
Special emphasis is placed on diagnostic teaching in a whole-language classroom.
Special emphasis is placed on differences in social class, status, and power.
Special emphasis is placed on difficult and unusual tumors and the management of advanced cases.
Special emphasis is placed on discussion of development of research methodologies.
Special emphasis is placed on diversity in learning.
Special emphasis is placed on document structure and practical work.
Special emphasis is placed on drawing and painting - both strong areas for the department.
Special emphasis is placed on drug use among hunters.
Special emphasis is placed on each student's developing more acute listening and analytical skills.
Special emphasis is placed on early childhood readiness.
Special emphasis is placed on early intervention.
Special emphasis is placed on economic and fiscal policy analysis.
Special emphasis is placed on economic development.
Special emphasis is placed on economic, religious, cultural, diplomatic, and military exchanges.
Special emphasis is placed on educational uses of the Internet.
Special emphasis is placed on effective interview techniques and job search strategies.
Special emphasis is placed on effectiveness with undeserved populations.
Special emphasis is placed on effects.
Special emphasis is placed on electrochemistry and separation methods.
Special emphasis is placed on eliminating common errors and increasing fluency.
Special emphasis is placed on emergencies involving children and the elderly.
Special emphasis is placed on emergency management.
Special emphasis is placed on emotional aspects of parenting ADD children.
Special emphasis is placed on encouragement and support for provisional members.
Special emphasis is placed on enhancing leadership skills and supervision concepts.
Special emphasis is placed on enhancing self-esteem and developing self confidence.
Special emphasis is placed on entry-level incumbent worker training.
Special emphasis is placed on environmental and firm-level determinants of overall firm performance.
Special emphasis is placed on environmental, economic, and social issues.
Special emphasis is placed on establishing Hebrew studies as a major priority of the curriculum.
Special emphasis is placed on ethical and moral issues impacting the health profession.
Special emphasis is placed on Euclidean n-space.
Special emphasis is placed on Europe, including Russia, the Middle East, and Africa.
Special emphasis is placed on European and Asian communication systems.
Special emphasis is placed on evolutionary factors and the cognitive psychology of everyday events.
Special emphasis is placed on evolutionary forces and the biocultural development of early humans.
Special emphasis is placed on examining the role of markets.
Special emphasis is placed on excavation and survey techniques.
Special emphasis is placed on experience in studying and sailing historic vessels.
Special emphasis is placed on exports.
Special emphasis is placed on exposure controls and composition.
Special emphasis is placed on fair play and teamwork.
Special emphasis is placed on family preservation, family-centered practice, and couples practice.
Special emphasis is placed on family systems roles.
Special emphasis is placed on females as role models and leaders in science and technology.
Special emphasis is placed on finding ethical legal solutions to business problems.
Special emphasis is placed on fire safety in residential and public buildings.
Special emphasis is placed on fluid-structure interaction with advanced computational tools.
Special emphasis is placed on follow-up of high risk infants.
Special emphasis is placed on formatting documents for the business world using a project approach.
Special emphasis is placed on forms of argumentation, analysis, and persuasion.
Special emphasis is placed on forms of argumentation.
Special emphasis is placed on free promotional techniques.
Special emphasis is placed on French contemporary culture and issues.
Special emphasis is placed on front desk operations and management of hotels and motels.
Special emphasis is placed on front-office reception skills.
Special emphasis is placed on fun, sportsmanship, and teamwork.
Special emphasis is placed on generally accepted accounting principles and their application.
Special emphasis is placed on genitourinary oncology and neurourology.
Special emphasis is placed on geography, literature, economics and lifestyles.
Special emphasis is placed on geriatric clients and clients with chronic mental illness.
Special emphasis is placed on German language development.
Special emphasis is placed on getting others involved at the national convention.
Special emphasis is placed on global environmental change.
Special emphasis is placed on good, wholesome food on our camping safaris.
Special emphasis is placed on gospel, blues, urban contemporary, reggae and rap.
Special emphasis is placed on gospel, blues, urban contemporary, reggae, and rap.
Special emphasis is placed on granting legal recognition to the rights of African women to land.
Special emphasis is placed on ground strokes and basics.
Special emphasis is placed on 'hands-on' learning and application.
Special emphasis is placed on health determinants rather than diseases.
Special emphasis is placed on health education and prevention.
Special emphasis is placed on healthy food from local or organic sources.
Special emphasis is placed on heart pathologies.
Special emphasis is placed on high demand, high interest materials for person of all ages.
Special emphasis is placed on highlighting the implicit assumptions of the various models.
Special emphasis is placed on historical research and independent study.
Special emphasis is placed on housing and long-term care for elderly immigrants.
Special emphasis is placed on how firms are establishing successful global strategies.
Special emphasis is placed on how holidays reinforce the importance of community in our lives.
Special emphasis is placed on how the Bible speaks to contemporary issues and needs.
Special emphasis is placed on how to integrate direct marketing into the overall marketing mix.
Special emphasis is placed on hymnology and the relationship of music to the liturgy.
Special emphasis is placed on idea generation and the creative process.
Special emphasis is placed on identification of funding sources and the concept of risk management.
Special emphasis is placed on identifying flowering plants.
Special emphasis is placed on improving listening comprehension and speaking skills.
Special emphasis is placed on improving students' writing skills.
Special emphasis is placed on incorporating multimedia elements to develop dynamic web sites.
Special emphasis is placed on increasing the student's active French vocabulary.
Special emphasis is placed on inculcating good habits in children and adolescents.
Special emphasis is placed on individual and group therapeutic approaches.
Special emphasis is placed on industrialized nations, particularly Canada and Western Europe.
Special emphasis is placed on in-shore marine and freshwater environments.
Special emphasis is placed on integrating data from diverse sources to develop combined soundings.
Special emphasis is placed on integrative systems neuroscience.
Special emphasis is placed on intensive listening.
Special emphasis is placed on interactions between viral and cellular gene products.
Special emphasis is placed on international codes and cases to facilitate a practical approach.
Special emphasis is placed on international cooperation and peaceful coexistence among nations.
Special emphasis is placed on internetworking and local-area networking.
Special emphasis is placed on interpretation of published work.
Special emphasis is placed on interpreting ASL texts into equivalent English texts.
Special emphasis is placed on issues of political economy and international security.
Special emphasis is placed on joint locking techniques as well as striking from the ground.
Special emphasis is placed on knowledge of and skills in geography.
Special emphasis is placed on large-scale problems.
Special emphasis is placed on learning to make more money.
Special emphasis is placed on learning to make use of the Internet.
Special emphasis is placed on life safety in residential and public buildings.
Special emphasis is placed on life skills necessary to function successfully in society.
Special emphasis is placed on life support systems.
Special emphasis is placed on lighting instrument, dimmers, technical drawing and design.
Special emphasis is placed on linear and quadratic functions as the modelling functions.
Special emphasis is placed on listening and speaking strategies and on vocabulary enrichment.
Special emphasis is placed on literature to be used in the church services.
Special emphasis is placed on macroeconomics and topics of importance to bankers.
Special emphasis is placed on managing projects and working with clients.
Special emphasis is placed on mandibular movement and maxillomandibular relationships.
Special emphasis is placed on marketing support in particular.
Special emphasis is placed on mastering full control of the cycle.
Special emphasis is placed on mastering full control of the motorcycle.
Special emphasis is placed on materiel acquisition and joint logistics.
Special emphasis is placed on maximizing note-taking, textbook reading and exam performance skills.
Special emphasis is placed on media as a means of conveying information.
Special emphasis is placed on medical format, spelling, punctuation and grammar.
Special emphasis is placed on medical vocabulary.
Special emphasis is placed on meeting the needs of persons requiring modifications of food intake.
Special emphasis is placed on mental math, computational skills and estimation.
Special emphasis is placed on metaphysical poets.
Special emphasis is placed on methods of analysis and the use of historical evidence.
Special emphasis is placed on methods used to obtain and interpret results by X-ray crystallography.
Special emphasis is placed on microalgal mass production systems for aquaculture.
Special emphasis is placed on minimum income schemes.
Special emphasis is placed on modelling practical problems.
Special emphasis is placed on modern materials and recent advancements in their application.
Special emphasis is placed on monetary policy as it affects the level of economic activity.
Special emphasis is placed on monitoring the patient while under any type of anesthesia.
Special emphasis is placed on moral and ethical behavior, education, and job training.
Special emphasis is placed on movements which increase circulation.
Special emphasis is placed on multicultural mathematics.
Special emphasis is placed on needs of the elderly and handicapped.
Special emphasis is placed on networks and information seeking.
Special emphasis is placed on new aqueous-phase derivatization agents.
Special emphasis is placed on North American cultural regions.
Special emphasis is placed on nursing documentation, the nursing process, and care planning.
Special emphasis is placed on nutritional needs for physical fitness.
Special emphasis is placed on obtaining information from Japanese language literature.
Special emphasis is placed on offering homes with features that compliment individual lifestyles.
Special emphasis is placed on offering viticulture materials, reference materials and services.
Special emphasis is placed on officer and bystander safety during two very volatile situations.
Special emphasis is placed on one such program in Northwest Florida.
Special emphasis is placed on opportunities for women and minorities.
Special emphasis is placed on opportunities for women and youth.
Special emphasis is placed on oral and aural skills.
Special emphasis is placed on oral presentations.
Special emphasis is placed on oral, written, and electronic communication skills.
Special emphasis is placed on organisms of medical importance.
Special emphasis is placed on organization responses to new trends and changing circumstances.
Special emphasis is placed on original research and recent developments in the field.
Special emphasis is placed on oscillatory phenomena.
Special emphasis is placed on permanent training.
Special emphasis is placed on personal growth and academic success.
Special emphasis is placed on personal treatment for each patient.
Special emphasis is placed on phonetics.
Special emphasis is placed on phonics instruction.
Special emphasis is placed on photojournalistic approaches to news and feature stories.
Special emphasis is placed on planning, writing and editing in-class.
Special emphasis is placed on political theory.
Special emphasis is placed on population dynamics, community ecology, and reproductive behavior.
Special emphasis is placed on portable camcorders and editing equipment.
Special emphasis is placed on post divorce shared parenting with a slight Canadian flavour.
Special emphasis is placed on practical applications and problem solving.
Special emphasis is placed on practical applications.
Special emphasis is placed on practices and values held both here and in the cultures of origin.
Special emphasis is placed on prefixes and suffixes.
Special emphasis is placed on pregnancy and common gynecological problems.
Special emphasis is placed on preparation and fabrication of ceramometal restorations.
Special emphasis is placed on preparing for federal taxes.
Special emphasis is placed on preventative measures.
Special emphasis is placed on previewing, note-taking, outlining, and summarizing information.
Special emphasis is placed on principles and methods of sterilization and sanitation.
Special emphasis is placed on principles for single mothers.
Special emphasis is placed on principles of ecology as well as evolutionary relationships.
Special emphasis is placed on problem cases and their treatment.
Special emphasis is placed on problem formulation.
Special emphasis is placed on problem solving and use of technology.
Special emphasis is placed on problem solving relative to the student's area of specialization.
Special emphasis is placed on problems appearing in chemical engineering applications.
Special emphasis is placed on problems of interest to the creationist.
Special emphasis is placed on problems of urbanization and population policies.
Special emphasis is placed on problems unique to managers in the field of health administration.
Special emphasis is placed on process design of waste handling, treatment and disposal systems.
Special emphasis is placed on producing mailable documents.
Special emphasis is placed on proficiency of differential counting of peripheral blood smears.
Special emphasis is placed on programs that are international in nature.
Special emphasis is placed on programs that support residents in rural areas.
Special emphasis is placed on projects that advance national drug control policies.
Special emphasis is placed on proper program style, including modularity and structured design.
Special emphasis is placed on proper report writing for accurate, effective, and useful results.
Special emphasis is placed on proposals that benefit the largest number of employees and students.
Special emphasis is placed on propulsion fluid systems testing.
Special emphasis is placed on providing assistance with the application of research findings.
Special emphasis is placed on providing hands-on skill training for participants.
Special emphasis is placed on providing instructive figures.
Special emphasis is placed on public policy alternatives.
Special emphasis is placed on publication responsibility and ethics.
Special emphasis is placed on quantifying and discussing the impact of model choice on the results.
Special emphasis is placed on reaching adolescents, women, and people of color.
Special emphasis is placed on reaching students, immigrants and shut-ins.
Special emphasis is placed on real-world applications of knowledge and skills.
Special emphasis is placed on recent decisions and developments in administrative law.
Special emphasis is placed on recent developments, crucial issues and future trends.
Special emphasis is placed on recruiting new sectors of the economy such as information technology.
Special emphasis is placed on reducing the amount of saturated fat in the diet.
Special emphasis is placed on reforming the food sector, which is vital to economic growth.
Special emphasis is placed on regional sustainable planning and design issues and concerns.
Special emphasis is placed on regulatory and legislative developments.
Special emphasis is placed on relating past trends to current developments.
Special emphasis is placed on report preparation and computer-aided data reduction.
Special emphasis is placed on representing clients in local forums.
Special emphasis is placed on research and writing skills.
Special emphasis is placed on research, planning, and survey techniques.
Special emphasis is placed on research-based writing and argumentation.
Special emphasis is placed on retrofitting farm equipment to perform compost tasks.
Special emphasis is placed on revenue mobilization and the establishment of local revenue systems.
Special emphasis is placed on risk assessment, apoptosis, and methodological developments.
Special emphasis is placed on road transportation and transportation economics.
Special emphasis is placed on role of citizens in a self-governing nation.
Special emphasis is placed on rules interpretation, skill development, and strategies.
Special emphasis is placed on Saami law and maritime law.
Special emphasis is placed on safety and environmental protection.
Special emphasis is placed on safety and property rights.
Special emphasis is placed on safety precautions necessary in handling equipment.
Special emphasis is placed on scene and lighting design.
Special emphasis is placed on screening patients for prostate cancer.
Special emphasis is placed on script analysis and historical research.
Special emphasis is placed on seasonal seafood, game and other regional delicacies.
Special emphasis is placed on security considerations.
Special emphasis is placed on selling as a persuasive marketing activity.
Special emphasis is placed on services and issues relevant to members of a college community.
Special emphasis is placed on services to the less fortunate and to children.
Special emphasis is placed on serving the needs and recognizing the accomplishments of young people.
Special emphasis is placed on set design and technical drawing.
Special emphasis is placed on setting and ascending fixed lines.
Special emphasis is placed on setting goals and career information.
Special emphasis is placed on skill and officer safety.
Special emphasis is placed on skills acquisition and use.
Special emphasis is placed on small and medium enterprises, especially in the agricultural area.
Special emphasis is placed on social gerontology from a Christian perspective.
Special emphasis is placed on social studies as the core of classroom life and learning.
Special emphasis is placed on social, cultural and political developments and shifts.
Special emphasis is placed on socio-cultural and psychological aspects.
Special emphasis is placed on software that is useful in teaching students with a variety of needs.
Special emphasis is placed on solar cell and detector research.
Special emphasis is placed on solutions for large-scale requirements.
Special emphasis is placed on solving the problem of financing the new venture.
Special emphasis is placed on speaking, comprehension and vocabulary building.
Special emphasis is placed on speaking, comprehension, and vocabulary building.
Special emphasis is placed on speaking, writing, comprehension, and vocabulary building.
Special emphasis is placed on spermiation, ovulation, fertilization, implantation and pregnancy.
Special emphasis is placed on sports for the handicapped.
Special emphasis is placed on spreads accessing multiple cash and futures feeds.
Special emphasis is placed on stimulating an interest in and appreciation for reading in children.
Special emphasis is placed on storytelling.
Special emphasis is placed on strategic planning and the writing of the marketing plan.
Special emphasis is placed on strengthening analytic skills.
Special emphasis is placed on strengthening student, faculty, and staff involvement.
Special emphasis is placed on structural principles, reactions and reaction mechanisms.
Special emphasis is placed on student-developed curricula.
Special emphasis is placed on study abroad in Italy, Switzerland, and the Netherlands.
Special emphasis is placed on study of the sources of and challenges to the legitimacy of law.
Special emphasis is placed on studying techniques and methods of working with the actor.
Special emphasis is placed on supervised counseling experience.
Special emphasis is placed on system block diagram concepts.
Special emphasis is placed on systemic disorders affecting the lower extremity.
Special emphasis is placed on systems oriented design and on design theory and history.
Special emphasis is placed on targeting infants and high risk pregnant women, especially teenagers.
Special emphasis is placed on taxonomy, physiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis, and treatment.
Special emphasis is placed on techniques for developing options and selecting sound strategy.
Special emphasis is placed on techniques of observation, measurement, and data collection.
Special emphasis is placed on testing procedures.
Special emphasis is placed on text, images, video and audio.
Special emphasis is placed on the abstract and the treatment of uncertainty.
Special emphasis is placed on the actual production and performance of a musical.
Special emphasis is placed on the aging process and gerontological research.
Special emphasis is placed on the Alaska state and local systems.
Special emphasis is placed on the American Civil War.
Special emphasis is placed on the analysis and development of control circuits.
Special emphasis is placed on the application of statistical methods in the structural design.
Special emphasis is placed on the application of the computer to research and image digitization.
Special emphasis is placed on the application of theory to public relations planning and practice.
Special emphasis is placed on the applications encountered in the natural gas industry.
Special emphasis is placed on the archetypal nature and modern interpretations of classical myths.
Special emphasis is placed on the Australian situation and alternative explanations.
Special emphasis is placed on the bagua.
Special emphasis is placed on the biographies of significant and influential women.
Special emphasis is placed on the biological portions of EIRs and impact on flora and fauna.
Special emphasis is placed on the bones, muscles and nerves of the body.
Special emphasis is placed on the causes and consequences of prejudice and discrimination.
Special emphasis is placed on the changes in the former Soviet Union.
Special emphasis is placed on the character including design, anatomy, weight and expression.
Special emphasis is placed on the child's active involvement in many age appropriate experiences.
Special emphasis is placed on the clinical application of anatomy to the various dental disciplines.
Special emphasis is placed on the clinical management of obstetrical patients.
Special emphasis is placed on the comparison of various perspectives.
Special emphasis is placed on the comparison of various.
Special emphasis is placed on the concept of living history.
Special emphasis is placed on the concepts of demand, cost and supply theories.
Special emphasis is placed on the concepts, methods and data used by human geographers.
Special emphasis is placed on the construction of formal proofs.
Special emphasis is placed on the contemporary American family.
Special emphasis is placed on the contingent claims model for security valuation.
Special emphasis is placed on the contrast between vocal and instrumental music.
Special emphasis is placed on the contributions of science, technology, economics and mathematics.
Special emphasis is placed on the correlation of structure with function as seen in the human.
Special emphasis is placed on the creation of messages and the selection of media.
Special emphasis is placed on the critical impact of the life cycle of a product.
Special emphasis is placed on the cultural and political development of the kingdom.
Special emphasis is placed on the cultural and social diversity of international markets.
Special emphasis is placed on the current season of the Christian year.
Special emphasis is placed on the description of basic skills used in business operations.
Special emphasis is placed on the design dimensions of the built environment.
Special emphasis is placed on the design process and problem solving.
Special emphasis is placed on the determination of regularity properties and subgraph structure.
Special emphasis is placed on the development of a primary data survey research project.
Special emphasis is placed on the development of professional competence.
Special emphasis is placed on the development of social skills.
Special emphasis is placed on the development of study skills in all subjects.
Special emphasis is placed on the different types of cameras and films.
Special emphasis is placed on the dos and don'ts of an effective interview.
Special emphasis is placed on the drafting of documents necessary in family law cases.
Special emphasis is placed on the dynamic character of policy making.
Special emphasis is placed on the dysfunction of neurotransmission in neuropsychiatric disorders.
Special emphasis is placed on the ecology of urban forests.
Special emphasis is placed on the economics of inflation.
Special emphasis is placed on the education of women and young people.
Special emphasis is placed on the educational implications of test findings.
Special emphasis is placed on the effect of fire on plant communities, soil, and wildlife.
Special emphasis is placed on the effective use of pharmaceutical literature.
Special emphasis is placed on the effective use of the pharmaceutical literature.
Special emphasis is placed on the effects of nutrient limitation on the pigment ratios.
Special emphasis is placed on the efficient management of people, materials, and equipment.
Special emphasis is placed on the electrophysiological aspects of the mechanism.
Special emphasis is placed on the elements of enforceable contracts.
Special emphasis is placed on the environmental aspect s of human's interaction with the earth.
Special emphasis is placed on the environmental aspects of humans' interaction with the earth.
Special emphasis is placed on the environmental problems associated with carbonate landscapes.
Special emphasis is placed on the environmental, economic and health effects of nuclear energy.
Special emphasis is placed on the ethical dilemmas faced by managers.
Special emphasis is placed on the ethical dilemmas faced by middle managers.
Special emphasis is placed on the evolution and diversity of organ systems.
Special emphasis is placed on the evolution of Ontario's separate school system.
Special emphasis is placed on the evolution of organ systems.
Special emphasis is placed on the federal tax aspects of separation and divorce.
Special emphasis is placed on the fields of human experimentation and genetics.
Special emphasis is placed on the following.
Special emphasis is placed on the genesis and continuation of the radio and television series.
Special emphasis is placed on the geriatric patient and the problems unique to that age group.
Special emphasis is placed on the greenhouse effect and the rain forests.
Special emphasis is placed on the growing Hispanic population in the United States.
Special emphasis is placed on the guidance and screening of applicantsinto the professional program.
Special emphasis is placed on the handicapped student.
Special emphasis is placed on the happiness of our pupils and close contact with parents.
Special emphasis is placed on the heirarchy of legal authority.
Special emphasis is placed on the herpetofauna of Pennsylvania.
Special emphasis is placed on the identification and encouragement of minority talent.
Special emphasis is placed on the identification and life history of native New York fauna.
Special emphasis is placed on the impact of contaminants on humans.
Special emphasis is placed on the impact of social change on sex roles in contemporary society.
Special emphasis is placed on the implementation of quick response programs for suppliers to retail.
Special emphasis is placed on the importance of commitment and compliance from staff.
Special emphasis is placed on the importance of reading aloud to children of all ages.
Special emphasis is placed on the infectious diseases commonly seen in office practice.
Special emphasis is placed on the informative and persuasive speech.
Special emphasis is placed on the integumentart, skeletal, muscular, nervous and endocrine systems.
Special emphasis is placed on the interaction between Western and non-Western societies.
Special emphasis is placed on the interactions of society and sea.
Special emphasis is placed on the international dimensions of operations.
Special emphasis is placed on the interpretation and presentation of the results.
Special emphasis is placed on the interrelationship between diet, nutrition, health, and disease.
Special emphasis is placed on the involvement of the microcomputer in today's construction industry.
Special emphasis is placed on the issue of product development cycle reduction.
Special emphasis is placed on the issues of developing applications for the Web environment.
Special emphasis is placed on the Judeo-Christian heritage found in Scripture and tradition.
Special emphasis is placed on the language arts area of writing and listening.
Special emphasis is placed on the language arts area of writing, listening, and speaking.
Special emphasis is placed on the life and culture of the French people.
Special emphasis is placed on the logical appraisal of everyday arguments.
Special emphasis is placed on the logical architecture of the system.
Special emphasis is placed on the management of stress and on the preparation for special events.
Special emphasis is placed on the manifestation of the religions in South Africa.
Special emphasis is placed on the medical aspects of genetics and human reproduction.
Special emphasis is placed on the medical terminology as it relates to the human body.
Special emphasis is placed on the microeconomic foundations of macroeconomic theory.
Special emphasis is placed on the moral and political philosophy of the period.
Special emphasis is placed on the music of the common-practice era.
Special emphasis is placed on the nature of the culture, politics, and religion.
Special emphasis is placed on the nutritional needs of the client.
Special emphasis is placed on the observation of living animals.
Special emphasis is placed on the paraprofessional role.
Special emphasis is placed on the philosophic relationship of dance to the various cultural epochs.
Special emphasis is placed on the physician's role as a contributor of health care services.
Special emphasis is placed on the planning and control responsibilities of practicing managers.
Special emphasis is placed on the political, economic and social development of the American nation.
Special emphasis is placed on the political, ethical, and technical issues faced by adult educators.
Special emphasis is placed on the potential hazards of radiation and occupational safety.
Special emphasis is placed on the practical training and on how to establish local churches.
Special emphasis is placed on the practical.
Special emphasis is placed on the present economic reform and the reform in the last decade.
Special emphasis is placed on the pre-war antebellum period.
Special emphasis is placed on the problems of containment, strategic arms, and arms control.
Special emphasis is placed on the problems of the close corporation.
Special emphasis is placed on the problems of the representative assembly in the twentieth century.
Special emphasis is placed on the procedures they followed to obtain the information.
Special emphasis is placed on the process of change and development within the area.
Special emphasis is placed on the process of translating from words into mathematics.
Special emphasis is placed on the proper use of the feet, legs, arms and dance posture.
Special emphasis is placed on the prospects of peace and world order in the post-cold war era.
Special emphasis is placed on the protection of human rights.
Special emphasis is placed on the psychological theories supporting child development research.
Special emphasis is placed on the publication of undergraduate research papers.
Special emphasis is placed on the railway, canal, lakes, iron and coal mining.
Special emphasis is placed on the relation of structure to function.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationship between human and test performance factors.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationship between muscle structure and muscle mechanics.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationship between the human and test performance factors.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationship between the worship leader and the pastor.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationship between theory and practice.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationship of structure to function.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationship of the head, neck and back.
Special emphasis is placed on the relationships of microorganisms to disease, sanitation and foods.
Special emphasis is placed on the requirements and problems of SMEs.
Special emphasis is placed on the responses of semi-natural plant communities.
Special emphasis is placed on the role and function of regulatory agencies in risk management.
Special emphasis is placed on the role and the operation of the government in the process.
Special emphasis is placed on the role of corporate outsourcing.
Special emphasis is placed on the role of epidemiology in disease prevention and health promotion.
Special emphasis is placed on the role of lifelong learning in a rapidly changing society.
Special emphasis is placed on the role of traditional foods in a cultural context.
Special emphasis is placed on the role of work in human functioning.
Special emphasis is placed on the role played by the banking system.
Special emphasis is placed on the sciences, math and technology.
Special emphasis is placed on the search and seizure requirements of the Fourth Amendment.
Special emphasis is placed on the second and third excited states.
Special emphasis is placed on the security and database architecture.
Special emphasis is placed on the semester musical.
Special emphasis is placed on the skills necessary for a paralegal to possess to work in the area.
Special emphasis is placed on the socio-economic impacts of the various media.
Special emphasis is placed on the soils of Delaware and their management.
Special emphasis is placed on the spring wildflowers and the prairie community.
Special emphasis is placed on the statistical modeling of business problems.
Special emphasis is placed on the still image.
Special emphasis is placed on the student's personal and family experience.
Special emphasis is placed on the study and performance of chamber music.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of anatomical structure and the tensions that animate form.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of complex diseases such as the human cancers.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of contracts and the Uniform Commercial Code.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of genres and themes.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of mathematics and the natural and physical sciences.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of polynomial, rational, and exponential functions.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of the macroeconomy.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of the various anatomical models and human cadaver.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of various anatomical models and human cadaver.
Special emphasis is placed on the study of Western art.
Special emphasis is placed on the subpolar regions where deep cold watermasses are formed.
Special emphasis is placed on the teacher's role as a facilitator of academic and personal growth.
Special emphasis is placed on the teaching of reading in the content area.
Special emphasis is placed on the theories and practices which pertain to decision-making groups.
Special emphasis is placed on the theories of the mechanism of action of drugs.
Special emphasis is placed on the theory and philosophy of coaching basketball.
Special emphasis is placed on the theory and philosophy of coaching soccer.
Special emphasis is placed on the theory and principles of accounting for a sole proprietorship.
Special emphasis is placed on the 'therapeutic explosion', which is revolutionizing the field today.
Special emphasis is placed on the threats to human health as a result of environmental degradation.
Special emphasis is placed on the transfer applicant's college transcript and recommendations.
Special emphasis is placed on the transitions between eras.
Special emphasis is placed on the treatment of contemporary social issues in books.
Special emphasis is placed on the tropopause region and the lower stratosphere.
Special emphasis is placed on the unique nature of nonprofit marketing.
Special emphasis is placed on the uniqueness of each individual and enhancing esteem.
Special emphasis is placed on the use and interpretation of research findings.
Special emphasis is placed on the use of legal video for preservation of deposition testimony.
Special emphasis is placed on the use of natural systems to treat nonpoint source pollution.
Special emphasis is placed on the use of state of the art components.
Special emphasis is placed on the use of technology.
Special emphasis is placed on the vertebrate organ systems.
Special emphasis is placed on the violence that has plagued Northern Ireland.
Special emphasis is placed on the visionary states of awareness and dreams of a visionary nature.
Special emphasis is placed on the visual differentiation of building styles.
Special emphasis is placed on the visual, auditory and somatosensory systems.
Special emphasis is placed on the working paper techniques involved.
Special emphasis is placed on the writing process and audience analysis.
Special emphasis is placed on their structure, function, interactions and relationships with humans.
Special emphasis is placed on their views on education and wealth in our society.
Special emphasis is placed on threatened or endangered plant species.
Special emphasis is placed on topics of high interest in the Pacific Rim.
Special emphasis is placed on treating the whole person.
Special emphasis is placed on trial and appellate advocacy.
Special emphasis is placed on troubleshooting electrical and mechanical problems.
Special emphasis is placed on undergraduate teaching.
Special emphasis is placed on understanding verbs and their place within written expression.
Special emphasis is placed on use of the partograph in monitoring labour.
Special emphasis is placed on using electronic media for research.
Special emphasis is placed on using matrix methods where appropriate.
Special emphasis is placed on using the least intrusive physical skill possible.
Special emphasis is placed on using the personal computer as a problem-solving tool.
Special emphasis is placed on utilization of information system technology.
Special emphasis is placed on vacutainer and syringe blood drawing methods and specimen processing.
Special emphasis is placed on weddings, funerals, and administering the ordinances of the church.
Special emphasis is placed on welding and cutting safety, as well as welding terms.
Special emphasis is placed on what the Scriptures say on contemporary issues.
Special emphasis is placed on women with children and pregnant women.
Special emphasis is placed on work in capitalist societies including the impact of new technologies.
Special emphasis is placed on work skills at an advanced level.
Special emphasis is placed on working with students who are struggling.
Special emphasis is placed on writing skills, comprehension, and literary analysis.
Special emphasis is placed on written and oral expression.
Special emphasis is placed on, correct typing techniques, developing speed, and improving accuracy.
Special emphasis is placed upon advanced techniques using digital output.
Special emphasis is placed upon analytical decision techniques and issues of implementation.
Special emphasis is placed upon application of the epidemiological concepts that are presented.
Special emphasis is placed upon both written and oral communication skills.
Special emphasis is placed upon building discipline relationships and small group ministry.
Special emphasis is placed upon calibration and troubleshooting.
Special emphasis is placed upon catechetical instruction.
Special emphasis is placed upon communication skills and ethical issues in leadership.
Special emphasis is placed upon community and institutional services for older people.
Special emphasis is placed upon critically evaluating and reporting results.
Special emphasis is placed upon development, learning, and teaching.
Special emphasis is placed upon direct and cross-examination of medical expert witnesses.
Special emphasis is placed upon field investigations and laboratory experiences.
Special emphasis is placed upon group dynamics, leadership skills and brief focused applications.
Special emphasis is placed upon how geography affects human activity.
Special emphasis is placed upon hymns and liturgical chanting of psalms and canticles.
Special emphasis is placed upon implementing theatre programs in the school setting.
Special emphasis is placed upon intensive early intervention for autism and related disorders.
Special emphasis is placed upon international tourism as a major growth area in the industry.
Special emphasis is placed upon interpretative and apologetic uses of archaeology.
Special emphasis is placed upon listening skills and the ability to follow directions.
Special emphasis is placed upon math, science and compute technology with the fine arts integration.
Special emphasis is placed upon molecular aspects of the subject.
Special emphasis is placed upon ocean and health studies, and advanced technical education.
Special emphasis is placed upon overcoming barriers and generating breakthrough results.
Special emphasis is placed upon personal service.
Special emphasis is placed upon planning an organizational training program.
Special emphasis is placed upon promoting critical thinking and decision making.
Special emphasis is placed upon providing counseling services for women, veterans.
Special emphasis is placed upon relaxation and breathing techniques used during labor.
Special emphasis is placed upon resume evaluation and the interviewing process.
Special emphasis is placed upon selecting a field of specialization and moving toward that goal.
Special emphasis is placed upon the chondrites, achondrites, iron, and stony-iron meteorites.
Special emphasis is placed upon the classification and nomenclature of the spermatophytes.
Special emphasis is placed upon the collection of rare books and manuscripts.
Special emphasis is placed upon the concepts of internal control over resources and transactions.
Special emphasis is placed upon the design of simulation experiments.
Special emphasis is placed upon the development of free conversational skills.
Special emphasis is placed upon the development of pragmatism.
Special emphasis is placed upon the development process of persons from birth until death.
Special emphasis is placed upon the encounter between the world of Torah and the secular world.
Special emphasis is placed upon the ethical interpretation of statistical findings.
Special emphasis is placed upon the federal rules of civil procedure.
Special emphasis is placed upon the generic units of classification.
Special emphasis is placed upon the home and church as resources for meeting the needs of youth.
Special emphasis is placed upon the human immune system.
Special emphasis is placed upon the importance of ethnic art forms to contemporary society.
Special emphasis is placed upon the international environment, and issues of diversity.
Special emphasis is placed upon the interpretative and apologetic uses of archaeology.
Special emphasis is placed upon the organization, methods, and techniques of instruction.
Special emphasis is placed upon the quest for human perfection as set forth in the romances.
Special emphasis is placed upon the relevance of metaphysical conclusions to human living.
Special emphasis is placed upon the structure of solid matter.
Special emphasis is placed upon the study of audience, diction, and rhetoric.
Special emphasis is placed upon the study of crystals.
Special emphasis is placed upon the use of reference materials.
Special emphasis is placed upon understanding and critiquing clinical practices and procedures.
Special emphasis is placed, however, on articles that touch on the external environment of business.
Special emphasis is provided for the type of mining in which students, are engaged.
Special emphasis is put in the labour situation of women.
Special emphasis is put on approximation to exponentials of polynomials.
Special emphasis is put on Arctic and Antarctic latitudes.
Special emphasis is put on aspiration adaptation theory.
Special emphasis is put on building of the community.
Special emphasis is put on computational lexicography and computational grammar.
Special emphasis is put on curriculum development, staff development and research collaboration.
Special emphasis is put on environmental education.
Special emphasis is put on home monitoring of glucose levels.
Special emphasis is put on improving the quality of education for female and rural students.
Special emphasis is put on Inuit language and culture.
Special emphasis is put on model validation and on models well-suited for computarization.
Special emphasis is put on novel pulping and bleaching methods.
Special emphasis is put on robotic systems.
Special emphasis is put on studying industrial workplaces and safety in construction sites.
Special emphasis is put on the analysis of Slovenian text .
Special emphasis is put on the development of the student's ability to do creative research.
Special emphasis is put on the endemic element.
Special emphasis is put on the measurements of quantum spatio-temporal correlations.
Special emphasis is put on the month's meaning in the course of our lives.
Special emphasis is put on the moral education of children and youth and the development of women.
Special emphasis is put on the nonlinear nature of the systems.
Special emphasis is put on the range of uncertainty in the modeling of the resolved component.
Special emphasis is put on the role of neuroleptics in the management of delirium.
Special emphasis is required on human health impacts and the effects of multiple stressors.
Special emphasis is required to keep criminal aliens off our streets.
Special emphasis is shown when the predicate comes first in the sentence.
Special emphasis is to be placed on the environment, infrastructure improvements and other sectors.
Special emphasis is upon the 'closed nations' of Asia.
Special employment Measures the extent which persons work during the year.
Special encryption prevents illegal copying of copyrighted books.
Special encyclopedias exist in most major subject areas.
Special endorsements are available for impaired property.
Special endorsements are available to cover elevation costs.
Special endorsements are available, at added cost, for sewers and drains.
Special engines have an unusual format or a very specific search function.
Special enhancers ensure immediate attraction and excellent product acceptance.
Special enquiries relating to Germany are also most welcome.
Special enrollment is required in two situations.
Special enrollments are subject to current tuition charges.
Special enrolment is available for certain electors.
Special entertainment completes the day.
Special entertainment is chosen for each luncheon and retiree reception.
Special entertainment is planned for all ages.
Special entertainment is scheduled including comedy and magic, rock bands and DJ music.
Special entertainment is supplied whether it be a skit, song, slide show or ball game.
Special entree are the same price as the selected entree.
Special entrees are available for senior citizens and children.
Special entry is available for some programs.
Special entry is available.
Special entry points for students, teachers, administrators, parents, and others.
Special entry requirements An enquiring mind and methodical approach.
Special entry requirements Creative talent and practical ability are essential.
Special entry requirements Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are essential.
Special entry requirements Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are vital to the job.
Special entry requirements Excellent communication skills and the ability to achieve sales targets.
Special entry requirements Excellent practical laboratory skills are essential.
Special entry requirements High levels of motivation and persistence are essential.
Special entry requirements Physical fitness and good health are important.
Special entry requirements Physical fitness and knowledge of current leisure trends are important.
Special entry requirements Physical fitness and self confidence is essential.
Special entry requirements Physical fitness is required.
Special entry requirements Some work experience is an advantage.
Special envelopes are available and a specific label is used.
Special envelopes are available free of charge outside the mail center.
Special envelopes are available.
Special envoy says continued fighting in Angola deeply disturbing.
Special envoy seeks to resolve differences over Western Sahara Settlement Plan.
Special epoxy holds the gutters to the floor.
Special equipment can shorten time spent measuring pressure drops across multiple zones .
Special equipment enables radiologists to read the ultrasound images.
Special equipment includes flatbed towing.
Special equipment includes micro troubleshooting systems and logic analysis.
Special equipment includes noise measurement and vibration testing facilities.
Special equipment is also available for children with cerebral palsy.
Special equipment is also available for use by handicapped passengers.
Special equipment is available for difficult materials such as shale and unconsolidated sand.
Special equipment is available for testing hearing.
Special equipment is available for use with glasses or beards.
Special equipment is loaned to play the recorded materials.
Special equipment is necessary to handle bulk bags.
Special equipment is necessary to keep tallow in a liquid state.
Special equipment is necessary to play the game.
Special equipment is needed for Gulf of Mexico sharks, such as mako and blackfin.
Special equipment is needed for insertion.
Special equipment is needed to access stored information.
Special equipment is needed to interface the two types of video.
Special equipment is needed to read stored information.
Special equipment is needed to receive the closed-circuit programming, and there is a waiting list.
Special equipment is needed when using horses for work.
Special equipment is needed.
Special equipment is provided and a certified instructor is always present.
Special equipment is required for Alaska and Hawaii.
Special equipment is required for application of anhydrous ammonia.
Special equipment is required for cleaning smoke detectors.
Special equipment is required for installation of modems and faxes.
Special equipment is required for lung lavage in the live animal.
Special equipment is required for proper cleaning.
Special equipment is required to place slurried materials to prevent dilution and separation.
Special equipment is required.
Special equipment is used at the air base that shows when conditions are prime for lightning.
Special equipment is used for higher speeds, which require digital techniques.
Special equipment is used to bend the conduit without kinking or denting it.
Special equipment is used to cover onions with soil during the growing season or at harvest.
Special equipment is used to lay in a pattern of fine grooves into the ski sole.
Special equipment is used to read microforms.
Special equipment is used to reduce any bruising during movement and processing of the apples.
Special equipment is used to search for covert devices transmitting on the airwaves.
Special equipment records the interactions between the incoming electrons and the targets.
Special equipment used by students includes the skin fold caliper used to analyze body composition.
Special equipment uses photons instead of electrons to perform calculations to detect abnormalities.
Special equipments are available when and where needed.
Some special equipment is also available.
Some special equipment is necessary for ADSL service.
Some special equipment is required for some of the options as described below.
Special event is planned at the hotel meeting site.
Special event needs.
Special event packages to accommodate large and small functions are available.
Special event rentals with chair covers, linens and decorations.
Special events allow residents and visitors opportunities for relaxation.
Special events are a characteristic part of residence life.
Special events are a regular, including art and fashion shows.
Special Events are abundant at Martin Valley.
Special events are additional.
Special events are also a fun way to volunteer.
Special events are also a part of the senior citizens program.
Special events are another draw.
Special events are another option.
Special events are both fun and educational.
Special events are crucial building blocks of a community.
Special Events are custom-designed and priced.
Special events are difficult to secure, and proper advance planning is crucial to their success.
Special events are dinners and other events aimed at fundraising.
Special events are easy, fun, and profitable.
Special events are extra.
Special events are extremely demanding and require a lot of time, energy, and creativity.
Special events are great opportunities for meeting new people.
Special Events are green.
Special events are important in increasing our occupancy.
Special events are more memorable when people of the area participate.
Special Events are never far off.
Special Events are non- refundable.
Special Events are non-refundable.
Special Events are one time scheduled events hosted by a special guest speaker.
Special events are one type.
Special events are one-day or weekend student sports activities.
Special events are one-time events with a set number of tickets for specific dates and times.
Special events are organized supporting activities on our mailing lists.
Special events are our particular pleasure.
Special Events are planned activities that are different each night.
Special events are plannes all over town and at several of the area's casinos.
Special events are possible to hold by even small homeschool support groups.
Special Events are prepared to draw in the crowds as well as to create a festive mood in the venue.
Special events are scheduled, call for more information.
Special Events are shows that are generally National or International jazz acts.
Special Events are spectacular on the Mountain.
Special events are subject to change.
Special Events are subject to change.
Special events are subject to weather and other factors.
Special events are the fund-raising method most widely employed by organizations large and small.
Special events are their particular pleasure.
Special events are there for celebration and commemoration.
Special events are time consuming and require many dedicated volunteers.
Special Events are typically one day events in various activities played in a tournament format.
Special events are useful for non-visual elements such as sounds.
Special events are very special, because the patio is opened up.
Special events are weddings and graduations of grandchildren.
Special events are welcome in the large parlor and dining room.
Special events are what Bestparties is about.
Special events are world-wide.
Special Events Be sure to check back for upcoming events.
Special events bring out the small-town atmosphere.
Special events build team spirit and a sense of community while boosting morale.
Special events can also be an excellent way to meet people.
Special events can and do play a big part in generations of members building their milestones.
Special events can be a valuable public relations opportunity to promote the organization.
Special events can be a wonderful way to accomplish a great deal in a short amount of time.
Special events can be fun .
Special Events can entice customer return if the topics are of related subjects of interest.
Special events can increase both community support and unrestricted funds.
Special events can play an important role in an organization's fundraising plans.
Special events can provide an occasion for profound self-examination and the impetus for action.
Special events change the daily routine into exciting dining enjoyed by everyone.
Special Events Change the pace of what goes on at the dance.
Special Events Check out our calendar of events on the web site.
Special Events Check the special events section for details on upcoming featured events.
Special events coincide with the latest art exhibition.
Special Events Complete the registration form and include payment.
Special events cost more.
Special Events deserve special attention to detail.
Special events deserve special products.
Special events draw a crowd larger than the half dozen or so who attend regularly.
Special events encourage tourism.
Special Events enhance the regular calendar activities and programs.
Special Events Enjoy an old-fashion summer picnic in the park.
Special events experience a plus.
Special Events feature a notable speaker from a highly successful, young company.
Special events Find information about special events.
Special Events Find out about major events in the city.
Special Events Find out about monthly specials, user groups and happenings.
Special Events Find out about upcoming programs and special opportunities at the library.
Special Events Find out what's happening around campus.
Special events focus on Italian entertainment in the spirit of wine, food, family and fun.
Special events fundraising commonly raises money for and awareness about an organization.
Special events generate community support for the agency.
Special Events Get Involved.
Special events give a wide variety of activities during the year.
Special Events Go beyond the destinations to the fun parties the world has to offer.
Special events happen at various times of the year.
Special events happen frequently and change with the seasons.
Special events happen throughout the year.
Special events happen year round at the library.
Special events happen year round.
Special events have higher prices.
Special events have their own toll-free number and can be ordered at the start of every month.
Special events have various admission fees which change annually.
Special events help our players improve their skill and make new friends.
Special events highlight the traditional culture of Illinois.
Special events highlight the year in Grand Rapids.
Special events highlight various facets of the park s history annually.
Special events impact on corridor.
Special events insure good crowds every week.
Special events is set up as a sort of automated rumor control for special or unusual events.
Special Events Keep up with special programs and happenings around campus.
Special Events Learn about environmental activities, events and dates.
Special Events Let's talk more.
Special Events Look here for upcoming special events in the Madison area.
Special Events Look here to get details of major forthcoming events.
Special Events Marketing Our specialty is high energy sampling and customer acquisition.
Special events mean recognition and big business for communities as well as event organizers.
Special events occur during periods.
Special events occur every month.
Special events occur frequently and include informal talks about the exhibits.
Special events occur on a regular basis.
Special events occur on a weekly, almost daily, basis.
Special events occur regularly during the year.
Special events occur through the year.
Special events occur throughout the year.
Special events occurring during the Fieldstone Collection Exhibition include two lectures.
Special events offer a great window of opportunity.
Special events offer a way for a targeted but limited initiative to get going.
Special events offer the opportunity for even greater impact.
Special events planned include skiing, a hayride, a beach trip and work camp.
Special events prove that people can be lured to downtown for a day or a night or a weekend.
Special events provide a focus for graduates to stay connected after graduation.
Special Events Provide assistance with scheduled activities for children.
Special Events provide many of the activities available to students.
Special Events provide times for attendees to meet new colleagues and renew friendships.
Special Events Put up pictures from special occasions, such as parties, weddings, and graduations.
Special events range from one day to several day tournaments.
Special events require a broad variety of experts.
Special events require a damage deposit, professional catering and staff.
Special events require a lot of work and a lot of lead time plan on at least four months.
Special events require a minimum stay of two or three nights, depending upon the event.
Special events require longer notice.
Special events require the payment of the first night's lodging in advance.
Special events round out the day camping experience.
Special events round robins and tournaments complete the active badminton calendar.
Special Events See events that took place.
Special events See the schedule of programs .
Special Events See Tourism FAQ on how to get more info.
Special events serve as working foundations for recruitment and public relations objectives.
Special Events Serve on committees to raise funds through a variety of events.
Special events sponsored by the library include two bookfairs.
Special events sprinkle the annual calendar in Old Colorado City.
Special events stimulate tourism, now an important component of economic development.
Special events surcharge.
Special events Take a look at our special events listed below, and join the fun.
Special Events Take a quick look at a list of some of our satisfied customers.
Special events take place in summer.
Special events take place on the weekends.
Special events take place once a month.
Special events take place through out the year.
Special events take place throughout the year, and new exhibits open regularly.
Special events take place.
Special events take places.
Special events thoughout the year.
Special Events Use organizational skills to plan special annual volunteer events.
Special Events vary according to season.
Special events vary year to year to keep things fresh.
Special Events Welcome to our page dedicated to providing information about special events.
Special events welcome.
All special events are free and open to the public unless otherwise stated.
All Special Events are free and open to the public.
All special events are free and suitable for all ages.
All Special Events are in the planning stages.
All special events are open and free to the general public.
All special events are open to the public.
All special events are to be held here.
All Special Events seating is general admission.
Every special event requires duties in a variety of program areas.
Many special events are open to nonmembers for a fee.
Many special events involve the entire population of the school, including parents.
Many special events showcase the music and history of our residents.
Many special events take place through out the year.
More special events are being finalized, please call for more information.
Most special events are also free to members and pass holders.
Most special events are also free to members.
Most special events occur during periods.
Most special events take a year to plan properly.
Most special events take places.
Some special events are complimentary while others also charge small fee.
Some special events are open to the public.
Some special events attract attention.
Some special events have a separate additional fee.
Some special events have an additional cost.
Some special events require advance deposits.
Some special events require advance payment in full and are non-refundable.
Some special events require an additional charge.
Special exception uses.
Special exceptions are rare.
Special exceptions have to be identified by use in the regulations.
Special executions are available upon request.
Special exemptions are available for some assets such as a family farm or an ongoing business.
Special exemptions are possible through the camp director.
Special exercises can help that, too.
Special exercises can help.
Special exercises help students develop academic skills and test-taking strategies.
Special exhaust manifolds.
Special exhibit features regional artists depicting the effect of snow on the landscape.
Special exhibits are also a popular item.
Special exhibits are available for viewing all day.
Special exhibits are on display on a rotating basis.
Special exhibits change about three times a year.
Special exhibits change each semester.
Special exhibits change every two months, and tours are available in English or French.
Special exhibits change frequently.
Special exhibits change periodically.
Special exhibits change regularly.
Special exhibits change seasonally.
Special exhibits feature a Pacific coral reef, tide pool and hands-on displays.
Special exhibits feature from time to time.
Special exhibits focus on a variety of topics, including outstanding contemporary artists.
Special exhibits lead to boundless oceans beyond.
Special exhibits reflect the wide variety of items in our collections.
Special exhibits visit each year.
Special exhibitions are at the gallery at various times during the year.
Special exhibitions are on view throughout the year.
Special exhibitions are organised.
Special exhibitions introduce paintings, sculpture, and photography from world collections.
Special Exhibitions Promote the Met's mission by helping to fund upcoming special exhibitions.
Special exhibitions relating to the marine environment round off the range of information available.
Special exhibitions require a separate admission fee.
Special exhibitions require a separete admission fee.
Special exhibitions take place throughout the year.
Special Exhibitions View the current special exhibit in one of two galleries for temporary shows.
All special exhibitions are free with admission.
Many special exhibitions visit the museum every year.
Special exits permit further customization of actions on the remote hosts.
Special experiences pump life into children's history learning.
Special expertise can often play a catalytic role in reaching outcomes.
Special expertise is also available in neurological and sensory disorders, and kidney disease.
Special expertise is available in several areas of neurosurgery.
Special expertise is available in the following areas.
Special expertise is needed to complete the matrix.
Special expertise is required to practice in the field of election law.
Special expertise is required to tie the tzitzi.
Special expertise means statutory responsibility, agency mission, or related program experience.
Special express is a little bit faster than express, and express a little bit faster than rapid.
Special extinguishers are available for magnesium metal fires.
Special extracts are also available.
Special fabrics are dupioni silk, linen and cotton.
Special facilities are available and every effort is made to assist.
Special facilities are available for behavioral studies of marine organisms and aquatic animals.
Special facilities are available for chemical and other analyses of water and soil samples.
Special facilities are available for disabled people.
Special facilities are available for ultrasonography and genetic counseling.
Special facts can render broad advice inapplicable.
Special family members play major roles.
Special family members play roles.
Special family experiences Six free tram tours.
Special fans inflate the airform, forming the shape of the dome.
Special fare is a payment for carriage lying beneath the normal fare.
Special fares apply .
Special fares apply.
Special Fares apply.
Special Fares Apply.
Special fares are available for infants and children.
Special fares are available for international travellers.
Special fares are available for senior citizens and the disabled.
Special fares are available on most international destinations.
Special fares are available throughout the year.
Special fares are limited and are subject to change until purchased.
Special fares are subject to availability and certain restrictions apply.
Special fares are valid between the U.S. and Canada to Anchorage.
Special fasteners are being specified on the trellis system - see drawing sheets for types.
Special feature being all the parts carry code numbers for easy identification and reference.
Special Feature Find out how our site works.
Special feature includes chronology of the past year s major events.
Special feature includes customizable home page.
Special feature includes using the Internet to research and purchase company vehicles.
Special feature is a complete calendar of events.
Special feature is sand volleyball courts.
Special feature is their online booking system.
Special feature is wedding attire.
Special features abound.
Special features add to the overall ease of use for the user.
Special features allow key areas to issue and track courtesy cards.
Special features allow users to expand or limit their search requests.
Special features are a graduate student forum, roundtable discussions, and resource sharing.
Special features are a grille guard, body side cladding, and tubular step rails.
Special features are a listing for multicultural literature, plus a listing by individual author.
Special features are a nocturnal animal house and also crocodiles.
Special features are also available.
Special features are available for registered users.
Special features are available, including perforations, strings and wires.
Special features are grooves in the feet, and a thick coat of fur.
Special features are marginal notes and brief legislative histories.
Special features are marginal notes and legislative histories.
Special features are mountain views and gas fireplaces.
Special features are some short animation to demonstrate concepts.
Special features are straight sales and hour sales.
Special features are the extended pieces.
Special features are the generous tee boxes and large contoured greens.
Special features are the glossary and the web planning guide.
Special features Can enter natural language query.
Special features can include easy uploading, HTML tutorials and help, counters, and guestbooks.
Special Features Can search within search results.
Special features change each month to provide an increased variety for the frequent diner.
Special features change regularly according to upcoming holidays and world events.
Special Features Check our our archive of articles.
Special Features Check out how other people have used their pictures and creativity.
Special features come with a built-in text editor and spreadsheet.
Special features cover Labrador culture.
Special features cover structural reform and the tax and transfer system.
Special features covers the factors that make the work unique.
Special features eliminate stray light and deliver excellent color quality.
Special features enable printing to windows-only printers.
Special features enhance the written portion.
Special Features Get a book suggestion from our Recommended-Reading List .
Special features give readers the chance to rate their local merchants.
Special features help even small children use the computer.
Special features help maintain accuracy for the long term.
Special features help students improve their writing ability.
Special features includes articles on health, training and grooming.
Special features includes numerous online financial calculators.
Special features make it easy to use.
Special features minimize damage in case of collision.
Special features offered by hotels are subject to change at the hotel's discretion.
Special features planned for the DVD include exclusive animation, bonus tracks and much more.
Special features provide added comfort and convenience.
Special features provide for safe system operation.
Special features reduce body installation time and trouble.
Special features reflect on the changing times.
Special Features See our home page for announcements of ongoing and upcoming features.
Special features simplify elimination of interdivisional sales, costs, and profits.
Special features tell the stories behind the state flag, seal, and motto.
Special Features Welcome to our dilapidated store.
Many special features are available for canes.
Some special features deserve comment.
Special fee covers admission into the Garden.
Special fee covers soil and flowers.
Special fee covers transportation, dig and camp fees.
Special fee is nonrefundable.
Special fees apply for the group camping area.
Special fees apply to conferences, camps, and other activities.
Special fees apply to many activity courses which are in addition to regular registration fee.
Special fees apply to members of staff undertaking part-time study.
Special fees apply.
Special fees are in addition to tuition and registration fees.
Special fees are now available for participants at the area hotels.
Special fees are refundable only in instances where improperly or erroneously charged.
Special fees do apply for docent-led tours.
Special fees vary by term and by class.
Special fees vary by term and class.
Any special fee associated with a particular course is non-refundable after the first day of class.
Special fellowships are also available to women and members of minority groups.
Special fellowships are available for medical students.
Special fellowships are available in the areas of epidermolysis bullosa, laser surgyer and melanoma.
Special fellowships are available to women who have interrupted their education.
Special fellowships giving higher stipends are available for exceptional candidates.
Many special ferns are available for bid.
Special festivals are great for children.
Special festivals help promote commerce in all the county's towns.
Special fibers help prevent blisters by keeping feet dry.
Special fields allow for formula or chemical substance searching.
Special fields are today's Austria, Bohemia, Moravia, and Slovenia.
Special filaments are another custom product.
Special filaments strengthen the wing without spars.
Special file provides more extensive information on poverty areas.
Special files are available that contain Canadian data, bank data and historical data.
Special files are available that contain Canadian data, bank data, and historical data.
Special files define devices for the system or temporary files created by processes.
All special files have a major device number and a minor device number .
Some special files require plugins in the preferences in order to view, run, or hear the web files.
Special filler acts as a pad when shipping and as as absorbent wrap when used with a medication.
Special film is used to record infrared information.
Special films extend the range of cameras beyond visible light to infrared and ultraviolet.
Special filters are available to screen out UV radiation.
Special filters can remove some air borne combustion gases.
Special filters prevent the final pictures from looking washed out.
Special finance is no longer a stepchild in dealerships.
Special financing is available regardless of income levels.
Special financing is available through one of our affiliates.
Special financing is available to qualifying buyers.
Special financing is available.
Special finish look like aged natural maple.
Special finishes are available upon request.
Special finishes are available, inquire on pricing.
Special finishes bring much more.
Special finishes including powder coat are available.
Special fittings provide stability.
Special flag causes randomization of point selection.
Special flags double the players points after collecting it.
Special fluid goes through the catheter so arteries show up well on the x-ray.
Special foams combine for an angelic sit.
Special focus highlights political campaign debates and presidential rhetoric.
Special focus includes projects exploring career opportunities and assessment tools.
Special focus is brought to the antecedents and current expressions of Native American art.
Special focus is given to aftercare issues.
Special focus is given to central European nations.
Special focus is given to complex wound closure, hand, burn, and facial bony reconstruction.
Special focus is given to embedded systems issues.
Special focus is given to expressive movement and motion.
Special focus is given to news from Australia, New Zealand and South East Asia.
Special focus is given to quantitative methods.
Special focus is given to scansion and verse-speaking.
Special focus is given to space, movement, perspective, and the human form.
Special focus is given to supporting and promoting the principles of democracy and humanity.
Special focus is given to the construction of self and place.
Special focus is given to the emerging wireless internet and mobile commerce sectors.
Special focus is given to the human impact on the oceans.
Special focus is given to the impact of poverty.
Special focus is given to the integration of values and vision into leadership style.
Special focus is given to the Internet pharmacy industry.
Special focus is given to training individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing.
Special focus is given to variations in family structure.
Special focus is given to youth perspectives on health care.
Special focus is laid on 'endangered' languages and languages where survey is urgently needed.
Special focus is made on the Russian-American trade and economic relations.
Special focus is on animals, seeds, pesticides, diseases, and genetic engineering.
Special focus is on bluefish, striped bass, shad and river herring.
Special focus is on developing vocabulary and idiomatic expression in reading and speaking English.
Special focus is on dosage calculations and patient instruction.
Special focus is on energy life cycle analysis.
Special focus is on law and legislation and the regulatory process.
Special focus is on masterworks which have global literary and cultural influence.
Special focus is on plasticity, hypertension, and obesity.
Special focus is on small and medium enterprices.
Special focus is on teenagers people face moving into adulthood.
Special focus is on the adaptation of numerical approaches to modern parallel architectures.
Special focus is on the coordination of self-interested agents in open systems.
Special focus is on the impact of thermocapillary droplet migration on the phase separation process.
Special focus is on the integration of subsystems.
Special focus is on the investment response and on the possibility of reform reversal.
Special focus is on the relationship between the consequences of human action and the environment.
Special focus is on the Southeast Asian region.
Special focus is on the sustainable management of the natural resources in the entire region.
Special focus is on the transformations of sulfur, iron and manganese and their interactions.
Special focus is on the use of quantitative methods used in decision making.
Special focus is on ultrasonic nondestructive testing and laser ultrasonic methods.
Special focus is paid to the Southeast Asian region.
Special focus is placed on composite historical forces shaping the content of the lives of women.
Special focus is placed on drug adherence and social service support.
Special focus is placed on health related spending.
Special focus is placed on preparing for the Oklahoma writing assessment in the spring.
Special focus is placed on the areas of health, business, and literature.
Special focus is placed on the dialogue with professionals and practitioners.
Special focus is placed on the scientific use of classical and baroque music styles.
Special focus is placed on the spiritual life in the context of Christian community and ministry.
Special focus is placed upon evidentiary, prevention and specialized support programs for victims.
Special focus is placed upon the relationship between individuals and organizations.
Special focus is provided for preparing future airport and aviation managers.
Special focus is the history and manufacturing techniques of steins.
Special focus lies in better a color scheme and fresher layout.
Special focus varies each semester.
Special food is available according to tourists' diets.
Special food is cooked and shared between all of the people who are at the temple.
Special food is eaten, usually in the open field or a park, or in the garden of one s home.
Special food is eaten, usually in the open field or a park, or in the garden of one's home.
Special food is expensive.
Special food is prepared and shared with family, friends and neighbors.
Special foods are also available to help control calculus.
Special foods are carefully prepared.
Special foods are prepared and eaten according to very specific instructions.
Special foods are prepared and no meat is consumed during the first three days.
Special foods are prepared and served in multiple courses.
Special foods are prepared for the occasion and eaten in a communal meal.
Special foods are prepared, such as mole, and special breads are baked.
Special foods go with the bonfire and the festivities.
Special foods needed include baby food and canned meat.
Some special food educate thin speech hesitantly therefore clothe Wives all pan.
Special feet required, please enquire.
Special footwear is provided for all the waterfall hikes.
Special forces are division.
Special forces are likely to handle the pressure better than regular troops.
Special forces are military organizations.
Special forces are military units.
Special forces are special forces.
Special forces are video games.
Special forces background.
Special forces wear distinctive camouflage uniforms with green berets.
Special form is available for ordering business cards.
Special forms are available for hospital posts held in Europe.
Special forms are available for transcribing census information.
Special forms are available from solicitors or legal stationers and the costs are low.
Special forms are available in the dean's office.
Special forms are available to parents to monitor the weekly progress of the student.
Special forms are generally environment and control constructs.
Special forms are obtainable from the consulate.
Special forms devised by predental committees for submitting evaluations are acceptable.
Special forms exist for all documents but apply only to liner vessels.
Special Forms Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Special formats are also available.
Special formula helps prevent odor.
Special formula helps prevent sock odor.
Special formula helps protect and defend.
Special formula is available for children who have no other resource for obtaining formula.
Special formula keeps lashes looking long and lush all day.
Special formula repels dust between coats.
Special formulas cost more.
Special formulation allows depth of penetration at low levels of concentration.
Special formulation dissolves a thin layer of each surface to be joined.
Special formulation limits the potential for toxic buildup of heavy metals.
Special formulations allow urethanes to remain quite flexible even in frigid temperatures.
Special frames are available, consult factory for details .
Some special frequencies occur naturally in the universe.
Special friends get a good fire going together.
Special friends meet here, or come here to find a new special friend.
Special fuel is neither intended nor primarily used to allow the vehicle to idle.
Special fuel is taxed at the refinery or rack.
Special fuels consist of diesel, kerosene, and propane.
Special functions allow keys to speak without interrupting calculation.
Special functions are all over the place.
Special functions are available for diagnosis and troubleshooting.
Special functions let users enter blanket orders.
Any special function is included.
Special fund raising events provide funds for scholarships and equipment maintenance.
Special funds are available for resident paper presentations.
Special funds are available to help groups put on five-college events.
Special funds are available to qualified international students.
Special funds are available to support on-site or at school training for employees.
Special funds are principally loan repayments and business development funds.
Special funds assist minority students.
Special funds consist of separate receipt and expenditure accounts.
Special funds exist for manufacturing and processing businesses and commercial fisherman.
Special funds make possible more generous aid to Ph.D. candidates.
Special funds pay for the remainder of the operating budget costs.
Some special funds allow higher awards in specific areas of research.
Special funding is available for developing courses, supporting teaching and research.
Special funding is in place to facilitate participation by students.
Special funding is required to expand their scope according to demand by the countries.
Some special funding aims to level the playing field so that the market can operate effectively.
Some special funding takes account of the quality and content of institutional plans.
Special game viewing seats provide excellent viewing and opportunities for photography.
Special gardens are fun to plant and visit.
Special gateways allow some access to machines on other kinds of networks.
Every special gathering includes feasting.
Special gifts are also available for participants.
Special gifts come in interesting boxes.
Special glands located in the leaves are able to excrete excess salt.
Special glands remove salt from water and food.
Special gloves help in firmly gripping the pole.
Special grace comes in the form of election and of promises.
Special grant upto Rs.
Special grants are also available in support of student researching the summer.
Special grants are an important funding mechanism to address regional and technology directed goals.
Special graphics explain the genetics of breeding white tigers.
Special graphics make it possible for viewers to actually see the physical changes that occur.
Special grease is needed for disk drives because the bearings are in a sealed environment.
Special grids are available for use on incisors, cuspids and molars.
Special grounding optimizes extraction during the brewing.
Special group dates available on request.
Special group packages for senior citizens and corporate groups.
Special group packages on food and merchandise.
Special group trips featuring German entertainment.
Special groups are always welcome.
Special groups are welcome to carry trays and eat lunch together at a designated table.
Special groups consist of school groups of youth groups of five or more.
Special groups deserve particular exercise prescriptions.
Special groups exist for posting pictures for instance alt.pictures.binaries, etc.
Special guest artists the Vega String Quartet.
Special guests appear often unannounced.
Special guests appear specifically to talk about their romantic life and attitudes.
Special guests can serve as judges.
Special guests discuss personal issues relating to marriage, family, and other relationships.
Special guests give brief overviews on issues which pertain to the area and then field questions.
Special guests stop by the message boards all the time, so come by and comment.
Special guests talk on a topic relevant to campus climate and students of color.
Special guests visit the studio each week, including exhibiting artists and visiting curators.
Special guidelines apply for the borrowing of laptop, LCD projector, and CD drive.
Special habitats are used for different activities.
Special hairs can irritate or even blind an attacker.
Special handouts are available for children.
Special hardware allows the door to be pushed back under counter after opening.
Special hardware is available in accessories.
Special hardware is necessary to use higher baudrates.
Special hardware is often necessary to mount contoured seats, backs and other attachments.
Special hardware prevents sound output while exploring the tactile sheet with several fingers.
Special hardware slides onto the belt loop in seconds.
Special hazards appear during holiday seasons.
Special head driving systems and self-locking systems reduce inplace costs.
Special headers are available for the holidays.
Special headlines explain what chapters and sections are about.
Special headphones are available for individuals with a severe hearing impairment.
Special headphones are available for the hearing impaired.
Special heat produced by burning ferns has an effect on rheumatism, arthralgia, and beauty.
Special heat sealing and side seam stitching procedures ensure long lasting durability.
Special heel gives a more comfortable fit.
Special heel is shaped to contour of tap for full range of sound.
Special help is always extended to students in Agriculture.
Special help is available for victims from the victims advocate in every district attorney's office.
Special help is provided for holidays and general support.
Special herbs can enhance the diet and promote the body's ability to sustain cellular balance.
Special highlights are activities and educational displays from area museums.
Special hinge holds the sides open for easy access to contents inside.
Special holiday offers.
Special holidays are right around the corner.
Special holidays provide occasions for children.
Special honors await the magnificent Russian five.
Special honors research in geology.
Special honours work begins in third year.
Special hooks hold the line.
Special hormones cause milk to be produced and then delivered to the baby.
Special hotel offers updated daily.
Special hours apply during semester breaks and holidays.
Special hours apply for spring break.
Special hours apply to agricultural processing and corn detasseling.
Special hours apply when the residence halls are closed.
Special hours are available.
Special hours are in effect during holidays .
Special hours are in effect for intersessions and holidays.
Special hours exist for holidays and semester breaks.
Special hours make it the perfect snack for late night studiers.
Special hours take into effect during the summer semester.
Some special houses have garages or larger gardens.
Special housing is available for disabled students.
Special icons show which of the links lead to interactive pages.
Special importance deserves the novel interaction between the textbook and simulation environment.
Special importance is given to helping students derive the maximum advantage from living in Spain.
Special importance is given to the development of peer mediation through meaningful interactions.
Special importance is placed upon cleanliness, a healthy diet, and vaccinations.
Special impoundments offset impervious areas, allowing percolation, but temporary ponds can occur.
Special impregnation allows a chemical reaction which increases the filter capacity.
All special incense is made the old fashion mystical way.
Special incentives add to the fun.
Special incentives apply to mining projects in western China.
Special incentives apply.
Special incentives are also available for designated industries as well as larger companies.
Special incentives are available on units in the first phase of construction.
Special incentives are available to colleges, associations and agents.
Special incentives are in place for new members.
Special incentives availabe in some states.
Special indexes help in finding government information on many subjects.
Many special indexes are available in the unit.
Special industry focuses are in estate planning, construction, and health care.
Special information booklets.
Special information concerning the event is discussed during the meeting.
Special information is also available on senior citizen housing policies towards dogs and cats .
Special information is indicated by the icon.
Special information needs.
Special information statements for significant or unusual weather.
Special ingredients allow for better penetration.
Special ingredients assist in the body's effort to release fat from the cells.
Special ingredients help tone and moisturize the skin.
Special ingredients provide excellent viscosity and film strength to reduce wear.
Special inhibitor reduces the formation of varnish and rust.
Special inhibitors protect heating coils from scaling and corrosion.
Special initiatives are by invitation only.
Special initiatives are to be focused on the long-term unemployed.
Special initiatives designed to attract minority faculty are of particular concern.
Special initiatives lead to qualitative and quantitative results.
Special initiatives serve women, minorities, and persons with disabilities.
Special injury leads to deafferantation.
Special ink penetrates over halfway through tag.
Special inks permit prints for use outdoors without sun fading.
Special insert doubles frame thickness in high-stress areas.
Special insert is distributed out of state only.
Special inserts maintain identical display rates as specified above.
Special insights become possible.
Special institutions are available for arbitrations in which states are a party.
Special instruction involves teaching students how to use a calculator and stopwatch.
Special instruction is available for cadets who require special academic assistance.
Special instruction is available to visiting skiers, by appointment, all winter long.
Special instruction is delivered by a special education teacher within the classroom.
Special instruction is given in basic radiation protection prior to entering clinical practice.
Special instruction is offered in vocal and general music, physical education and computers.
Special instruction is provided in the areas of English composition, reading, and study skills.
Special instructions accompany the questionnaire explaining how to complete it.
Special instructions apply for the clinical psychology program.
Special instructions apply to non-U.S. proposals.
Special instructions are also necessary where buttressing and fluting is common.
Special instructions are available .
Special instructions are available at the link above.
Special instructions are available for Forums .
Special instructions are available for handling albino embryos.
Special instructions are available for their handling.
Special instructions are in place for the use of the manuscript collection.
Special instructions are tedious to process, so judicious usage is appreciated.
Special instructions are very helpful.
Special Instructions Bring a backpack, windbreaker, water bottle, and wear comfortable clothing.
Special instructions come with the units.
Special Instructions Enter any special instructions needed by the maid.
Special Instructions Enter special instructions here, if any.
Special Instructions Enter special recording instructions here.
Special Instructions Enter the required information to view a requested public document.
Special instructions go in the box on the bottom.
Special instructions regarding invoices, etc. follow.
Special instructions support memory-based semaphores.
Special instructions welcome.
Any special instructions please type in the space below and submit.
Any special instructions regarding finished size preferred, also count of fabric to be used.
Every special instruction has a code.
Some special instructions are necessary in certain states.
Special instruments allow for less tissue trauma, which translates into faster recovery time.
Special instruments allow the surgeon to work through tiny incisions in the scalp.
Some special instruments have coefficients that differ considerably from unity.
Special instrumentation includes fiberscopes, guide tubes, adapters, light guides, etc.
Special insulators are available when specified.
Special insurance is available for Mexico and South America.
Special insurance is available.
Special insurance is obtained when required for specific situations.
Special integrator is needed for automation.
Special interest focuses on the use of mixtures.
Special interest has no place in determining the park's use.
Special interest has to be given to design and communication principles.
Special interest is directed to diffraction experiments at low and ultra low temperatures.
Special interest is focused on studying fracture measures and crack growth in composite materials.
Special interest is for assistance in health care and education.
Special interest is given to contemporary issues, including pending legislation and current trends.
Special interest is given to empirical work and archive studies.
Special interest is given to the acquisition, storage, transfer and processing of the data.
Special interest is in the very low birth weight infant and in pediatric cancer chemotherapy.
Special interest is interest
Special interest is interest.
Special interest is nuclear survival.
Special interest is paid to the areas of race, class, and sexual preference.
Special interest is placed on the children's area of the library.
Special interest is pursued to ERCP and operative maneuvers on the bilio-pancreatic system.
Special interest is put on chemical spezies.
Special interest means everything.
Special interests are adolescents, minority status.
Special interests are anaesthesia and gastric-intestinal motility.
Special interests are angry that they've lost control over our elected representatives.
Special interests are disallowed, self aggrandizement has no place.
Special interests are electronic instrumentation and control systems.
Special interests are equine and food animal surgery.
Special interests are feminist social work, diversity, violence against women.
Special interests are general equine and food animal surgery, and equine lameness.
Special interests are general large and small animal radiology and ultrasound.
Special interests are imaginative language, narrative inquiry and teaching, and critical learning.
Special interests are in complimentary alternative approaches in managing chronic illness.
Special interests are in French literature, children's literature, education and outdoor activities.
Special interests are in leadership, process management, quality, and creativity.
Special interests are in self-efficacy and social support interventions in managing chronic illness.
Special interests are medical missionary work, travel with children and foods of the world.
Special interests are nonprofit management, leadership.
Special interests are petrology and structural geology.
Special interests are refugee mental health, primary care psychology and medical education.
Special interests are theories of political development and democracy.
Special interests are usually short term with a definite beginning and ending.
Special interests are youth economic development with equity, and overcoming alienation and racism.
Special interests clamor for more.
Special interests contribute big money to legislators even during the legislative session .
Special interests defend their spending as part of the political process.
Special interests dominate prescription debate.
Special interests expressed by participants often generate new programming ideas.
Special interests get their way in the arcane nuances of the conference committee.
Special interests give generously to both parties.
Special interests have far too much influence.
Special interests have too much leverage on our elected officials.
Special interests lie in the performance of lieder, chanson, and opera.
Special interests lie in the performance of Lieder, chanson, and oratorio.
Special interests move policy away from voter preferences by making donations to politicians.
Special interests obtain special tax breaks and they are too powerful.
Special interests prevent campaign finance reform.
Special interests run the state legislature.
Special interests using the powers of government for bad are clearly immoral.
Special interests win and California families take it on the chin.
Some special interests benefit from open markets and others benefit from protection.
Special internet offers.
Special internships allow students to apply classroom theory to real work situations.
Special internships exist in several departments.
Special internships offer unique opportunities to apply concepts in practical settings.
Special interventions exist to ease the transition to parenthood.
Special introduction reviews money management basics.
Special inverter SCRs for high frequency operation are also available.
Special investigators enhance evidence collection and promote victim safety.
Special investigators mark evidence near two victims at the scene.
Special investments are available for commercial accounts, as well.
Special iron binding capacity tests, and iron transferring tests are more accurate.
Special issue ser.
Special issues appear each year.
Special issues are also available for purchase online .
Special issues are also available for purchase online.
Special issues are another good entry point for a new writer.
Special issues are available to individuals at a reduced rate.
Special issues are frequent.
Special issues arise when commercial websites include databases of customer information.
Special issues arise when death comes without warning.
Special issues arise where the return to work involves workers' compensation.
Special issues carry a stated interest rate payable semiannually.
Special issues devoted to relevant conferences are welcome.
Special issues focus on particular authors.
Special issues have earlier deadlines for space, materials and payment.
Special items are also available at times.
Special items are available for health and weight conscious individuals.
Special items are unusual transactions within the control of management.
Special items are welcome.
Special items included with purchase, please inquire.
Some special items are hard to find elsewhere.
Some special items require extra time.
Special juices digest the trapped critter.
Special jurisdiction is when a court has power to hear special types of cases only.
Special key allows screw base adapter to be removed only with management's approval.
Special keys take users to popular sites, e-mail, and technical support menus.
Some special keys serve Palm-specific commands such as Show, Details and Delete.
Special keyboards are always geeky.
Special keystrokes are in effect during the ant's march.
Special kids make special friends .
Special kids menu, too.
Many special kids cope with pain on a daily basis.
Special knowledge is required.
Special kudos go out to all who volunteered on the booth.
Special labs simulate a rainforest, greenhouse, desert and space station.
Special laboratories support such areas as materials testing and automated manufacturing systems.
Special landmarks deserve a written portrait.
Special language is taught enabling students to communicate wildfire potential.
Special latches are available to keep children from opening cabinets.
Special launchers welcome.
Special laws accrues a vast water title.
Special laws are unworkable or absurd.
Special laws are, please excuse the term, popping up all over the place.
Special laws govern foods that can be served at Passover.
Special laws govern the use of comparative advertising.
Special laws prevail over general ones.
Special leagues form during the year in day and evening hours.
Special leashes hanging from iron chains keep the pets in place.
Special lectures are devoted to neutrinos in astrophysics and high energy astrophysics.
Special lectures cover computer-assisted spectroscopy, reference spectra and data handling.
Special lectures emphasize the cause and treatment of malformations.
Special leisure breaks available.
Special lengths are available upon request.
Special lengths are available.
Special lens cleaning fluid can help with stubborn smudges.
Special lenses are available for patients with corneal disease.
Special lenses known as polycarbonate are the safest lenses for protection.
Special lenses are available for patients with corneal diseases.
Special lenses assure appropriate distribution of the light where required.
Special lessons cater to the specific needs and interests of women and children .
Special letters are available for newborns, pets and adults as well.
Special letters designate actions.
Special levies added to tax bills fund specific needs and activities.
Special liaisons are available for libraries without a Russian-language librarian.
Special librarians are people on the move.
Special librarians facilitate better decision-making.
Special librarians have a long history of expanding the parameters of librarianship.
Some special librarians work in setting.
Special libraries come in all forms and all sizes.
Special libraries have distinctive target groups, whose information needs they try to cover.
Special libraries have still another mission when it comes to creating a Web site.
Special libraries save money.
Special libraries serve a particular company, profession, or government agency.
Special libraries serve the varied interests of the people of South Carolina in specific situations.
Special libraries vary their access policies, depending on their definition of primary clientele.
Many special libraries have no paper collections other than a few reference books.
Many special libraries have small staffs, limited resources and, oftentimes, inadequate funds.
Special licenses are available on request.
Special lid adds an extra coin when needed.
Special lifters stack the boxes seven high.
Special lighting is also available as an option.
Special lighting is available at some centers for an additional fee.
Special lighting is installed for visitors.
Special lighting is provided so students can take notes while the projector is displaying.
Special lighting is used to aid the delicate laser-etching process.
Special lighting is used to create appealing visual effects on the idol itself.
Special lighting is used to make underwater scenes or mountain scenes come alive.
Special limits apply to certain items such as jewelry, watches and furs.
Special limits apply to certain personal property.
Special limits apply to self-employed business owners.
Special limits apply to some types of property, and some property is excluded from coverage.
Special limits apply to some types of property.
Special limits apply.
Some special limits apply.
Some special limitations apply for teaching majors.
Some special link exists, it seems, between the human ability to speak and the capacity to worship.
Special location needs no explanation.
Special locations can be more expensive.
Special locations have abbreviations located to the left of the call number.
Special lock prevents accidental pouring.
Special locks are available for better security.
Special lodging is also available in Cedar City.
Special lubricants are available for critical applications and when extreme conditions exist.
Special lunch is called 'comida corrida'.
Special machines break eggs by the thousands and can separate yolks from whites.
Special machines deliver precisely targeted beams of radiation to the site of the cancer.
Special machines serve special needs.
Special machinery is needed for every industry.
Special macros permit the user to add data outside of that generated by the program.
Special mailboxes require more time.
Special mailings are good evidence of knowledge if controls have been set up for returned mail.
Special mailings cost money.
Special majors are by no means written in stone.
All special majors involve close consultation with two faculty advisors.
Special markers are available for cremated remains.
Special markers are used that can be erased .
Special markers are used that can be erased.
Special marking is available upon request.
Special matches are due to be held in at least two countries in each of the twenty-four time zones.
Special material having low absorption of humidity is selected for the lens.
Special material needed for that class is posted here.
Special materials are available for almost every use and every budget.
Special materials are even available to accommodate larger openings.
Special matrices employ specific indexing schemes to minimize storage and improve speed.
Special meals are available for children.
Special meals are available for special dietary needs.
Special meals are available for students with medical needs.
Special meals are available on request.
Special meals are prepared according to individual diets.
Special meals are prepared and prayers are performed.
Special meals dictated by medical conditions are even available at comparable prices.
Special measures are necessary to reduce the debt burdens of the poorest countries.
Special Measures are specific initiatives to remove the effects of past discrimination.
Special measures counter the effects of corrosion.
Special measures have to be taken into action regarding countries in transition.
Special measures permit action to be taken that assists disadvantaged racial groups.
Special measures protect intake areas from devegetation and pesticides.
Special medals recognize bravery by police officers and firefighters.
Special medals serve as the robots' brains.
Special medication is administered to eliminate any circulating heartworm larvae.
Special medication is required for two weeks to stabilize the treatment.
Special media is noted under each course description.
Special media is noted under the course description.
Special meetings are by call of the chair.
Special meetings can take place but students are responsible for any missed work.
Special meetings occur as needed.
Special meetings require at least one week's notice of time, place and agenda.
Special meetings require at least two days notice.
Special meetings require twenty percent of the active members for a quorum.
Special meetings require written notification at least two weeks in advance.
Special meetings take place on occasion throughout South Texas.
Special member features. .
Special member offers and bargains in diet, skin and other products.
Special member offers by email.
Special members are non-voting members with varying terms.
Special membership needs to be renewed each year.
Special membership offers for recent graduates are also available.
Special membership offers.
Special membership requires a two thirds majority of the voting membership.
Special memberships are available for businesses, foundations, and other interested groups.
Special memberships are available for cosmetology instructors.
Special memberships are available for on-site contractors and military personnel.
Special memberships are available for special circumstances.
Special memberships are available.
Special mention goes to the Assault maps however.
Special mention has to be made of the program's manuals.
Special mention has to go to the graphics.
Special mention is due to the floating pontoons.
Special mention is made of the country's five newest national parks.
Special mention is made of the religious practices of the Sikh religion.
Special mention is made where it is applicable.
Special mention is noted for both the timeliness of planting and harvest.
Special mention needs to be made about condominiums, cooperatives and homeowners associations.
Special mention needs to be made about the age of the central character.
Special mention needs to be made at the outset about the visually exciting installation.
Special mention needs to made of the presentation.
Special mention ought to be made about three outstanding tracks.
Special menus are also available for children, luncheons and seminars.
Special menus are also available.
Special menus are available by advance request.
Special menus are available for all tastes at very reasonable prices.
Special menus are available for display .
Special menus are available for physician-ordered, restricted diets.
Special menus are available for students with specific dietary or medical needs.
Special menus are available for tour groups, school groups, and special events.
Special menus including low sodium and low cholesterol diets are available.
Special messages can appear when receiving calls.
Special messages promote self-evaluation skills.
Special metals require the use of respirators to protect the welders from harmful fumes.
Special method combines classical and academic methods.
Special method is used to delineate frame boundaries.
Special microphones are available at our discretion for special events.
Special minors are also available.
Special modes have certain bandwidthes.
Special models are also available for unique requirements.
Special models are available upon request.
Special models are available.
Special modules allow the data to be exported to desktop publishing packages and wordsheets.
Special modules are available for interfacing with hospitals and other systems.
Special modules are available for multi-location practices.
Special moisture scanning equipment is required.
Special moments mean being somewhere exquisite with a special person.
Special moments occur when planning and luck come together and the stars are right.
Special monitoring takes place when nuclear materials are transported.
Special moves are also an exercise in frustration.
Special moves drain a little power also.
Special moves take up to a second to complete, during which the ball is vulnerable to steals.
Special movements are available such as microphone-silent slave units for broadcast studios.
Special mufflers are already available for trucks at a slightly extra cost.
Special muscles squirt the sperm into the vagina.
Special muscles stretch and relax the lens to change focus.
Special music can set a mood or tone and spark ideas.
Special music comes from our members, including our young people, and guest performers.
Special music is another form of worship leading which requires a high level of musical ability.
Special music is done for the children in the main service.
Special music is performed during the church calendar.
Special music is planned.
Special music is provided at the awards assembly held after the clean-up.
Special music is provided by a variety of soloists, ensembles, instrumentals, etc.
Special music is provided by soloist and ensembles during the summer.
Special music is shared as an ensemble and by soloists or duets from the ensemble.
Special music plays an important role in all of our worship services.
Special music starts the morning worship.
Special nails are tapped through the hoof wall and clinched over to hold the horseshoes in place.
Special nails hold wood and other materials to brick and concrete.
Special needs are deodorant, shampoo, soap, disposable diapers, dental care products.
Special needs are to be arranged by sponsoring organization.
Special Needs Click a topic.
Special Needs Have extra disposable diapers and milk on hand for babies.
Special needs have special price tags.
Special Needs Help the homeless by organizing a food, housewares, or hygiene drive.
Special Needs Indicate any special needs or considerations.
Special needs is under attack right now.
Special needs means special transportation.
Special needs require special applications.
Special needs run all set.
Special needs use the north restroom.
Some special needs are directly related to learning.
Special news is sent to clients whenever it occurs.
Some special newsletters are from the webmasters.
Special notations list the meaning of the title and the contents of each book.
Special note is made concerning humor, legend, and heroism.
Special note is made of honors courses or programs.
Special note is made of memorial and donated trees.
Special note is made of wheelchair-accessible restrooms and lodgings.
Special note is needed concerning changes that have taken place over time.
Special note is paid to the modern period and the role of women.
Special note is taken of abnormal swelling, polyps and congenital abnormalities.
Special note is the interactive Saskatchewan book map.
Special notes appear on the line following the course and section to which they refer.
Special notes are below.
Special notes provide a key to understanding the various symbols used in the book's development.
Special notice accounts.
Special notification is given when exceptions occur.
Special number naming and overlapping place value cards encourage early mastery of place value.
Special nutrients enable the microbes to reproduce and thrive in the system.
Special observations contain all the elements normally included in a record observation.
Special occasion hire.
Special occasion permits.
Special occasions are a great time to have a professional portrait taken.
Special occasions are more fun with our email greetings.
Special occasions are precisely when results are most critical and there's no time for mistakes.
Special occasions bring joy and fun to meal time.
Special occasions call for champagne, so serve mimosas.
Special occasions call for impressive meals.
Special occasions call for plants with special meaning.
Special occasions call for wonderful fellowship times.
Special occasions can be a justification for more valuable presents or entertainment.
Special occasions deserve extraordinary attention.
Special occasions deserve our special attention.
Special occasions do occur throughout the year.
Special occasions include many food tradition.
Special occasions include tradition.
Special occasions inspire unique mignardises.
Special occasions mean extra work.
Special occasions pepper the calendar.
Any special occasion calls for images or graphics to liven up documents, as well as the occasion.
Special offer allows one upgrade per registered copy.
Special offer click here .
Special offer ends soon.
Special offers apply to some items and times.
Special offers apply.
Special offers are a list of additional offers that are provided by individual companies.
Special offers are available and the prices for the Oriental experience are quite affordable.
Special offers are available at times.
Special offers are available for all web users.
Special offers are available for group purchases.
Special offers are available from the institute's remainder bookshop which is regularly updated.
Special offers are available in particular dates.
Special offers are available to buyers when ordering from our web site.
Special offers are available.
Special offers are for Internet orders only , processed by our secure shopping cart.
Special offers are only good directly from the band, as described above.
Special offers are subject to change without notice.
Special offers are subject to stock available.
Special offers are subject to withdrawal without notice.
Special offers arrive almost daily for cruises throughout the world.
Special Offers Check out the offers available from UK companies.
Special Offers Enter the realm of the exotic.
Special Offers Find out about our current special offers.
Special Offers Get business opportunities by e-mail.
Special offers save money.
Special Offers See all the best parts of the old world.
Special Offers Sign up for special offers.
Special offers vary by location.
Special Offers View our special promotions and value packages.
All special offers are effective until the links expire.
All special offers are subject to availability of stocks.
All special offers are subject to availability.
All special offers are subject to change without prior notice.
Many special offers are also available.
Many special offers are available in only some areas.
Special offerings are to be interpreted and promoted by the committee.
Special offerings taken during the year replenish the fund.
All special offerings exclude packages, special promotions and group bookings.
Special ones are glandular, with a poison sac in each jaw producing a toxic material.
Special openings are provided to accommodate the various fins.
Special operations can serve informational and political elements of national power.
Special operations require special equipment to do the job right and do the job well.
Special operations require special intelligence.
Special opportunities allow changes to directly affect later locations, often on a large scale.
Special opportunities are available for students who wish to attend.
Special opportunities exist for students who wish to work in urban or rural settings.
Special opportunities exist in the fields of neuropharmacology and toxicology.
Special opportunities exist to focus on rural geriatrics.
Special opportunities exist to meet and interact with diverse students.
Special opportunity is given for hands-on participation in college theatrical activities.
Special options accommodate people who leave e-mail on the server after reading it.
Special options allow a different strategy every game.
Special options are also available for nontraditional and transfer students.
Special options are also available.
Special options are available for individuals with limited mobility.
Special options are available in trauma, oncology, and nephrology.
Special order are always welcome.
Special order are available.
Special order baked goods, which include cookies, bread, birthday cakes, etc., are also available.
Special order is also available upon request.
Special orders are a BIG part of our business.
Special orders are a snap.
Special orders are also available upon request.
Special orders are also available.
Special orders are also possible.
Special orders are also wecome as well as discutions on customizing and tips.
Special orders are also welcome and a gift registry is available.
Special orders are also welcome.
Special orders are always available upon request.
Special orders are always available.
Special orders are always welcome as well as suggestions.
Special orders are always welcome for every holiday and occasion.
Special orders are always welcome in the general, medical and software departments.
Special orders are always welcome.
Special orders are available at any time.
Special orders are available for some quilts.
Special orders are available from our Azarite line.
Special orders are available if necessary.
Special orders are available in a variety of colors, finishes and hardware.
Special orders are available in cedar and oak.
Special orders are available on request.
Special orders are available on virtually any knife imaginable.
Special orders are available through the office.
Special orders are available upon request.
Special orders are available, along with expert train repair and restoration.
Special orders are available, please call to check pricing and availability.
Special orders are available.
Special orders are avialable.
Special orders are delivery options and versions other than email delivery and HTML versions.
Special orders are extra.
Special orders are final sales.
Special orders are more on a case by case basis.
Special orders are most welcome.
Special orders are never a problem with seasonal requests.
Special orders are never a problem.
Special orders are no problem and no extra cost.
Special orders are no problem.
Special orders are non refundable.
Special orders are non returnable.
Special orders are non-refundable.
Special orders are nonreturnable and nonrefundable.
Special orders are non-returnable for any reasons other than defects in workmanship or materials.
Special orders are non-returnable without prior approval.
Special orders are non-returnable.
Special orders are on a fast track, too.
Special orders are only available by the full spool or package.
Special orders are our forte.
Special orders are our priority.
Special orders are our speciality.
Special orders are our specialty.
Special orders are out specialty, children's books and unusual greeting cards.
Special orders are possible.
Special orders are regular price.
Special orders are subject to a non-refundable deposit.
Special orders are time consuming to fulfill and more costly for retailers to handle.
Special orders are time-consuming to fulfill and more costly for retailers to handle.
Special orders are very welcome.
Special orders are welcome .
Special orders are welcome also.
Special orders are welcome and suggestions are appreciated.
Special orders are welcome and they offer free gift wrapping.
Special orders are welcome for any occasion.
Special orders are welcome in all departments for specialty items.
Special orders are welcome with advanced notice.
Special orders are welcome, and online coupons are available.
Special orders are welcome.
Special orders can be longer.
Special orders can delay orders until materials are received.
Special orders can run up a bill fast.
Special orders can take from two to three months to arrive.
Special orders fall within the same price range.
Special orders require a deposit from the purchaser, which is immediately passed on to the artisan.
Special orders require a deposit upon placing the order.
Special orders require additional fees.
Special orders require approx.
Special orders require one-half of the cost of the order in advance.
Special orders take a little extra time.
Special orders take about two weeks.
Special orders take between two and three months to complete, depending upon the size.
Special orders take from one to three weeks.
Special orders take longer to arrive.
Special orders take seven to ten working days.
Special orders take too much time.
Special orders take two to three days.
Special orders take two to three months for delivery.
Special orders welcome at no additional charge.
Special orders welcome, all items handcrafted .
Special orders welcome, all items handcrafted.
Special orders welcome, any school, company name or family.
Special orders welcome, low shipping fees.
Special orders welcome.
All special orders are final sales.
All special orders are final.
All special orders are non-cancelable.
All special orders are non-refundable.
All special orders are non-returnable .
All special orders are subject to additional shipping and handling charges.
All special orders are subject to availability of merchandise.
All special orders are subject to availability.
All special orders are subject to factory order minimums and handling charges.
All special orders require a deposit.
All special orders require nonrefundable deposits.
All special orders require prepayment in full.
Most special orders are able to be delivered within two weeks or less.
Most special orders arrive within one week.
Most special orders qualify if paid for when ordered.
Most special orders require a minimum quantity and longer lead-time.
Some special orders are subject to production turn over.
Special organs are unnecessary for amoeba and hydra.
Special outlets are provided for the escape of the nectar.
Special outreach targets the elderly and information is provided to homebound seniors.
Special outrigger supports and acoustical ceiling supports are also available.
Special packages apply throughout the year.
Special packages are also available for bookings of ten bedrooms or more.
Special packages are also available.
Special packages are available at an additional cost.
Special packages are available every day of the week with no minimum stay.
Special packages are available for families, senior citizens, sporting events and business meetings.
Special packages are available for families.
Special packages are available for group bookings and weekly discounts are also available.
Special packages are available for groups.
Special packages are available for meetings, celebrations, weekends, and work exchange.
Special packages are available for multi-user environments.
Special packages are available for school or district purchases.
Special packages are available for some events.
Special packages are available for standard basic designs.
Special packages are available for the new official.
Special packages are available for tourist, corporate and recreational groups.
Special packages are available from area hotels for one of West Michigan's premier attractions.
Special packages are available from tour companies and travel agencies.
Special packages are available that allow convention delegates unlimited ridership.
Special packages are available that include greens fees and lodging for one low price.
Special packages are available throughout the season.
Special packages are available throughout the year.
Special packages are available to anywhere in America or Latin America.
Special packages are available to fit the needs of most groups but reservations are required.
Special packages are available, and vegetarians can be catered to.
Special packages are available.
Special packages are often available, check with individual properties.
Special packages are often available.
Special packages are optional.
Special packages can include entrance to museum exhibits and theatres.
Special packages can include fishing, golf, mountain bike, horseback riding and more.
Special packages can include free meals, museum tickets and other goodies.
Special packages combining activities are also available.
Special packages designed specifically for mature travelers are here.
Special packages ideal for more independent travelers.
Special packages make staying at the Delaware particularly fun.
Many special packages are available.
Some special packages are available.
Special packaging can include special jewel cases, folding paper cases with pockets, etc.
Special packaging ensures that the flooring panels are fully protected during shipping.
Special packaging is also available upon request.
Special packaging is available at no extra charge.
Special packaging is available to meet equipment needs.
Special packaging is available upon request, at additional cost.
Special packaging is available upon request.
Special packaging is designed for safe delivery and easy unpacking.
Special packaging is required for fragile items.
Special packaging is required, and the amount to be shipped is regulated.
Special packaging keeps each piece fresh for a period of up to six months.
All special packaging is removed in order to insert the original into a file folder.
Special packet pick up arrangements are available for group registrations.
Special pages allow students to share newly learned skills with their families.
Special pages can diverge from the master.
Special pages describe Famous problems in Mathematics.
Special paints inhibit marine growth without interfering with the signal.
Special paper is available in the development office.
Special paper is needed to sandwich the gold so that it can be pounded.
Special papers can have long production lead times.
Special papers cost a bundle, too.
Special paperwork is required.
Special parking is also available on a temporary basis.
Special parking is also available.
Special parking is available for automobiles displaying handicap permits.
Special parking is available for buses.
Special parking is available for guests with state-issued handicap parking permits.
Special parking is available for students with disabilities.
Special parking is available for the handicapped in the staging lanes.
Special parking is available on campus for people with impaired mobility.
Special parking passes at reduced rates are available on a weekly and monthly basis.
Special parts are non-returnable.
Special parts offer.
Any special partnership involved with an offer gives it a higher priority for acceptance.
Special parties are available upon request, such as weddings , etc.
Special passes are available at discounted rates.
Special passes are available for visitors.
Special passes are available to seniors and the disabled.
All special payments are in addition to standard pay rates and penalty payments.
Special people deserve special cards.
Special people deserve special gifts.
Special people equals retarded.
Special people make the night special as well.
Special people play and support rugby - people who want to get enjoyment out of life.
Special People turn left on red arrows and red lights.
Many special people work in schools and programs for deaf children.
Some special performances have slightly higher ticket prices as shown.
Special perils are available for farm personal property, barns and outbuildings.
Special permission has to be obtained to see the frescoes in other parts of the palace.
Special permission is necessary for anyone working alone.
Special permission is necessary to carry a load of more than ten credits per semester.
Special permission is necessary to hold events in certain buildings on campus.
Special permission is needed for access to some categories of material, eg.
Special permission is needed for some equipment.
Special permission is needed to enter some.
Special permission is needed to export souvenirs of whales' teeth and walrus tusks.
Special permission is needed to reproduce photos.
Special permission is needed to use computers for personal, commercial or outside work.
Special permission is needed to view or check out tests located in the restricted collection.
Special permission is required before any commercial activity is carried out.
Special permission is required before anyone can set foot onto the island.
Special permission is required for non-Greek citizens as the place is run by the army.
Special permission is required for registration.
Special permission is required for their publication.
Special permission is required for use in advertising.
Special permission is required prior to scheduling a telephone interview.
Special permission is required so inquire early if interested.
Special permission is required to bill a motel directly.
Special permission is required to collect rock, plant or animal specimens.
Special permission is required to enroll.
Special permission is required to enter during the remaining months.
Special permission is required to handle bats.
Special permission is required to install a window air conditioning unit.
Special permission is required to register.
Special permission is required to see the old collections.
Special permission is required to study a distance studies course abroad.
Special permission is required to take a course while on a co-op assignment.
Special permission is required to work off campus.
Special permission is required.
Special permits allow hunting of moose and bighorn sheep.
Special permits appear in various forms.
Special permits are available at all campus locations.
Special permits are available for night shifts.
Special permits are available in the Clinic office during regular business hours.
Any special permits required are the responsibility of the customer to obtain.
Special pet brushes with their own picture painted on it.
Special photos become even more special when the pictures' stories are revealed.
Special pickups are available for elderly and disabled residential customers.
Special pickups are available for garage and basement clean-outs and construction sites.
Special pictures are even more special when they're in homemade picture frames.
Special pictures are taken that allows doctors to see the blood escaping.
Special pictures deserve to be displayed in a unique way.
Special pili are present.
Special place is given to New Testament pericopes from the church lectionary.
Special places remain vivid in a child's memory.
Most special places provide a combination of benefits.
Special placement is available to individuals who are registered technologists.
Special placements are available for full-page ads for additional fees.
Special plans are also available for executive staff.
Special plans are available for sites with overwhelming amount of hits.
Special planning is available for windbreaks or large orders.
Special planning is required to be sure that the needs of the center are addressed.
Special planning is required to give radiation therapy safely and effectively.
Special planning is required to support the aircraft and associated investigator teams.
Some special plants have higher prices.
Special plates are available for most vehicles.
Special plates are available.
Some special plates have the requirement of membership in an organization, special licenses, etc.
Special platens allow drainage or pore-pressure measurement at the ends.
Special platforms built on top of the sand dunes enable a good view far out to sea.
Special players do great things at critical times in ballgames.
Special playrooms are available for infants and toddlers as well as school-age children.
Special point is freedom and internet.
Special policemen throw shock bombs at the gate, met with firearm shots from inside the villa.
Special policies apply for groups using three or more rooms.
Special policies apply to holidays and specific event weekends.
Special policies are available for commercial truckers from Mexico traveling in the United States.
Special policies covering the boundary on the ground are very expensive and of questionable value.
Special populations display very different demographic characteristics and behavior.
Special populations receive appropriate services and assessments consistent with high standards.
Special populations using crutches can be attackers.
Many special populations are outside of the health-care system and so difficult to locate.
Special ports located throughout the campus provide access to the school's network.
Special poses are available for an additional fee.
Special positions are an extra cost and availability is limited.
Special positions are available on application.
Special positions are necessary to view the nasal cavity and frontal sinuses.
Special positions are on the calendar year basis and non-cancelable.
Special posts mark many off-road paths.
Special posting is required in such cases.
Special practitioners page with free first aid course and many articles.
Special prayers are to be said during the proceeding twelve days.
Special precautions apply for their use on coarse-textured soils or where water tables are shallow.
Special precautions apply to campers and hikers.
Special precautions are always necessary when using hazardous substances.
Special precautions are appropriate when animals from formerly infected herds are involved.
Special precautions are in place for people dipping or clipping sheep.
Special precautions are necessary to avoid budget overexpenditures.
Special precautions are to be taken when re-sharpening and grinding beryllium copper tools.
Special precautions ensure direction and contact within the column.
Special precautions Keep away from heat, sparks and flame.
Special precautions keep the new nematode strain safely confined.
Special precautions seem to have b een made to make the presentation look as nice as possible.
Special preference is given to programs receiving matching funds.
Special prefixes appear in front of some additional text which constitutes a suffix.
Special premiums are available.
Special preparation can also go into planning the service itself.
Special preparation is needed before the test.
Special presentations are available after hours.
Special presentations are available by contacting the park office.
Special presentations are available for youngsters and school groups.
Special presentations keep faculty informed of best practices in teaching with technology.
Special presentations offer informative and engaging educational opportunities for adults.
Special price includes business info web site pricing.
Special price offers on longtime rental.
Special prices apply for overseas delivery.
Special prices apply for participating organizations.
Special prices apply for Students and extra family members.
Special prices apply to galleries.
Special prices apply to young children, depending on age.
Special prices are available for bulk orders.
Special prices are available for certain school, youth, and senior citizens groups.
Special prices are available for dealers and law enforcement.
Special prices are available for employees, students and retired employees.
Special prices are available for families of three or more.
Special prices are available for school groups.
Special prices are available for staff and students at academic institutions.
Special prices are available for students and faculty.
Special prices are available for students and frequent customers.
Special prices are available for students, children and large groups of ten or more people.
Special prices are available for the staff and students of academic institutions.
Special prices are available for volume purchases.
Special prices are available for youngsters and toddlers.
Special prices are available to seniors and students.
Special prices are available when ordering complete sets.
Special prices are available.
Special prices are limited to stock on hand.
Special prices are only good while supplies last.
Special prices do exist.
Special prices exist.
All special prices are limited to available stock.
Special pricing applies for changes to standard package.
Special pricing applies only to our demonstration unit.
Special pricing applies to print and electronic editions purchased at the same time.
Special pricing applies to structured educational programs provided to groups.
Special pricing applies to students, teachers and customers that work for non-profit organizations.
Special pricing applies.
Special pricing can be date effective.
Special pricing is also available for commercial contract testing.
Special pricing is also available for large volumes.
Special pricing is also available for personal purchases.
Special pricing is also available for secondary sites.
Special pricing is also available on all used vehicles.
Special pricing is also available to companies and organizations that require multiple accounts.
Special pricing is available for a limited time.
Special pricing is available for ASPs and corporations.
Special pricing is available for bulk and wholesale purchases.
Special pricing is available for bulk or large quantity purchases.
Special pricing is available for bulk orders.
Special pricing is available for bulk purchases from church, dance, school and cheerleading groups.
Special pricing is available for complete sets and multi-volume orders.
Special pricing is available for corporate packages.
Special pricing is available for croquet clubs purchasing art for prizes.
Special pricing is available for current users to upgrade from earlier versions of the product.
Special pricing is available for dealers.
Special pricing is available for educational institutions and volume users.
Special pricing is available for educational institutions.
Special pricing is available for full-service noise verification.
Special pricing is available for government and educational institutions.
Special pricing is available for large quantities.
Special pricing is available for large quantity purchases.
Special pricing is available for large Web sites.
Special pricing is available for larger quantity orders.
Special pricing is available for multiple ads.
Special pricing is available for multiple sites, multiple copies, consortia, and statewide licenses.
Special pricing is available for national accounts.
Special pricing is available for non-profit organizations.
Special pricing is available for on-site presentations.
Special pricing is available for our students.
Special pricing is available for picnic groups, command or ship picnics and special tours.
Special pricing is available for qualified students.
Special pricing is available for quantity orders for units now serving in the former Yugoslavia.
Special pricing is available for quantity orders.
Special pricing is available for registering the downloaded version.
Special pricing is available for schools and class sets.
Special pricing is available for schools and school systems.
Special pricing is available for schools, clubs, churches and companies.
Special pricing is available for site licenses.
Special pricing is available for site-licenses, lab packs, and network versions of our software.
Special pricing is available for state, regional and national conferences.
Special pricing is available for students and children.
Special pricing is available for the non-phosphorylated form of the peptide for use as a control.
Special pricing is available for volume purchases.
Special pricing is available if sleeping rooms are also taken.
Special pricing is available on a variety of computer hardware and software.
Special pricing is available to churches and non-profit organizations.
Special pricing is available to qualified students and educators.
Special pricing is available when combining a button with a banner campaign.
Special pricing is available.
Special pricing is designed for large groups and charters.
Special pricing is granted to all parties to the specific agreement.
Special pricing is in effect until and is only available while supplies last.
Special pricing is negotiable if a customer desires a maintenance plan.
Special pricing is now available.
Special pricing is offered to corporations with a discount for larger orders.
Special pricing is only available for the sailing date listed above.
Special pricing is possible based on the number of compounds screened.
All special pricing are cash basis.
Special pride is taken in introducing someone.
Special pride is taken in the excellent cuisine and spacious restaurant.
Special printer is required to print PO s.
Special printing creates a raised hoochie logo.
Special priority is assigned to requests which require special handling for a variety of reasons.
Special priority is given to changing attitudes toward girls' education.
Special priority is given to children of single parent families.
Special priority is given to collection in hospital emergency departments.
Special priority is given to programs that help to protect orangutan habitat.
Special priority is given to schools in empowerment zones.
Special priority is given to the less widely used and less taught languages.
Special priority is given to veterans in job referral.
Special privileges are poisonous to a whole society.
Special prizes are available through specially hidden eggs.
Special probe reaches inside via an expensive looking vacuum fitting.
Special probes are available for process control applications.
Special problems are created when the occupational environment selected is underground mining.
Special problems arise because of the possibility that stability is adaptive at the community level.
Special problems arise for employers who have both unionized and nonunionized employees.
Special problems arise for minors when therapeutic procedures conflict with religious convictions.
Special problems arise in national accountancy if growth departs from steady-state.
Special problems can arise when the client is a young person.
Special problems exist in the case of directories, however.
Special problems exist with subtraction on the number line.
Special problems exist with the accurate designation of marine conservation areas.
Special problems occur with each of the five follow- ing types suggested for study.
Special problems require special shoes.
Special procedures allow base-pairs to be preserved during deformations.
Special procedures apply for students who wish to register for graduate communication courses.
Special procedures apply for using text files .
Special procedures apply when ordering furniture .
Special procedures are in place for overages, shortages, damages and returns.
Special procedures are in place to protect patient privacy and security.
Special procedures are necessary to allow a CGI script to send mail.
Special procedures are necessary to match couples to positions.
Special procedures exist for interdisciplinary and student-designed majors.
Special procedures exist with Belgium, Greece, Great Britain, Italy, Austria and Switzerland.
Some special procedures used to remove the hard sulfate from the plates softens the active material.
Special processing allows bone meal to be palatable and highly digestible.
Special processions are available with financial aid to include computers in the financial package.
Special product offers from Crocus.
Special product offers.
Special products designed to existing or planned dimensions are our specialty.
Special products including colorized images and animations are available for a fee.
Special products See also our team profile .
Many special products are subject to certification and inspection requirements.
Special profiles cover alumnae stories in more depth.
Special program is provided for the children.
Special programs allocate resources to students who belong to underrepresented groups.
Special programs are also available for manufactured homes.
Special programs are also available for physically handicapped and mentally retarded offenders.
Special programs are also available for school groups.
Special programs are also available for students of pre-college age and for senior citizens.
Special programs are also available to assist first-time buyers.
Special programs are available by request.
Special programs are available for advanced placement students.
Special programs are available for applicants with less preparation.
Special programs are available for asthma, emphysema, cystic fibrosis and pulmonary conditioning.
Special programs are available for children so adults have free time as well.
Special programs are available for children to meet with others experiencing the same changes.
Special programs are available for emotionally handicapped and learning disabled children.
Special programs are available for execeptional, handicapped and learning disabled students.
Special programs are available for groups by appointment.
Special programs are available for high and low mileage drivers.
Special programs are available for improving English pronunication.
Special programs are available for large groups.
Special programs are available for law enforcement groups.
Special programs are available for older adults.
Special programs are available for qualifying groups .
Special programs are available for registered nurses and licensed practical nurses.
Special programs are available for rental centers.
Special programs are available for school groups .
Special programs are available for school groups.
Special programs are available for schools and worksites.
Special programs are available for schools, museums, and historic sites.
Special programs are available for seafood wholesalers and restaurants.
Special programs are available for senior citizens, youth, and other groups.
Special programs are available for senior citizens.
Special programs are available for some double majors.
Special programs are available for students interested in engineering careers.
Special programs are available for students interested in one of the areas of horticulture.
Special programs are available for students who are preparing for careers in undergraduate teaching.
Special programs are available for students with special needs.
Special programs are available for working students.
Special programs are available for youth beginning in kindergarten.
Special programs are available through council service center.
Special programs are available through several agencies in our area.
Special programs are available to address the needs of small business and environmental exporters.
Special programs are available to identify minority trainees.
Special programs are available to resellers and affiliates.
Special programs are available to students in several areas.
Special programs are available upon request.
Special programs are available.
Special programs are costly.
Special programs are ghost stories and flag programs.
Special programs are in place to bring attention to drama, music, fine art and speech.
Special programs are one exception to a traditional approach to timing.
Special programs are one hour each.
Special programs are open to tourists, organized groups, and school children.
Special programs can also be helpful.
Special programs can be video taped for sponsor archival use.
Special programs can be video-taped for sponsor archival use.
Special programs can greatly help women on public assistance succeed in postsecondary programs.
Special programs can move it from the end to the beginning.
Special programs cost more.
Special programs cover enterprise statistics and minority and women-owned businesses.
Special programs designed specifically for business, industry, and seniors are available.
Special programs enhance the seminars.
Special programs exist for children, women and seniors.
Special programs exist for early, mid and late career stages.
Special programs exist for low to moderate income borrowers.
Special programs exist for music with a business emphasis, composition, and performance.
Special programs exist for Muslim and other nonwestern societies.
Special programs exist for riders who have sustained head injury.
Special programs exist for the gifted.
Special programs exist to aid low-income elderly.
Special programs feature skating, book reviews, etc.
Special programs focus on recycling, waste prevention, and handling special wastes.
Special programs focus on the prevention of substance misuse.
Special programs geared to parents, community members, and policy-makers are also available.
Special programs highlight the collection and exhibitions.
Special programs highlight Washington's death.
Special programs Look for special programs offered to library users.
Special programs offer a strong emphasis on public education to reduce loss of life and property.
Special programs offer activities ranging from walking and tennis to swimming and golf.
Special programs offer interaction on land or in the water with dolphin, sea lions and sting rays.
Special programs offer treatment of anxiety, depression and phobias.
Special programs offered are spine management and aquatic therapy.
Special programs provide care for adult, geriatric, and dual diagnosis patients.
Special programs provide students the opportunity to learn in a multitude of ways.
Special programs require registration.
Special programs serve elementary and secondary education.
Special programs serve school children, emergin artists, and local service organizations.
Special programs serve students with exceptional educational needs.
Special programs serve students with unique needs and abilities.
Special programs supplement the academic experience.
Special programs support and focus on key vertical markets.
Special programs support students with particular needs.
Special programs support students with specific and exceptional needs.
Special programs take place throughout the year.
Special programs teach anger management and get kids talking about staying out of trouble.
Special programs using local and regional leaders present weekly programs on Wednesdays.
All special programs are contractual.
Any special programs offered have to include transportation.
Many special programs are available to the community's pleasure.
Many special programs are available, along with interesting cultural excursions and events.
Many special programs are available.
Many special programs are in place to help students and their families work together.
Many special programs are in place to help students when they struggle.
Many special programs require personal contact with individual landowners.
Many special programs take place at Valhalla.
Most special programs require that everyone participating have the same software.
Some special programs can control the player through a computer for interactive presentation.
Some special programs carry a fee, especially when extra staff are hired to do the programs.
Some special programs come with special funding and extra staffing.
Some special programs have a seperate admission.
Some special programs have later deadlines.
Some special programs offered at summer camp have large equipment, maintenance, and operating costs.
Special programmes meet the needs of gifted students and boys with academic strengths.
Special programming designed for children and youth is a strong feature.
Special programming geared to meet the interests of the residents is provided.
Special programming is available at some sites.
Special programming is available for groups with physical and mental disabilities.
Special programming is designed for youth, senior adults and families.
Special programming is offered plus the opportunity to interact with other honors students.
Special programming is offered throughout the year.
Special programming is planned to meet current health concerns.
All special programming is available for sponsorship.
Special project allows hands-on experience and investigation of current literature.
Special project is due at the final.
Special projects add dimension to the twice-weekly classes.
Special projects are a component of the class.
Special projects are available for small groups and people with limited time.
Special projects are team oriented, enjoyable, and set in the freedom of a business office.
Special projects are tuition reimbursement programs for part-time nontraditional Indian students.
Special projects consist of an audit or review project undertaken with a specific but limited scope.
Special projects exist dealing with every target group.
Special projects Help with mailings, special events, parties, etc.
Special projects involve members of the local community.
Special projects match students with employers for practical applications of skills.
Special projects raise money to support local and international missions.
Special projects take place several times a year integrating the garden as well as the house.
All special projects require written documentation and verification.
Some special projects are d ebating on current and historical issues.
Some special projects are time limited, being targeted at specific staff within the agency.
Special prominence is given to Rome, with many roads leading to it, of course.
Special promotions are available for use as a charity fundraiser.
Special promotions are available on a first come first serve basis.
Special promotions are on throughout the year and theme evenings are also a common feature.
Special promotions are our specialty.
Special promotions designed to appeal to children are also in the works.
Special Promotions Find out about our special services and offers.
Special promotions help to make vendor products more affordable to more of their customers.
All special promotions are limited to stock on hand.
Special properties have special needs.
Special property needs special coverage.
Special prosecutor begins reviewing case.
Special prosecutors have millions of dollars, and legions of lawyers and investigators.
Special protection is provided to wines and spirits.
Special protection is to be given to refugee children.
Special proteins take on the important task of periodically letting ions pass through.
Special provision is made each semester for strong students to individualize their studies.
Special provision is made for accommodating individual student interests or curricular needs.
Special provision is made for adolescents.
Special provision is made for European and Asian law students.
Special provision is made for quick entry of individuals into the system.
Special provision is made in relation to the land shown shaded grey on the map.
Special provision is made to help with course work and examinations.
Special provision needs to be made for geographically remote locations.
Special provisions allow for the election of distinguished persons to honorary membership.
Special provisions apply for applicants who can demonstrate educational disadvantage.
Special provisions apply for changing a child's name.
Special provisions apply for nationals of Eastern European countries.
Special provisions apply for orphaned children.
Special provisions apply if an election is called while an instrument is subject to disallowance.
Special provisions apply to corner lots.
Special provisions apply to domestic insurance companies.
Special provisions apply to members of an ethnic group for whom a personal parish is erected.
Special provisions apply to minors employed in farm work and agriculture processing.
Special provisions apply to newspaper mergers .
Special provisions apply to people with disabilities.
Special provisions apply to personnel being sent to the U.S. to open a new office.
Special provisions apply to protect consumers.
Special provisions apply to removing skin from fish taken on extended commercial fishing tours.
Special provisions apply to state and local government employment .
Special provisions apply to state and local government employment.
Special provisions apply to such works.
Special provisions apply to the enactment of certain local environmental ordinances.
Special provisions apply to the importation of animals.
Special provisions apply to trades of vehicles.
Special provisions are also available for mature students.
Special provisions are available for medical, law, and meteorology students.
Special provisions are available for students with special needs in chemistry courses.
Special provisions are in place for in-person and special assistance voting.
Special provisions designed to avoid breaks in service exist under certain circumstances.
Special provisions exist for exceptional situations.
Special provisions exist for external, open learning and distance education students.
Special provisions govern revenues from leasing.
Special provisions govern students with special education needs.
Special provisions provide insurance coverage for the self-employed, elderly and unemployed.
Special publications are available to the general public, students and teachers.
Special publications are independent supplements inserted into the regular paper.
Special publications evaluate a wide range of consumer activities.
Special publications written by and about women administrators also are available.
Special pumpkins take special measures.
Special purpose is for very bright light, such as skiing, tropical beaches, and mountain climbing.
Special purpose Link to information about special purpose databases.
Special qualifications apply for limited release films.
Special quality inks, as for instance inks for graphic arts and aquabond.
Special quotations are available for customized itineraries.
Special ranges can also be factory configured.
Special rapporteurs are in a better position to respond proactively in relation to violations.
Special rapporteurs can draw on that information.
Special rate applies regardless of which season is chosen for travel.
Special rate applies to characteristic and non characteristic Appaloosas.
Special rate applies.
Special rate features many amenities.
Special rate includes transportation.
Special rate is available for no more than three issues during the calendar year.
Special rate is based on availability.
Special rate is valid for a year.
Special rates apply any time of the year when space is available.
Special rates apply at half-term withdrawal.
Special rates apply during events.
Special rates apply during Sailing Week and are on request.
Special rates apply during turkey and gun deer seasons.
Special rates apply for Advance Payment Scheme, as shown at table.
Special rates apply for both students and the lecturer.
Special rates apply for bulk and group subscriptions.
Special rates apply for calls made from an overseas location to another overseas location.
Special rates apply for corporate functions, receptions, and performance showcases.
Special rates apply for custom backup solutions.
Special rates apply for early bookings.
Special rates apply for end-users and groups.
Special rates apply for full board and stay for a week or longer, ask for details.
Special rates apply for groups of six or more.
Special rates apply for legitimate members of the media and for nonprofit organizations .
Special rates apply for long stay contractors.
Special rates apply for mapping services and full-day use.
Special rates apply for non-profit organizations.
Special rates apply for selected holiday periods.
Special rates apply for selected individual and corporate membership categories.
Special rates apply for small groups.
Special rates apply for voluntary organisations, charities and schools.
Special rates apply for weekends and holidays as well as for two clients in the same home.
Special rates apply for weekly and monthly equipment rentals and extended projects.
Special rates apply if an individual or organization attends two or more seminars.
Special rates apply in many instances.
Special rates apply in several local hotels for course participants and other visitors.
Special rates apply on calls to almost all parts of the world from all parts of the United States.
Special rates apply on some holiday weekends.
Special rates apply to all nights leading up to the show.
Special rates apply to all size cars and all rentals include unlimited mileage.
Special rates apply to bulk orders.
Special rates apply to club members.
Special rates apply to educational establishments and domestic users.
Special rates apply to enrolled students and teachers.
Special rates apply to foreign correspondents and educators only.
Special rates apply to graduate courses and some religion curricula and are available upon request.
Special rates apply to groups.
Special rates apply to licensed day care facilities.
Special rates apply to morning lessons.
Special rates apply to non-standard delivery times.
Special rates apply to real estate advertisers.
Special rates apply to scout badge programs.
Special rates apply to senior citizens.
Special rates apply to singles, single parent families, and senior citizens.
Special rates apply to written and advertising portions.
Special rates apply when more than two modules are bought.
Special rates apply, and reservations are required.
Special rates apply.
Special rates are a good way to trim costs.
Special rates are also applicable for military dependents .
Special rates are also available at local parking garages within walking distance of the campus.
Special rates are also available for graduate students, but a special form is required.
Special rates are also available for groups and long term guests.
Special rates are also available for groups and tours.
Special rates are also available for guests who want to extend their stay at either property.
Special rates are also available for larger units.
Special rates are also available for school groups.
Special rates are also available for single day attendance and for students.
Special rates are also available to large groups and caravans.
Special rates are also negotiable for multiple appearances of event ads.
Special rates are available .
Special rates are available at the hotel listed.
Special rates are available at the hotels listed.
Special rates are available depending on season and duration of stay.
Special rates are available during off season.
Special rates are available during selected months of the year.
Special rates are available during some periods.
Special rates are available for a limited time only.
Special rates are available for a stay of three or more nights, excluding holidays.
Special rates are available for access to CGI scripting and serverside includes.
Special rates are available for accommodations, tennis, tours and dive packages.
Special rates are available for accompanying persons, children and day registrants.
Special rates are available for accompanying persons.
Special rates are available for ads of more than five pages, such as online catalogs.
Special rates are available for all newsletters.
Special rates are available for an introductory period.
Special rates are available for apartment rentals of morethan one month.
Special rates are available for approved businesses and associations.
Special rates are available for block-booking and residencies.
Special rates are available for block-booking.
Special rates are available for books and catalogs.
Special rates are available for bulk orders.
Special rates are available for business clients.
Special rates are available for business travelers or extended stays.
Special rates are available for certain combinations of two or three seminars.
Special rates are available for charitable and corporate events.
Special rates are available for children attending the full day during school holidays.
Special rates are available for children in their parents room.
Special rates are available for commercial and governmental accounts with multiple users.
Special rates are available for contract advertising for four issues.
Special rates are available for corporations, schools and other users with networked computers.
Special rates are available for double or triple occupancy and for students.
Special rates are available for early registration and groups.
Special rates are available for educational groups and organizations who reserve in advance.
Special rates are available for educational institutions, chambers of commerce and associations.
Special rates are available for educators.
Special rates are available for enrollment in more than one school age program.
Special rates are available for extended advertising placement.
Special rates are available for extended stays.
Special rates are available for faculty and staff.
Special rates are available for families.
Special rates are available for first time advertisers and for large volume advertisers.
Special rates are available for golf, tennis, swimming, excellent dining and incredible atmosphere.
Special rates are available for group bookings and a live band or DJ can be arranged by the hotel.
Special rates are available for groups .
Special rates are available for groups and children.
Special rates are available for groups and families.
Special rates are available for groups and Juniors.
Special rates are available for groups as are group menus from our restaurant.
Special rates are available for groups by reservation.
Special rates are available for groups of five or more with preregistration only.
Special rates are available for groups of students with teachers or chaperones.
Special rates are available for groups of ten or more people.
Special rates are available for groups of ten or more students.
Special rates are available for groups of ten or more.
Special rates are available for groups of twelve or more.
Special rates are available for groups with reservations.
Special rates are available for groups, and extended stays.
Special rates are available for groups, for longer stay holidays and for non-peak season.
Special rates are available for groups, kids or learn to bowl classes.
Special rates are available for groups.
Special rates are available for guests staying at least four nights.
Special rates are available for individual African scholars.
Special rates are available for junior golfers.
Special rates are available for large events.
Special rates are available for large groups and birthdays.
Special rates are available for large orders, businesses and corporations.
Special rates are available for large orders.
Special rates are available for law firms.
Special rates are available for librarians, teachers and students.
Special rates are available for litters or groups of dogs.
Special rates are available for long term bookings and corporate clients.
Special rates are available for long winter lets.
Special rates are available for longer stays.
Special rates are available for long-term stays.
Special rates are available for low-income organizations.
Special rates are available for medical school parents or spouses.
Special rates are available for members and educators.
Special rates are available for members of approved professional groups.
Special rates are available for members.
Special rates are available for most items for non-profit organizations or bulk purchases.
Special rates are available for multiple attendees from the same organization.
Special rates are available for multiple banners.
Special rates are available for multiple bookings in one area.
Special rates are available for multiple insertions and artwork preparation.
Special rates are available for multiple performances.
Special rates are available for multiple subscriptions.
Special rates are available for multiple trips in different seasons.
Special rates are available for multiple workstations.
Special rates are available for multiple-ticket purchases.
Special rates are available for multiple-user subscriptions.
Special rates are available for multiply copies.
Special rates are available for no more than three issues during the calendar year.
Special rates are available for Non-beginners.
Special rates are available for non-profit corporations.
Special rates are available for non-profit organizations.
Special rates are available for non-profits.
Special rates are available for nonprofits.
Special rates are available for operators of multiple chambers.
Special rates are available for organizations requesting bulk copies for local distribution.
Special rates are available for other courses and mountains.
Special rates are available for participants.
Special rates are available for postgraduates.
Special rates are available for pre-booked groups, and there is an animal adoption scheme.
Special rates are available for purchasing an entire season of a program.
Special rates are available for qualified builders and developers.
Special rates are available for qualifying individuals.
Special rates are available for renting the entire house and guest cottage.
Special rates are available for researchers from academic institutions.
Special rates are available for residents, retired physicians and active duty military physicians.
Special rates are available for retreats, youth groups, and family reunions.
Special rates are available for scholars outside the U.S. and students.
Special rates are available for school and municipal libraries.
Special rates are available for school and tour groups.
Special rates are available for schools and community groups.
Special rates are available for schools and groups.
Special rates are available for schools that also visit one of our museums.
Special rates are available for senior citizens.
Special rates are available for seniors and students.
Special rates are available for seniors.
Special rates are available for short breaks and longer stays.
Special rates are available for single visitors.
Special rates are available for snacks and banquets catered in any of our meeting rooms .
Special rates are available for some shopping center packages and lengthy infomercials.
Special rates are available for Soroptimists and guests visiting during the conference time.
Special rates are available for stays of a week or more.
Special rates are available for students and people with disabilities.
Special rates are available for students and staff.
Special rates are available for students, senior citizens, and groups.
Special rates are available for subscription agencies.
Special rates are available for subscriptions.
Special rates are available for summer four night visits over holiday weekends.
Special rates are available for teachers and students.
Special rates are available for the entire house.
Special rates are available for tour groups.
Special rates are available for travel agents, airline staff and group bookings.
Special rates are available for two or more persons with the same itinerary, seen at the same time.
Special rates are available for volume filings.
Special rates are available for wedding parties, groups, proms, and for extended rentals.
Special rates are available for weekly stays.
Special rates are available on campsites and shelters.
Special rates are available on proof of identity.
Special rates are available on request.
Special rates are available on wedding and dive packages.
Special rates are available through out the year.
Special rates are available to businesses in their first year of operation.
Special rates are available to couples and preventive cardiology patients.
Special rates are available to full-time students.
Special rates are available to individuals who earn a living as a visual or performing artist.
Special rates are available to organizations employing more than ten remote pagers.
Special rates are available to postdoctoral fellows, residents and interns.
Special rates are available to students.
Special rates are available to subscription agencies.
Special rates are available to two nearby hotels.
Special rates are available when all rooms are rented to one family or party.
Special rates are available when both owner's and mortgage policies are applied at the same time.
Special rates are available when the package is booked within a month of the child's birthday.
Special rates are available with a commitment to buy another property.
Special rates are available.
Special rates are availble for symposium people.
Special rates are good from one week before the conference to one week after.
Special rates are in affect during the repair period.
Special rates are limited period offer valued in India only.
Special rates are now in effect for charter subscribers.
Special rates are often available for weekday or extended stays.
Special rates are sometimes available for half-board.
Special rates are sometimes available.
Special rates are subject to availability only.
Special rates are subject to availability.
Special rates are subject to room availability.
Special rates are usually available.
Special rates are valid for stated dates only.
Special rates can apply depending on size, vicinity and frequency.
Special rates do apply to non-profit organizations.
Special rates exist for export industries.
Special rates offer affordable solutions for part-time service needs.
Special rates spring and fall.
All special rates are non-refundable.
Any special rates obtained for personal use apply to official use.
Special ratings are also available on request.
Special rebate offers.
Some special rebates lower the ticket's price.
Special receptacles are available for dry and liquid radiation wastes.
Special receptors located around the head and snout of a shark detect electric vibrations.
Special recognition calls for special photography.
Special recognition goes out to the chapter logging the most donors.
Special recognition goes to our award winners, both at the graduate and undergraduate levels.
Special recognition goes to the carrier in each division that achieved the greatest reduction.
Special recognition goes to the following.
Special recognition is available for major sponsors.
Special recognition is awarded to sponsors of special events.
Special recognition is due for the intro guitar solo.
Special recognition is given through the presentation of a plaque.
Special recognition is given to anglers tagging the most fish in each species category.
Special recognition is given to members of the following leadership gift clubs categories.
Special recognition is given to teachers and staff every five years.
Special recognition is given to the education of primary care providers.
Special recognition is given to the reentry student.
Special recognition is given to universities which had the top three returns for the year.
Special recognition is made for larger donations.
Special recognition needs to be given to several individuals who worked with the author.
Special recreation needs.
Special reference is given to current policy issues.
Special reference is given to the handling of compressed and liquefied gases.
Special reference is made to biogeographic regions.
Special reference is made to Central America.
Special reference is made to current systems of soil classification.
Special reference is made to human genetic disorders and cancer.
Special reference is made to issues or behaviors that put students at risk.
Special reference is made to outstanding educators, events and movements.
Special reference is made to the identification of ancient, major tectonic regimes.
Special reference is made to the Kuwait Personal Status Law.
Special reference is made to the paired photoreceptor structures of the head.
Special reference is made to the problems of children who require special education services.
Special reference is made to the wording of questions and the construction of questionnaires.
Special reference is made to their senses, social behavior, and intelligence.
Special reflectors concentrate the beam and keep the light low.
Special refractories are expensive, as is down-time for repairing kilns and sore backs.
Special regard is given to songs that embody current political concerns.
Special regard is paid to opportunities to exploit the advance of information technology.
Special regard is paid to selecting the provenance to match the climate and soils of the trial area.
Special regimes apply to mining, oil and gas, and other natural resources.
Special registration is required of conferees who wish to attend an institute.
Special registration is required.
Special regulations aim to grow big fish again.
Special regulations apply and a user contract is required for any event or activity.
Special regulations apply for overnight use.
Special regulations apply here.
Special regulations apply in Jones Hole, such as artificial flies and lures only.
Special regulations apply in the Cottonwood Creek drainage.
Special regulations apply throughout the year on various stretches of the river.
Special regulations apply to animals being imported from the United Kingdom.
Special regulations apply to areas within the floodplain.
Special regulations apply to corner lots.
Special regulations apply to deducting automobile expenses.
Special regulations apply to designated portions of water bodies.
Special regulations apply to each species.
Special regulations apply to exhibits.
Special regulations apply to farming in Israel.
Special regulations apply to frogs, turtles, tadpoles, minnows, and ice fishing.
Special regulations apply to horsepackers in order to maintain low impact travel and camping.
Special regulations apply to livestock kept in confined areas.
Special regulations apply to some Texas water bodies.
Special regulations apply to spirits and tobacco.
Special regulations apply to steelhead and cutthroat trout in southeast Alaska.
Special regulations apply to the transfer, import, or export of firearms and other weapons.
Special regulations apply to transactions with related companies situated in low tax countries.
Special regulations apply to unusual or exotic pets.
Special regulations apply to visits to Canada, Mexico, or adjacent islands.
Special regulations apply when alcoholic beverages are served.
Special regulations apply, a free permit and brochure is available at the refuge office.
Special regulations apply.
Special regulations are applicable to the oil, geothermal and mining activities.
Special regulations are applicable to the summer session.
Special regulations are for barbless, single hook, no live bait, catch and release angling.
Special regulations are in effect at many state parks.
Special regulations are in effect for largemouth bass here.
Special regulations are in effect.
Special regulations are in place, including fly fishing only sections.
Special regulations are in place.
Special regulations close some creeks in the area during the rainbow trout spawn.
Special regulations consist of framework regulations that are applied on a small scale.
Special regulations cover canned milk, some foods and beverages.
Special regulations cover the minimum size and creel limits for all species of bass.
Special regulations cover the minimum size and creel limits.
Special regulations do apply so check annual regulations pamphlet for details.
Special regulations exist for several sections of the river.
Special regulations exist for the removal and disposal of asbestos.
Special regulations go into effect when large concentrations of whales are in the park.
Special regulations govern fishing in both lakes.
Special regulations govern the entry of livestock shipments .
Special regulations govern the import of margarine.
Special regulations govern the marking of patent or proprietary medicines.
Special regulations govern the production, processing and marketing of milk and milk products .
Special regulations govern tobacco and tobacco products.
Special regulations make a mediocre fishery, a great fishery.
Special regulations outlining the several programs offered are available from the department.
Special regulations prohibit hanging announcements, posters, etc.
Some special regulations apply to certain sections.
Special reinforcements give it the grit to take big engines and hard landings.
Special relationships are all about how love is supposed to be.
Special relationships develop with the people that swim with dolphins.
Special relationships exist between Wake County schools and the postsecondary institutions.
Special relativity appears only at the end, if at all, and after electromagnetism and optics.
Special relativity becomes irrelevant and so the speed of light limit falls.
Special relativity can deal with accelerated frames to an extent.
Special relativity can only be approximately true.
Special relativity holds in all the universe in local space and time .
Special relativity holds in all the universe in local space and time.
Special relativity is a local approximation to a far more complex global geometry for space-time.
Special relativity is a scientific theory
Special relativity is a special case of a more general physics.
Special relativity is a subset of general relativity.
Special relativity is also limited to non-accelerating reference frames.
Special relativity is demonstrated with high speed trains.
Special relativity is like that game.
Special relativity is needed as a background.
Special relativity is one of the best-confirmed theories in history.
Special relativity is relativity.
Special relativity says that every person has their own time .
Special relativity says that every person has their own time.
Special relativity shows that time behaves surprisingly like the three spatial dimensions.
Some special relativity explains light.
Some special relativity relates investigations.
Some special relativity takes places.
Special relief is provided for transactions involving plans sponsored by service providers.
Special rentals offer a wider variety of sizes and colors.
Special report details the importance of making a good first impression online.
Special report examines the census information and how it affects Maine's cities and towns.
Special reports are also available.
Special reports are an in-depth study, analysis or review exploring the media.
Special reports are available at additional cost.
Special reports are available upon request.
Special reports are due at least a day before that.
Special reports are indepth articles and projects on issues and trends that impact Silicon Valley.
Special reports are more formal than periodic ones.
Special reports are often useful to present information on specific topics.
Special reports are prepared to meet each request for data.
Special reports can manipulate data in any manner without affecting the system's integrity.
Special reports continue.
Special reports cover a particular court or kind of case.
Special reports deal more extensively with planned giving topics.
Special reports discuss conference outcomes, education theory development and reform approaches.
Special reports expose car dealer rip-offs and tricks.
Special reports focus on topics like salary surveys and the best business schools for women.
Special reports interrupt regular television programming.
Special reports provide in-depth analysis on social and commercial issues around the world.
Special reports round out the coverage.
Special reports show the profit at different buying prices, selling prices, and feed costs.
Special reports showing outstanding encumbrances are also available when needed.
Special Reports View the current list of publications in our library.
Some special reports are available on-line.
Special request are subject to rooms availability only.
Special requests are also available.
Special requests are also welcome.
Special requests are always welcome.
Special requests are an everyday part of business at Tour Canada West.
Special requests are available.
Special requests are easy to accommodate.
Special requests are just an e-mail away.
Special requests are no problem, feel free to submit any inquiry.
Special requests are no problem.
Special requests are our expertise.
Special requests are our speciality.
Special requests are our specialty.
Special requests are possible by contacting the park office.
Special requests are the same price as all of our charts.
Special requests are welcome with adequate notice and priced based on customer specifications.
Special requests are welcome, and a custom quote can always be requested.
Special requests are welcome, and new items are added weekly.
Special requests are welcome.
Special requests have an earlier registration deadline.
Special requests require a deposit.
Special requests require a minimum purchase commitment.
Special requests require prior consultation with the laboratory.
Special requests welcome and a full meal plan option and picnics available.
Special requests welcome.
All special requests are subject to availability upon check-in.
All special requests are subject to availability.
All special requests are welcome.
Any special request is a pleasure, just ask.
Any special requests are always welcome.
Any special requests are to be made at time of booking.
Special requirements apply to each of the subspecialties.
Special requirements apply to the labelling of foodstuffs, as well as the advertising of such items.
Special requirements are no problem.
Special requirements are project leadership and supervision.
Special requirements exist for test fuels under the fuel-specific certification option.
Special requirements exist in some fields of study.
Special requirements govern the disposal of such waste.
Special requirements have to be discussed with the local organizer.
Special Requirements Provide own transportaion with vehicle allowance provided.
Special requirements relate to conditions.
Special requirements relate to high voltage conditions.
Most special requirements relate to conditions.
Most special requirements relate to high voltage conditions.
Special reservations are available for groups of eight.
Special resource guides on specific subjects selected by the teacher.
Special resources are also available for faculty and staff who manage departmental labs .
Special resources are available for particular age groups.
Special resources provide information based on gender, genre, nationality, or time period.
Special restrictions apply here so be sure to check the current regulations.
Special restrictions apply to certain waters.
Special restrictions apply to changing the owner of a file.
Special restrictions apply to each case in order to provide assistance.
Special restrictions apply to meal reimbursements on single-day trips, see under 'Meals', below.
Special restrictions apply to minibus drivers.
Special restrictions apply to prime wetlands.
Special restrictions apply to the transportation of batteries.
Special restrictions apply to transport batteries.
Special restrictions apply to wild and hatchery-origin fish.
Special restrictions apply.
Some special restrictions apply to certain courses.
Some special restrictions apply to materials at the undergraduate libraries.
Special revenue includes the shared ride fund and the refuse and recycling fund.
Special review processes.
Many special rides are available on the farm and on nearby farms and trails.
Special ridges release litter from cat's paws.
Special rights devalue the life of another.
Special river trips education experiences.
Special room attributes that are a permanent part of the room.
Special rooms are available for the handicapped.
Special rooms are available on all units for patients who require isolation.
Special rooms are under construction to house books and church inventory of the old origin.
Special routes are available by request.
Special rugs make it possible.
Special rules allow a borrower to avoid a rebate of arbitrage proceeds.
Special rules allow a loss in a federal disaster area to be carried back three years.
Special rules allow for punts, field goals, points after touchdowns, kickoffs and penaltys.
Special rules apply as to what U.S. assets are included in the gross estate.
Special rules apply depending on date of purchase.
Special rules apply during the deer gun season.
Special rules apply for banking, financial and insurance institutions.
Special rules apply for children of divorced or separated parents.
Special rules apply for couples that married or separated during the year.
Special rules apply for defining wages in the case of certain agricultural labor and railway labor.
Special rules apply for determining the winner of a blocked round.
Special rules apply for entry into the U.S.-operated defense area in Greenland.
Special rules apply for foods imported for commercial purposes.
Special rules apply for goods and services provided by universities.
Special rules apply for human subjects money.
Special rules apply for imported zoo animals .
Special rules apply for imports of ostriches and emus and other ratites.
Special rules apply for leaves of absence.
Special rules apply for legal actions in freedom of the press cases.
Special rules apply for living donors.
Special rules apply for oil and gas partnership activities.
Special rules apply for parents of disabled children.
Special rules apply for partial exclusion, depreciation and other situations.
Special rules apply for plans that are aggregated due to merger.
Special rules apply for scoring a goal by a woman.
Special rules apply for tax benefits from donations of tangible property.
Special rules apply for the army as well as police and customs authorities.
Special rules apply for tips received by employees.
Special rules apply for transfer students.
Special rules apply for treaty coproductions.
Special rules apply for U.S. and Canadian companies.
Special rules apply for work experience for adult instruction.
Special rules apply if a bar line happens to be placed at the end of a score.
Special rules apply if service months are allocated as a result of a personal injury settlement.
Special rules apply if the deceased person was already taking distributions from the account.
Special rules apply if there is no measuring beneficiary.
Special rules apply in developed forest campgrounds.
Special rules apply in measuring the period of limitations when a child is injured.
Special rules apply in Texas.
Special rules apply in the case of a merger, consolidation, or division of a partnership.
Special rules apply on business combinations.
Special rules apply on disability benefits.
Special rules apply on marriage breakdown, transfers between plan provisions of the same plan, etc.
Special rules apply to a limited number of specific businesses.
Special rules apply to a projected income investment.
Special rules apply to a transfer resulting from the death of the licensee.
Special rules apply to adopted children.
Special rules apply to agricultural, domestic work and to the entertainment industry.
Special rules apply to all fly fishing record submissions.
Special rules apply to an installment sale between related persons.
Special rules apply to appeals.
Special rules apply to applicants who are resident in the European Economic Area.
Special rules apply to bicycle riders, get more information and pamphlets at the park gatehouse.
Special rules apply to carpool members.
Special rules apply to certain areas such as scholarship and research grants.
Special rules apply to certain clean-fuel vehicles.
Special rules apply to children.
Special rules apply to churches because churches start out exempt.
Special rules apply to Close corporations.
Special rules apply to consumers with homes under construction.
Special rules apply to contributions of appreciated art or other collectibles.
Special rules apply to convention organizers.
Special rules apply to conventions held outside the North American area.
Special rules apply to corporate groups and partnerships with corporate members.
Special rules apply to courses in which the coursework contributes to the formal assessment process.
Special rules apply to court proceedings in freedom of the press cases.
Special rules apply to credit scoring.
Special rules apply to crew leaders.
Special rules apply to CRTs.
Special rules apply to depositions.
Special rules apply to direct contributions of tangible personal property.
Special rules apply to disabled individuals and collectively bargained plans.
Special rules apply to dividends received from certain foreign corporations as referred to above.
Special rules apply to dividends received from foreign corporations.
Special rules apply to divorced parents.
Special rules apply to each type of coverage change.
Special rules apply to employees of local education agencies.
Special rules apply to employees on flexible or compressed work schedules .
Special rules apply to extra schedules.
Special rules apply to farming-income taxpayers.
Special rules apply to farm-raised venison and other exotic meats.
Special rules apply to first-year students.
Special rules apply to foreign orphans adopted by U.S. citizens.
Special rules apply to foreign trusts .
Special rules apply to foreign trusts.
Special rules apply to handicapped patients and senior citizens.
Special rules apply to honors in mathematical economics.
Special rules apply to income from assets.
Special rules apply to investments in real estate.
Special rules apply to loci identified by certain DNA segments.
Special rules apply to married couples living apart and divorced or legally separated parents.
Special rules apply to married couples who file separately.
Special rules apply to members of religious orders who have taken a vow of poverty.
Special rules apply to members of the clergy.
Special rules apply to mining and petroleum exploration companies.
Special rules apply to minor children of divorced parents.
Special rules apply to minors employed in agriculture.
Special rules apply to minors when they recover money from the insurance company.
Special rules apply to money funds.
Special rules apply to multi-unit dwellings and mobile homes.
Special rules apply to new landscaping.
Special rules apply to non-fixed payments subject to a cap.
Special rules apply to nonresident alien employees.
Special rules apply to obtaining a U.S. visa in Canada or Mexico.
Special rules apply to older workers.
Special rules apply to our residents.
Special rules apply to owner builders.
Special rules apply to paid mass media advertisements.
Special rules apply to persons with access to lockers.
Special rules apply to posted workers.
Special rules apply to prevent the inappropriate use of the election.
Special rules apply to property received as a gift or inheritance.
Special rules apply to publicly- traded entities.
Special rules apply to publicly traded partnerships.
Special rules apply to publishing houses.
Special rules apply to refunds for veterans receiving benefits.
Special rules apply to refunds on pre-paid accounts, which a discount was received for such payment.
Special rules apply to rentals and leases.
Special rules apply to securities of affiliated companies and small business stock.
Special rules apply to self-employed individuals, including partners in a partnership.
Special rules apply to some areas to protect the values they represent.
Special rules apply to spousal contributions.
Special rules apply to stairs and stairwells, garages, balconies and basements.
Special rules apply to such importations from Canada.
Special rules apply to summer employment for employees on academic year salaries.
Special rules apply to taxi businesses, charities and non-profit organizations.
Special rules apply to the adoption of Native American children.
Special rules apply to the carriage of bulky items such as skis, golf-bags, bicycles etc.
Special rules apply to the export of computer software outside the United Sates.
Special rules apply to the following expenses.
Special rules apply to the joker move.
Special rules apply to the marketing efforts law firms engage in.
Special rules apply to the purchase of multiple service.
Special rules apply to the reporting of third-party sick pay.
Special rules apply to the sale of break-open tickets.
Special rules apply to the use of check requests for reimbursement of postage.
Special rules apply to the use of disabled parking on campus.
Special rules apply to the use of rare books, manuscripts and other materials.
Special rules apply to three related bounties.
Special rules apply to trailers, boats, farm tractors, and farm equipment.
Special rules apply to U.S. citizens with excludable income from U.S. possessions.
Special rules apply to U.S. military personnel and to nonresident aliens.
Special rules apply to worker's compensation, umbrella, and surplus lines policies.
Special rules apply when an employee is transferred within state government.
Special rules apply when flying near any Airport.
Special rules apply when one of the siblings is in the co-operative education program.
Special rules apply when reporting dividends.
Special rules apply where multiple beneficiaries have been designated.
Special rules apply where one adoptive parent is already a stepparent.
Special rules apply where the leased property is used for making financial supplies.
Special rules apply with respect to swimming pools.
Special rules apply, and vary by state.
Special rules apply, based on estimates, for the initial plan year.
Special rules apply.
Special rules can apply to art held by museums.
Special rules can apply.
Special rules cover projector weapons, web bolas, expendable spines, pheromones, venom, and armor.
Special rules cover projector weapons, web bolas, expendible spines, pheromones, venom, and armor.
Special rules deal with changes in rateable value and the merge or splitting of existing properties.
Special rules deal with striking the wrong ball.
Special rules define when a benefit is insignificant.
Special rules determine the residence of trustees and executors.
Special rules do, however, apply in respect of resident institutional investors.
Special rules exist for collective bargaining agreements.
Special rules exist for grand jury proceedings.
Special rules exist for works with revived copyrights.
Special rules exist in many states for recovery of insufficient funds checks.
Special rules exist in relation to the following share matters.
Special rules govern how the number of employees is counted.
Special rules govern resales of securities in a variety of other situations.
Special rules govern the entire processing of poultry.
Special rules govern the importation of biological materials, organisms, and vectors .
Special rules make it easy for golfers of all levels to compete for first place.
Special rules provide for adding accents in such cases.
Special rules regulate behavior in and out of the class room.
Special rules regulate the passing of the lead.
Special rules vary the hex scale, elapsed time, and other factors for each game in the series.
More special rules kick in when one spouse dies.
Some special rules apply to Canada and Mexico because of their location.
Some special rules apply to domestic workers who are eligible for overtime pay.
Some special rules apply to employees of local education agencies .
Some special rules apply to employees of local education agencies.
Some special rules apply to exponents.
Some special rules apply to trade-ins of business equipment.
Some special rules apply when calculating capital gains or losses for inherited stock.
Some special rules are required.
Some special rules limit protection.
Special sailboats provide a view of glaciers, fjords, waterfalls and wildlife.
Special sales take place every month.
Special samples can be used with the home DNA test kit, however, additional charges apply.
Special samples receive first column price plus make ready costs and any necessary art charges.
Some special samples are available as soon as they come out.
Special savings are available for small businesses and non-profit organizations.
Special savings are available for small businesses and nonprofit organizations.
Special savings are available through local travel agents.
Special savings are available with season passes and the Preview Plan.
Special savings offers.
Special scales are available in other units of measurement or specific gravities.
Special scales are available in other units of measurement or specific gravity.
Special scarves make gorgeous formalwear sets.
Special scarfs used for kneeling at church and towels constitute a unit apart.
Special scenes are available for additional cost.
Special scenes can be custom painted.
Special scents can really enhance any room, use a light potpourri or air freshener.
Special schedules apply during breaks and summer.
Special schedules are possible with prior approval.
Special scheduling is done for finals week and for the summer.
Special scheduling is offered usually during our off-peak times.
Special scheduling is possible.
Special scholarships are also available to members.
Special scholarships are also available to promising students in a variety of areas.
Special scholarships are available for air tickets and other expenses.
Special scholarships are available for full-time research in the summer and winter sessions.
Special scholarships are available for qualifying students.
Special scholarships are available for study in business, law, pure sciences and journalism.
Special scholarships are available for the best athletes.
Special scholarships are available for the study of applied music.
Special scholarships are available for transfer students.
Special scholarships are available from the government of the Republic of China for study in Taiwan.
Special scholarships are available to pre-nursing and nursing students.
Special scholarships are available to students from selected community colleges.
Special scholarships encouraging international and diversity students are available.
Special schools are centres of excellence and havens for some people within the school system.
Special schools are devoted to children with special needs.
Special schools can be in state or out of state.
Special screens appear on holidays.
Special scrutiny is required with respect to certain types of facilities, such as home offices.
Special sealer is applied to all concrete surfaces.
Special search features, especially for travelers who drive to their destinations.
Special searches are also available.
Special season offers.
Special section contains twenty color photos, many feature articles, graphics, trivia.
Special section covers many gall-forming insects.
Special section covers uncontested divorce, procedure and document preparation.
Special section displays modern bullion gold and silver coins.
Special section focuses on fat.
Special section includes case histories, image and video gallery, forum and related discussions.
Special section is dedicated to the oil and gas sector of the economy.
Special section is devoted to the issues related to living standards of families with children.
Special section lists information about individual oils and their benefits.
Special section offers a comprehensive look at spring training.
Special section offers tips for helping dog-phobic kids.
Special sections are available for students with reading deficiencies.
Special sections are available on technology and small business.
Special sections are available on toll-free numbers.
Special sections are collections of articles on a specific topic.
Special sections are devoted to hammer throw.
Special sections are devoted to legislative initiatives and technology in the grants office.
Special sections are devoted to the declared pregnant worker and risks due to radiation exposure.
Special sections are often a tabloid or booklet format.
Special sections break out potential clients by broad business types.
Special sections cover business and sports reporting.
Special sections cover fitness, nutrition, first aid, etc.
Special sections cover notary public licensing preparation and basic proofreading.
Special sections deal with issues such as Dutch elm disease, pruning and much more.
Special sections discuss issues relating to age-restricted and gated communities.
Special sections discuss motorcycle history and the timeless motorcycle mystique.
Special sections encourage home cooks to experiment and take risks for the sheer taste of it.
Special sections feature new bands.
Special sections featuring the world's richest Billfish tournament are now available.
Special sections focus on community action and water education.
Special sections focus on playground and mini-league skills.
Special sections focus on retirement, grants, and scholarships.
Special sections have earlier closing dates.
Special sections have earlier payment requirements.
Special sections have lots of free stationery downloads and personal, submitted stories.
Special sections highlight regional services of interest to the bride.
Special sections make up various issues of the paper.
Special sections offer advice for parents and coaches as well.
Special sections offer information on Denali National Park and more remote wildlands.
Special sections offer interesting reading.
Special sections offers travel tips, and where to obtain adapters.
Special sections provide dressing recipes and tutorials on what greens go together.
Special sections provide interviews with leading CEOs and investment analysts.
Special sections run in certain geographic areas.
Special sections use computers each semester.
Special security features effectively eliminate customer tampering.
Special segments are devoted to major national and global social welfare issues.
Special selections can become part of the child's long-term school portfolio.
Special seminars are available through the summer months.
Special seminars bring in speakers of interest to various segments of the staff and students.
Special seminars concentrate on specialized topics within one of three areas.
Special seminars feature industry professionals who discuss issues related to the real world.
Special seminars geared for women in the workplace are also available.
Special seminars supplement the process, usually on company time.
Special seminars teach women how to stop an attack and get away.
Special senses show no new features.
Special sensors detect if a cardiac arrest victim needs a shock.
Special server is used for normal working in multiple networks and internet.
Special service is done to children and elderly people.
Special services are also available for law faculty.
Special services are also available for private or large parties.
Special services are also available for students with disabilities.
Special services are also available in dental, eye, and foot care.
Special services are also available to evening-weekend students.
Special services are also available.
Special services are also often available.
Special services are avaialble for students with disabilities .
Special services are available as listed below.
Special services are available at an extra charge to supplement the above.
Special services are available for acquisitions, closings and zoning compliance procedures.
Special services are available for affected workers.
Special services are available for business owners.
Special services are available for children.
Special services are available for elderly disabled and college students.
Special services are available for registered patients.
Special services are available for students with exceptional needs.
Special services are available for students with special needs and abilities.
Special services are available for the evaluation and treatment of pediatric emergencies.
Special services are available for visitors wh are have limited vision or hearing impairments.
Special services are available in toxicology and poison management.
Special services are available to members with chronic illness at no additional cost.
Special services are available to patrons with physical or learning disabilities.
Special services are available to promote a successful learning experience.
Special services are available to students with disabilities.
Special services are available to support the unique needs of our students.
Special services are available, such as catalog mailings on request.
Special services are available.
Special services carry out inspection of enterprises.
Special services covered include mental health and chemical dependency services.
Special services give teens freedom to shop for themselves without risk.
Special services occur throughout the year.
Special services performed by staff continue to grow.
Special services take place throughout the year as well.
Special services vary from country to country.
Many special services are available for patients.
Many special services enhance our worship throughout the year.
Some special services are available for the visually impaired and the hearing impaired.
Some special services require a separate fee.
A special session is a session
Special sessions aim to collect research results from different qualified perspectives.
Special sessions allow members to bring their own Word projects to share with members.
Special sessions are also welcome.
Special sessions are devoted to giving and receiving comments on the participants' Ph.D. proposals.
Special sessions are limited to thirty days.
Special sessions are more expensive because legislators are eligible for daily expenses.
Special sessions are sessions.
Special sessions are welcome, as are contributions from graduate students.
Special sessions are welcome.
Special sessions can focus on elementary, middle, and high school materials.
Special sessions consist of three to five papers related to neural networks or related area.
Special sessions examine new entrepreneurial opportunities, such as Internet ventures.
Special sessions help assist in developing interpretive skills.
Special sessions look at visualization and on-chip communications.
Special sessions occur about as often as in Minnesota but last about three times longer, on average.
Special sets are also available for holidays and special celebrations.
Special settings are available for children with special needs.
Special shape conforms to natural hand movements, providing maximum comfort and control.
Special shape firebrick arch construction inside ductwork.
Special shapes are also available.
Special shapes liven up the play and include guns, bombs, and anvils.
Special share offers.
Special shelf mounting system allows full vertical adjustment of fixed and rollout shelves.
Special shielding prevents the penetration of life threatening heat and radiation.
Special shipping applies to other locations.
Special shipping is also available for an additional charge, and is outlined on pg.
Special shipping is available for both rushes and regular orders upon request.
Special shipping is available for rush orders.
Special shipping is available on request.
Special shipping is available per customers request.
Special shipping is extra.
Special shipping is possible.
All special shipping is at the customers expense.
Special shoes can help relieve pressure.
Special shopping offers .
Special shopping passes available.
Special Shots Can lob consistently on moderate shots.
Special Shots Has all the shots.
Special shows are available during the holiday seasons.
Special showtimes are available.
Special sightings can include whalesharks, eagle rays, manta rays, dolphins and false killer whales.
Special signs are to be marked in colour.
Special signals are sent which fry the illegal boxes, then the hackers build new ones.
Special signals indicate whether the multiplexed bus is being used for data or address.
Special significance is attached to any visions of one's father.
Special significance is given to each decoration, carving, and painting on every mask.
Special sites are also available for mobility-impaired visitors.
Special situations call for special database choices.
Special situations can arise which trigger additional rules.
Special situations can range from forest fire potential, pesky black bears or severe weather.
Special situations exist for places like rips.
Special situations require more than regular mirror checks.
Special situations require other tests to be employed.
Some special situations are discussed below.
Special sizes are also available at further discounts, but prepayment is always needed.
Special sizes are also available.
Special sizes are available and can be quoted on request.
Special sizes are available at an extra charge.
Special sizes are available at standard cost.
Special sizes are available on request.
Special sizes are available upon request.
Special sizes avail.
Many special sizes are also available from our large inventory.
Special skill is indispensable in causing instant death.
Special skill is required and all resorts that rent telemark skis offer instruction.
Special skills are welcome and in some cases mandatory.
Special skills help animals.
Special skills needed include cash handling, customer service and phone skills.
Special skills needed include cash handling, customer service And phone skills.
Special skills required are electrochemistry and instrumentation analysis.
Most special skills help animals.
Special skimmers have to be used once the oil slick has been cornered.
Special smells can really conjure up memories.
Special snakes are available for toilets.
Special snippets are first.snp and last.snp.
Special socket grips retaining washer.
Special sockets grip retaining washers.
Special software allows the direct use of computers in support of post-professional education.
Special software allows typed-in messages to be viewed by everyone taking part at that time.
Special software allows users to read non-Roman script.
Special software can further aid the mobility impaired.
Special software can search for certain words to key in on.
Special software controls the system and allows it to function as an integrated tool.
Special software enables word processing.
Special software generates reports based on the downloaded data.
Special software has to be used for calculation of undercut areas.
Special software helps explore subjects indepth.
Special software helps students visualize electric and magnetic fields.
Special software helps to insure that the focus is prompt, accurate, and stable.
Special software is available for coordinating and printing the final product.
Special software is available for the creation and analysis of text.
Special software is installed on the riffraff cluster.
Special software is needed for the panorama views.
Special software is needed to manage the site, called web server software.
Special software is needed to view.
Special software is required for Asian languages.
Special software is required for viewing.
Special software is required to play streaming audio and video.
Special software is required to print a binary file or view it on the screen.
Special software is required to provide the functionality required by the the field of- fficer.
Special software is required to read the data.
Special software is required to send and receive e-mail.
Special software is required to view a graphic or listen to a sound.
Special software is required to view and print PDF documents.
Special software is required to view some items.
Special software is required to view the images in the full-text database.
Special software is required to work with the carrier-phase differential measurements.
Special software is required which can be downloaded.
Special software is required.
Special software is used to calculate and complete the missing colour data.
Special software is used to convert voice into text or to activate menu options.
Special software is used to send hundreds of thousands of e-mails at the click of a mouse.
Special software keeps track of every site the user visits.
Special software makes also vibration and noise analyses.
Special software manages each page for search engine submission and site rankings.
Special software operates the list.
Special software prevents accidental erasure of temps.
Special software provides a simplified routine user interface.
Special software provides additional attributes.
Special software recognizes the components and allows their immediate use.
Special software runs on top of the operating system to perform the load-balancing functions.
Special software tabulates data on quantities, size and type.
Special software used by some ISPs can be problematic.
Some special software is avaliable on the internet.
Special solders exist for other applications.
Special solvent removes diesel smoke.
Special solvents are available for treating galvanized metal.
Special souls stay with the people they leave behind forever.
Special soundtrack offers.
Special soy based formula are available for children under one year of age.
Special speakers discuss the disease, treatment options and lifestyle changes.
Special specification is to be negotiated.
Special spices are also available.
Special staff is engaged in studying the situation and organization of propagandist work.
Special stains are available upon request.
Special stains are necessary to confirm the presence of calcium.
Special stains are some of the most complex tests performed in the laboratory.
Special stains can detect their presence and if present, are a favorable prognostic indicator.
Special stains come from unusual substances and require individual treatment.
Special stains show increased portal fibrosis using the trichrome stain.
Many special stains are available.
Special stamps are the extra stamps the post office prints each year.
Special standards apply.
Special starch is used as dusting powder and surgical glove powder.
Special status allows students to take core courses on a space-available basis.
Special status is available for students, full time academics and recently qualified lawyers.
Special status is divisive.
Special stockings aid the process.
Special stones are found throughout Europe, many mark the central pont of many cities.
Special stories are at the foot of the page.
Special stories do appear on certain interesting issues related to space technology.
Special story placements with regional and national media.
Some special stories are worth relating.
Special strainer prevents the accumulation of pulp.
Special strengths are East and West European news.
Special strengths lie in medieval and British imperial history.
Special strengths lie in opera, broadway musicals and world folk music.
Special strengths lie in opera, world folk music and African-American music, including rap music.
Special strengths lie in popular music, jazz, and blues.
Special stress is on family audiences.
Special stress is placed on fellowship and missionary work.
Special stress is placed on the relation of theology to spirituality and the Christian life.
Special stress is to be laid on a general ventilation inside the case.
Special structures attract and trap insects.
Special students are eligible to apply for the program.
Special students are eligible to seek admission to one of the advanced degree programs.
Special students are ineligible for financial aid awards.
Special students are limited to a maximum of six credits or two classes per semester .
Special students are subject to all requirements prescribed for regular students.
Special students are subject to the academic regulations of the college.
Special students are subject to the same tuition and fees as regular degree seeking students.
Special students can go directly to registration to register for courses.
Special students complete and submit all application forms required for regular admission.
Special Students earn no credit.
Special students require instructor's permission.
Special students require permission of the instructor.
Special students take courses of their own choosing.
Special studies are available on request.
Special studies are necessary to determine the type of lymphoma and the correct diagnosis.
Special studies are open to juniors and seniors only.
Special studies can help in distinguishing more poorly differentiated tumors.
Special studies intertwine Biblical studies with contemporary issues.
Special studies range from simple to sophisticated.
Special study is also necessary when a sag occurs in the vertical alignment within the cut.
Some special subs do exist, like stealth subs and ones able to capture opponents vehicles.
Special subdivisions lead to a more fruitful approach as to the patient s pharmacologic needs.
Special subjects are in bold type.
Special Subjects are obligatory for single History students following the comparative syllabus.
Special subscription offers on many magazines popular with movie and video fans.
Special suggestions accompany the exercises.
Special suites are available for the teaching and practice of oral surgery and radiology.
Special sunscreens protect hair from the harsh and yellowing effects of the sun and the environment.
Special sunscreens safeguard hair from possible UV damage.
Special supplements are devoted to symposia, workshops, and other long reports.
Special supplements combining some of all of the above can help.
Special supplements give advertisers even greater value for money and increased exposure.
Special support can include regular maintenance and upkeep, tech support and online help.
Special support is available for minority applicants.
Special support is given to publish Roma poetry and Roma folk-legends.
Special support is needed both in the server's operating system and in the actual server software.
Special support is provided for elected members, central purchasing and school board elections.
Special support is provided for students falling below standards and expectations.
Special surgery can remove part of the gland to allow a more normal flow of urine.
Special sweets are prepared.
Special symbols show which birds nest in bird houses and which come to bird feeders.
Many special symbols are available in math mode.
Special symposia promise to be the most progressive yet.
Special synods deal with matters concerning a particular region or nation.
Special syntheses are available upon consultation.
Special tables are all accented with ivy garland and bows.
Special tables exist to detail the area under the curve for any Z values.
Special tables give historical lists of kings, popes, presidents, and more.
Special tables have floating tops which glide easily and smoothly into various positions.
Special tabulations are available on a cost-recovery basis.
Special tabulations are available to meet specific needs.
Special tabulations are prepared on a cost basis.
Special tabulations provide breakdowns by race, gender or age categories.
Special tags define the tense , number and person of each verb.
Special talents are welcome.
Special tanning allows repeated washings and tumbling in low heat dryer.
Special tape is applied and then the legs are wrapped with elastic bandages.
Special tape is applied to the child's legs, which are then wrapped with elastic bandages.
Special tapes geared for beginners or tapes entirely in Hebrew are available by request.
Special tariffs exist for tobacco, alcoholic beverages, petroleum and automotive vehicles.
Special taxis operate Brussels's airport.
Special taxes are local taxes where the revenues raised are dedicated to a specific purpose.
Special tea is the favourite drink, but sheep, goat and camel's milk are also popular.
Special teachers are experts in their fields.
Special teachers develop the music, physical education, computer, and library classes.
Special teachers guides a usually available for our special traveling exhibits as well.
Special teachers provide art, music, curriculum enrichment, and physical education.
All special teachers feel that our class has very poor listening skills.
Special team rates off all gear hire.
Special teams are a huge part of the game.
Special teams are a lot more unorganized, too.
Special teams are also a bit lacking.
Special teams are an integral part of our team.
Special teams are excellent.
Special teams are just that, special.
Special teams are more important than ever.
Special teams are mystifyingly bad.
Special teams are organised to tackle suck tasks.
Special teams are ridiculously erratic.
Special teams are the biggest secret to their success so far.
Special teams are very important in getting off to a good start.
Special teams are very important.
Special teams can make a difference.
Special teams can make the difference in two or three games during a season.
Special teams commits a turnover.
Special teams discuss reports whenever they can arrange time.
Special teams go in cycles.
Special teams go way beyond the punter, the kicker, and the return man.
Special teams has to be our edge.
Special teams have to clean it up.
Special teams is a very important factor in evaluating our players.
Special teams is an emergency the whole game.
Special teams is best in the Big Ten, perhaps the nation.
Special teams is just as important as the offense or the defense.
Special teams is the unsung hero of the team.
Special teams let the team down a little bit.
Special teams line up and make sure everyone knows their place and duties.
Special teams make the difference.
Special teams mistakes Mistakes by Dallas' special teams contributed heavily to recover.
Special teams play was an up and down area for Kansas last fall.
Special teams play was very, very disappointing.
Special teams play was, to be kind, mediocre at best.
Special teams prove to be just as important as offense and defense.
Special teams seem likely since the past to games have been so close.
All special teams are highly trained and dedicated individuals.
Special technique is needed to create the images used.
Special techniques are also unlimited, and include digital and darkroom manipulation.
Special techniques are available for deep-water operations such as SPARs.
Special techniques are available to help patients resume sexual relations.
Special techniques are available to make concrete slip-resistant and sparkling.
Special techniques are used to separate microfossils from rock .
Special techniques are used to separate microfossils from rock.
Special techniques ensure complete relaxation and comfort even late in pregnancy.
Special techniques exist to process multi-spectral images.
Special techniques fit existing nodes and limit the complexity of resulting cells.
Special techniques guarantee low intercept probability and very high anti-jam gain.
Special techniques Use a wide paintbrush to apply the melted butter to the sheets of phyllo dough.
Special technology is used in the analysis and interpretation of various forms and characteristics.
Special technology reduces eye fatigue and strain.
Special tee drains away any condensate to prevent corrosion.
Special telescopes can detect electron plasma in outer space.
Special terms apply.
Special Terms apply.
Special terms are available for exclusive bookings.
Special terms are available for qualified veterans.
Special terms are available for regular clients.
Special terms are available for school classes.
Special terms are available for the unemployed.
Special terms are available to fund raising organizations.
Special terms are used to describe pedigree.
Special terms come to look natural, next to the familiarity of common-language words.
Special terminology goes along with the new law.
Special terminology is used to describe the degree of abnormal cells.
Special terminology tends to become dated.
Some special terminology is used in the discussion of and analysis of voting systems.
Special tests are available.
Special tests are one-time programs to check a new operating feature or the like.
Special tests can check for hearing loss.
Special tests determine the effect of unusual in-service environments.
Special tests have to be made to tell for sure.
Special tests have to be used, including retinoscopy and refraction.
Special testing is also available for students with disabilities.
Special testing is available at customers requests.
Special testing is available for students with disabilities.
Special testing is performed by request.
Special testing is required.
Special themes vary throughout the year and every tour is special.
Special things happen.
Some special things happen each day at Providence.
Special thrust is given for the wells extracting water for drinking water.
Special tickets are available for the pre-dawn thirumanjanam.
Special tile is available for edge and corner treatments.
Special tiles are used for roofing, siding, flooring, ceilings, pipes, flue liners, and more.
Special time allows parents to devote all of their attention to their child.
Special time builds unity in family.
Special time is devoted to art appreciation, and history.
Special time is required to coordinate concessions and hospitality when hosting annual tournament.
Special times are also available.
Special times call for special talents.
Special times intensify grief.
Special timetable applies.
Special timetables apply for the examination periods.
Special tinder is required to ignite with the tiny spark that natural flint produces.
Special toggle switch to allow battery equalize.
Special toilets are available.
Special tools are available as well.
Special tools are available to help users with migration.
Special tools create a secure Web site to enable students to learn at a distance.
Special tools designed specifically for cutting tackless strips are also available.
Special tools help in recovery from data corruption and ensures least downtime.
Special tools Identify special tools for tile setting.
Special tools play an important role in some resource management.
Special teeth allow cutting of sinew, meat and tendons.
Special toothbrushes can improve hygiene.
Special topics are adaptive wing and winglet, heat engine, crystallography and torsional vibration.
Special topics are animal flight, synovial joints and mechanics of head injuries.
Special topics are available for students looking to pursue careers in the life sciences.
Special topics are field-oriented control of induction machines and symmetrical components.
Special topics are included.
Special topics are symmetrical components and field-oriented control of induction machines.
Special topics are virtual travel to Kingdom of Nepal, Zimbabwe, Venezuela and China.
Special topics covered include pensions and leases.
Special topics covered include regulation and benefit-cost analysis.
Special topics deserve special sections.
Special topics explore teacher attitudes and new approaches in the field.
Special topics introduced include accounting for income taxes, leases and pensions.
Special topics lecture and seminar courses are also frequently available.
Special topics require a fee.
Special Topics See description at the end of the Italian section.
Special topics survey course on mobile computing and intelligence.
Special topics vary from year to year.
Special topics vary.
Some special topics relate to electricity.
Special touch is a modified approach to the standard shower card that women are usually given.
Special touches abound.
Special Touches Use tall torches in the ground or small ones placed into potted tropical plants.
Many special touches distinguish every home.
Special tour pakages also available for Europe,Africa,Orient and South East Asia.
Special tours are also available.
Special tours are available at other times by appointment.
Special tours are available by appointment.
Special tours are available by arrangement.
Special tours are available during the rest of the week.
Special tours are available for groups.
Special tours are available for pre-booked groups.
Special tours are available for school, scout, civic, church and retirement groups.
Special tours are available for students who are blind, have low vision, or mobility impairments.
Special tours are available upon request.
Special tours are available with guided and self-guided programs.
Special tours are available.
Special tours are by appointment only.
Special tours require reservation two weeks in advance.
Special tournaments are in the works.
Special trains do special jobs.
Special trainers teach weight-lifting techniques.
Special training defines professional expertise.
Special training helps parents reinforce at home the progress made during the day.
Special training includes firearms and guard dog handling.
Special training is a pre-requisite.
Special training is available for non-working adults.
Special training is available in coagulation and transufsion medicine.
Special training is available to specific organizations based on specific requests.
Special training is conducted on class II biological safety cabinets.
Special training is given and college or Bible school is required.
Special training is given.
Special training is needed in order to organize and retrieve information.
Special training is offered to junior high, senior high, and young college-age youth.
Special training is provided and carer's get support from an Aboriginal support worker.
Special training is provided by appointment for members of our staff.
Special training is provided for all our hosting customers.
Special training is provided for volunteers who provide in-home senior companionship.
Special training is provided to all potential volunteers.
Special training is provided to teachers from schools with a high proportion of immigrant pupils.
Special training is provided.
Special training is required and hours of access are limited.
Special training is required and there are a wide variety of chairs to be concerned with.
Special training is required for arborists to prune trees when a utility line is involved.
Special training is required for correction officers in direct supervision jails.
Special training is required for handling dogs.
Special training is required for self-care or home dialysis.
Special training is required for the handling of animal waste samples.
Special training is required for the nurse placing peripherally inserted central catheters.
Special training is required for their maintenance and safe use.
Special training is required to become a disaster volunteer.
Special training is required to design valid outcomes evaluation studies and analyze the findings.
Special training is required to enter caves.
Special training is required to explore any overhead environment underwater.
Special training is required to handle some of the hazardous chemicals and to take care of disposal.
Special training is required to use the high dives safely.
Special training is required.
Special Training Make up, lighting, stage production, camera operation, mime, voice overs.
Special training occur throughtout the year across North America.
Every special training enhances the specific character of a man's capacity to work.
Some special training is required to use the device, which is provided to surgeons and radiologists.
Some special training is required.
Special tranquillity breaks to fight stress.
Special transit entails long waits and no-shows.
Special transport is available for education and recreational purpose.
Special transportation is provided for persons who are severely physically disabled.
Special transportation is provided for shopping during the week.
Special transportation is provided, if necessary.
Special trash is collected by appointment only.
Special treatment features non-toxic ingredients.
Special treatment is a time luxury.
Special treatment is available for hard resin lenses that completely blocks hazardous UV light.
Special treatment is available for specific applications.
Special treatment is available for the removal of mildew and other stains.
Special treatment is given to criminological as well as victimological theories.
Special treatment is needed there to ensure second order accuracy and stability.
Special treatment is required.
Special treatment reduces sun and chemical deterioration.
Special treatments can help decrease the nerve sensation.
Special trees require more intensive management.
Special tricks cost the most of all of the available moves.
Special tricks have to be used to get troff to treat a line that begins with a dot as real text.
Special trips are available for families, singles, and groups .
Special trucks bring the concrete to the casting bed where the pouring begins.
Special trucks pickup the containers to prevent damage to driveways and lawns.
Special trust demands special behavior.
Special tubs are in seven rooms.
Special tube is resistant to th severe gouging and cutting action of slag and slurries.
Special tutors are there to teach eye excercises for the patients.
Special type is brought in as images.
Special types are selected from the variety and are called strains.
Special uniforms exist in most forces for cycling for both PCSOs and constables.
Special uses are secondary classifications.
Special use is made of peer group discussion and other non traditional teaching techniques.
Special use is made of peer group discussion and other nontraditional teaching techniques.
Special use permits for shore excursions.
Special use requires a permit.
Special uses use authorization .
Special users are able to check if two or more accounts have been used from the same computer.
Special utensils can help people with physically-impaired arms and hands at the table.
Special utility breeds with desirable characteristics are used.
Special vacation offers and activities.
Special Vacation Offers Listed below are some great discounted and promotional vacation packages.
Special value is placed on the ability to clearly and concisely communicate complex technical ideas.
Special values can include such things as 'catalog control' or 'non-expiring'.
Special valves allow the nitrogen to be vented at the appropriate rate.
Special valves made into the suits permit the divers to relieve themselves.
Special vans are also available.
Many special variables are largely unused, irrelevant today or deprecated.
Some special variables have predefinedmeanings for use with implicit rules.
Special variations are available on request.
Special vehicles can carry wheelchairs.
Special venues are available for weddings, board meetings, education, and other special events.
Special verses change with the seasons in our lives.
Special versions are available for other frequency ranges.
Special versions are available on request.
Special vessels cruise over the beds, harvesting the upper four feet of the plant.
Special views provide information about analogous and binary data.
Special viewer is required.
Special viewers are available to examine the records.
Special visitors are many.
Special vocabularies match areas of professional expertise.
Special voltages are available upon request.
Special voltages are available.
Special volunteers serve as friendly visitors to our more socially isolated clients.
Special waivers are irrevocable.
Special walkways keep their boots off the potentially contaminated earth.
Special warnings apply.
Special warranties can cause more direct manufacturer involvement in the installation process.
Special waste includes such things as fly ash, sewage sludge, asbestos, and biomedical waste.
Special waste needs to be managed and disposed of properly to protect our environment.
Special wastes can cause significant health and environmental impacts when managed inadequately.
Special wastes vary from paint strippers to cleaning solvents and acids.
Special waxes are available, including fluorescent and glow in the dark.
Special ways have to be devised for overcoming their desire to swing round flower-side down.
Special weapons appear periodically throughout the tunnels.
Special weave allows for air to cool and and style that's unforgetable.
Special weeks emphasizing activities for children are schedule during school vacation periods.
Special weekend breaks available.
Some special weekends require prepayment in full.
Special weights are available to keep tightly bound books open.
Special wheels allow it to tip back.
Special widths are available in both the aluminum and expanded metal ramps.
Special widths are available in both the aluminum portable and expanded metal portable ramps.
Special widths are available on request.
Special wines are available upon request.
Special Winter Needs Bring trail food on ALL hikes.
Special wishes are always possible.
Special women come in all shapes and sizes and from many different backgrounds.
Special work is needed for a directory with the secure flag enabled.
Special workshops are available for leaders as well.
Special workshops explain proper sling use and rigging safety.
Special workshops occur from time to time.
Special workshops precede each major holiday to prepare members for their own celebrations.
Special workshops related to parenting are available as needed once or twice a year.
Special workshops require additional supplies that can be arranged for in advance.
Special workshops take place throughout the weekend.
A special is an offer
Specials account for about a third of the entree sales.
Specials apply for our highlands course as well.
Specials apply to U.S. market only.
Specials are almost always great.
Specials are also available with most of our assortments.
Specials are always available.
Specials are always compelling.
Specials are always fresh and tasty.
Specials are always fun.
Specials are always noteworthy.
Specials are an everyday event.
Specials are applicable to new bookings only.
Specials are available during non-peak times, call for details.
Specials are available on certain products.
Specials are available online.
Specials are available upon request.
Specials are available with thermowell exiting back of heater.
Specials are available.
Specials are Available.
Specials are bands.
Specials are chapel, music, and Spanish.
Specials are chapel, music, Spanish, and computers.
Specials are classes taught by teachers with expertice in a specific field.
Specials are considerd fasteners of non standard dimension, shape, and or material.
Specials are dishs.
Specials are for the day indicated only.
Specials are good on NEW bookings only and only at time of booking .
Specials are good while supplies last according to the list.
Specials are great too.
Specials are impressive.
Specials are in limited quantities.
Specials are lobster bisque with hint of garlic and lobster bake with hint of garlic.
Specials are no problem.
Specials are non-refundable.
Specials are offers.
Specials are often more elaborate, and sometimes overambitious.
Specials are old-fashioned sourdough bread and chocolate chip cookies.
Specials are on only while quantities last.
Specials are only applicable to sales items as indicated.
Specials are only available for as long as they are posted here on our web site.
Specials are pumpkin, lobster and callaloo soups, veal, chicken, steak, burgers and pizza.
Specials are subject to availability.
Specials are subject to change without notice.
Specials are subject to change without prior notice.
Specials are television programs.
Specials are usually available.
Specials barely nudecom avis butt pregnancy foxy foxy diana nudecom drinking celeb nudecom.
Specials Buy a gift.
Specials Call or email to receive our catalog of products.
Specials can come up very quickly that last a limited amount of time.
Specials can end without prior notice at any time.
Specials can tip the balance in a close battle but raw strength is needed to hang on.
Specials change daily.
Specials change every other week.
Specials change frequently so visit often.
Specials change frequently, and sometimes shipping is free.
Specials change from time to time and are subject to change without notice.
Specials change monthly.
Specials change nightly and include vegetarian choices.
Specials change nightly.
Specials change often and are only valid for short periods of time.
Specials change often, making the menu always interesting.
Specials change often.
Specials change regularly.
Specials change usually weekly.
Specials change weekly and are only available for a limited time.
Specials Check back for online specials coming soon.
Specials Check out current and future product promotion and bundling.
Specials Click above logo to go to manufacturer's cite.
Specials Click above logo to go to the manufacturer's homepage.
Specials crop up here and there about various new computer or Internet technologies.
Specials deserve consideration.
Specials emphasize seafood, from imported Dover sole to local rockfish.
Specials generally preempt regularly scheduled programs.
Specials go with the day.
Specials have limited availability.
Specials including airfares are for departures out of Chicago, Minneapolis, and Detroit.
Specials is freeware.
Specials keep the spark alive.
Specials listed are typically 'while stocks last'.
Specials Live music in some bars in the centro hist rico.
Specials offer our best deals.
Specials offers run throughout each semester, and during the summer months.
Specials pay in full at time of reservation and are subject to srtict cancellation fees.
Specials provide a vital link to the communities in which they serve.
Specials range from tacos to prime rib.
Specials Refer a friend to bluebuzz and get a free month of service.
Specials run a little more.
Specials run daily and the fare is traditional New Orleans.
Specials run frequently and three-day stays are available.
Specials seem quite a bargain.
Specials Take a look at some of the best specials in the industry.
Specials Take advantage of our monthly special offers.
Specials Take the guesswork out of gift-giving.
Specials take the place of regular programming normally scheduled for that time slot.
Specials There are currently no specials.
Specials -There are only a few left, scattered thorough out the inventory pages.
Specials vary by location.
Specials vary from week to week.
Specials vary with the season and dates of travel.
Specials View our closeout items and specials.
Specials Visit our purchasing section to find great deals on calculators and accessories.
Specials Welcome . .
Specials Welcome to our monthly 'specials'.
Specials usually have more noise than original movies.
All specials are activity-based.
All specials are for seven days or more charters.
All specials are in limited quantities.
All specials are in stock.
All specials are limited to available stock.
All specials are limited to stock on hand.
All specials are per person based on double occupancy.
All specials are subject to availability only.
All specials are subject to availability, exclude holidays and special events.
All specials are subject to availability.
All specials are time-sensitive and supplies are limited.
All specials come with choice of soup or salad and Italian rolls.
All specials exclude holiday weeks, special events and are based on availability.
All specials feature NO down payment and NO security deposit.
All specials limit one unless otherwise noted.
All specials provide excellent value.
All specials published here are at time of writing.
All specials refer to double occupancy.
Many specials sell out within just hours of listing.
More specials await at stops further down the line.
More Specials Get a free coffee mug with every order.
Most specials consist of fresh seafood.
Some specials are available - click here for more information.
Some specials are available in children's portions.
A specialisation is a career
Specialisation can restrict choice.
Specialisation has two possible purposes.
Specialisation here means that only one payment medium is employed to buy a good.
Specialisation is avoided giving similar importance to each different area studied.
Specialisation is common.
Specialisation is encouraged as it leads to greater expertise.
Specialisation is for insects .
Specialisation is for insects.
Specialisation is for later.
Specialisation is more important now than it has ever been.
Specialisation is now the name of the game.
Specialisation is one way to achieve growth and prosperity.
Specialisation is possible.
Specialisation is provided by optional modules and a major research project.
Specialisation is vital today to maintain expertise.
Specialisation is where it's at, and everyone knows it.
Specialisation normally requires additional study and a further two years of supervised training.
Specialisation occurs in the final year through optional course units.
Specialisation results from a combination of aptitude, interest and training.
Some specialisation is usually possible in the final year.
Specialised assistance is available from other studios.
Specialised clinics exist for venous ulceration and separately for arterial disease.
More specialised commands are on the way.
Specialised courses cover medical microbiology and environmental microbiology.
More specialised courses cover colour and transfer lithography.
Specialised dictionaries are another good source of names.
Specialised engines concentrate on more specific data sets, such as corporate information.
Specialised equipment is available including hoists, possum unit, oxygen concentrator and iron lung.
Specialised equipment is available to help passengers with special needs to board the aircraft.
Specialised equipment is used to put patients into an anaesthetic state.
All specialised equipment is provided.
More specialised equipment is associated with each research group.
More specialised equipment is associated with each section or research group in the department.
Specialised hospitals deal with bone and joint disease, rehabilitation, and psychiatry.
More specialised information is hoped to be available in the future.
Specialised knowledge limited to one workplace is no longer sufficient.
Specialised laboratories can test if the virus is still present in a person' s blood or liver.
Specialised laboratories prepare reference materials.
Specialised products are also available to insulate existing walls.
Specialised ships are designed in a way to transport specific goods such as vehicles and machinery.
Specialised software provides assistance in assignment writing, speaking and listening.
More specialised software is used in certain option courses.
Specialised staff are available to solve computing problems and assistance.
More specialised studies vary from one university to another.
Many specialised subjects are available.
Specialised suppliers arrive.
Specialised transduction is useful for moving genes between bacterial strains.
Specialised units combat economic and financial crime.
Some specialised viruses are worth noting .
Some specialised viruses are worth noting.
Specialised work is done in order to give a self-aptitude to home life.
Specialised work is done in order to give a self-aptitude to their daily tasks.
A specialism is a career
Specialism is often necessary.
Specialism seems to be a key requirement for external legal service providers.
Specialist advice is available if required.
Specialist advice is available in the hospitals stated above.
Specialist advice is provided free when it is required.
Specialist advice is recommended on the pruning and management of commercial plantations.
Specialist advisors are available in relation to most areas of financial advice.
Specialist agents cover the territories of Japan, Taiwan, and Korea.
Specialist approval is required for prescription in New Zealand.
Specialist care is recommended for all children on medication for epilepsy.
Specialist certification is also available for cytotechnologists with experience.
Specialist clinics are available to treat the most extreme cases of severe or difficult asthma.
Specialist clinics are in the best position to offer counselling.
All specialist collections strive for quality and diversity.
Specialist commanders go hard on crime and corruption.
Some specialist consultancies are more likely to ask for a CV to be submitted.
Specialist consultations are routine in modern pathology.
Specialist courses are available for students with learning difficulties and disabilities.
Specialist courses focus on measurement and preparation of estimates.
Specialist courses refer to various advanced theory programmes offered mainly at master level.
Some specialist courses offer postgraduate qualifications.
Specialist dictionaries are of course also useful.
Specialist diplomas require the completion of at least three subjects from the specialist area.
Specialist equipment is available, please contact reception for further details and a price list.
Specialist equipment is generally satisfactory for present course needs in quality and amount.
Specialist equipment is provided.
Specialist equipment used for teaching is demonstrated.
All specialist equipment is included in the price, ice axes, crampons, harness and helmet.
Specialist experience is available for salvage transfers.
Specialist firms distribute the activity to balance the workload for each specialist.
Specialist groups are copepods and to a lesser extent, decapods and mysids.
Specialist groups perform in public every year.
Specialist grouts are pumpable, non-shrink and suitable for underwater applications or repairs.
Specialist help is also on offer to our Black and Asian students.
Specialist herbivores feed on plants.
Most specialist herbivores feed on plants.
Specialist information is also available for lawyers, consumers, and students.
Specialist information is available to researchers during weekday business hours.
Specialist instruction is also available in piano, violin, voice, and advanced composition.
Specialist jargon is avoided or explained.
Specialist knowledge is disseminated through seminars, conferences and publications.
Specialist knowledge is required in many fields.
Specialist knowledge is useful for scientific, technical or educational publishing.
Specialist literature contains a multitude of modifications for the Lowry assay.
Specialist mattresses are a real problem right now.
Specialist modules cover stress analysis, dynamics and energy technology.
Specialist notaries undertake all notarial work.
Specialist nurses care for patients with specific illnesses and physical disabilities.
Specialist nursery offers an opportunity to purchase beautiful plants at a realistic price.
Specialist operators offer tours specifically tailored to the demands of the ornithologist.
Specialist physicians find sources.
Specialist physicians perform surgery.
Most specialist physicians find sources.
Most specialist physicians perform surgery.
Specialist physiotherapy can be of benefit for some sufferers if the symptoms persist.
Specialist programs are available for solid metal discs and contaminated land samples.
Specialist programs exist in drama, dance and music.
Specialist registration is in turn necessary for appointment to a consultant post.
Specialist reporters produce stories for each section.
Specialist rooms offer a wide range of facilities for both individual and group work.
Specialist schemes are available for drugs of abuse testing in urine and for hair analysis.
Specialist schools are non-selective comprehensive schools.
Specialist schools are the quickest to improve .
Specialist schools benefit from being special.
Specialist schools can select only a tenth of their intake.
All specialist schools have to devote a third of their annual grant to their community role.
Specialist services are available to family history researchers and to native title researchers .
Specialist shoes are available from specialist hockey suppliers.
Specialist shops sell candle wax and molds together with wicks, perfumes, and other equipment.
Specialist shops sell candle wax and moulds together with wicks, perfumes, and other equipment.
More specialist shops are joining all the time, so please keep coming back to see up-dates.
Specialist software includes medical dictionaries and health databases.
Specialist software is also very expensive .
Specialist software is also very expensive.
Specialist software is installed on the computer and used for dialling a videoconference.
Specialist species are animals that require very unique resources .
Some specialist species live in a combination of extreme conditions.
Specialist staff are able to offer a range of advice on research matters and the care of documents.
Specialist staff are also available to give guidance.
Specialist staff are available for help with dyslexia, hearing or sight problems.
Specialist staff can understand and live with dementia patients.
Specialist staff teach and support students with learning difficulties and disabilities.
Specialist studies can begin after obtaining a specialization post.
Specialist supervision is provided on scheduled days.
Specialist support is available for employees with disabilities.
Specialist tanneries involved in the manufacture of craft bookbinding leathers certainly do care.
Specialist teachers are available for music, art and physical education classes.
Specialist teachers are available for piano, violin, clarrinette,flute and trumpet.
Specialist teachers are crucial to supporting a policy of integration.
Specialist teachers have certification in their area of expertise.
Specialist teachers have common planning times.
Specialist teachers provide instruction in art, music, physical education, and library skills.
Specialist time is the classroom teacher's planning time.
Specialist training is provided in age-appropriate subjects.
Specialist tuition results in the rapid rebuilding of self-esteem.
Specialist tutors give group lessons at three different levels and lead ensemble practice.
Specialist tutors help visitors discover the Scottish countryside.
Specialist units are independent companies in corporate or partnership structures.
Specialist units deal with domestic violence, young offenders and racial incidents.
Many specialist volumes are limited editions and of considerable value to researchers world wide.
Specialist websites face a special challenge in selling their products and services.
Specialist work requiring both skills exists now and is likely to become more common.
A specialist is an expert
Specialist are available to help members find church resources.
Specialist carry out space related themes in their classes.
Specialist is dyes and synthetic resins.
Specialist is responsible for equipment pick up.
Specialist isa expert.
Specialist receives and responds to education questions via electronic mail.
Specialist serves as facilitator of the learning process.
Specialist works with county agents in conducting county programs on horse care and training.
Specialists accept speaking engagements.
Specialists actively participate in community boards and councils.
Specialists actively participate on community boards and councils.
Specialists address the pharmaceutical care of patients with cancer.
Specialists address the pharmaceutical care of patients with psychiatric disorders.
Specialists advance to information technology positions.
Specialists advance to positions.
Specialists advise callers on treatment options in English or in Spanish.
Specialists also act as a liaison with faculty and staff on an as needed basis.
Specialists also are available to meet with special groups.
Specialists also check the family background to see if other family members have the disorder.
Specialists also conduct physical security surveys.
Specialists also consider any associated diseases.
Specialists also deal with posttraumatic headache and disease-related headache.
Specialists also have the ability to 'cluster' related materials of considerable complexity.
Specialists also inspect ice conditions while on board icebreakers.
Specialists also make an immediate response to complaints against the center.
Specialists also provide additional information and advice on financial aid and scholarships.
Specialists also provide podiatry, cardiology, dermatology and dental services to Camillus patients.
Specialists also work with farmers and homemakers.
Specialists also work with the disabled in clinical, residential and community settings.
Specialists also write and debug programs and develop database skills.
Specialists are a last resort.
Specialists are a trend here to stay.
Specialists are accustomed to focus on the tiniest technical detail of a device.
Specialists are always available to assist with enquiries from both UK and overseas buyers.
Specialists are art, gym, and music for our children.
Specialists are available around the clock for consultation with referring physicians.
Specialists are available by referral.
Specialists are available for consultation at all times.
Specialists are available for each geographic location and each real estate domain.
Specialists are available for trip planning assistance within King County.
Specialists are available in Albuquerque, and cases requiring their care are referred there.
Specialists are available in all clinical field of dentistry.
Specialists are available in almost all branches of medicine.
Specialists are available in cosmetic surgery, traumatic injury and maxillofacial reconstruction.
Specialists are available in each of the sections for assistance.
Specialists are available in Morristown and Knoxville.
Specialists are available to assist farmers in developing a financial plan for their operation.
Specialists are available to assist with safety classes, inspections, and recommendations.
Specialists are available to consult patients with common as well as more complex problems.
Specialists are available to consult with all parents.
Specialists are available to give advice on various methods that can be used to prevent corrosion.
Specialists are available to mentor students in specific areas as they develop their projects.
Specialists are available to perform minor procedures at the facilities.
Specialists are available to serve children, adolescents and seniors.
Specialists are available to test children's auditory and visual processing skills.
Specialists are available to work with international students.
Specialists are available when needed.
Specialists are aware of how their concentration interrelates to the other areas.
Specialists are based in eight different regions of Texas.
Specialists are capable of delivering organized compassionate care.
Specialists are doctors.
Specialists are engaged to teach art, music, and physical education.
Specialists are experts.
Specialists are films.
Specialists are free to create documents as needed for electronic access.
Specialists are in charge of a department within a hospital or nursing home.
Specialists are in high demand with opportunities for advancement.
Specialists are interested in diseases originating in their area of specialty.
Specialists are located in conferences.
Specialists are more efficient.
Specialists are more likely to use practice management services than general dentists.
Specialists are more vulnerable than generalists.
Specialists are most likely to be helped by the revised guidelines.
Specialists are much more likely to know about the most recent outbreaks, risks, and treatments.
Specialists are naturally the best.
Specialists are obviously so important to the patient population.
Specialists are on call round the clock for more complicated malfunctions.
Specialists are on individual contracts in both areas.
Specialists are organisms that are well adapted to a particular type of habitat.
Specialists are physicians with expertise in specific areas of medical practice.
Specialists are quick to emphasize protection features.
Specialists are rare now.
Specialists are responsible for the cost of medicine.
Specialists are responsible for the data in the various instrument families.
Specialists are the coral-insects that build up a reef.
Specialists are the point of contact between brokers with buy and sell orders.
Specialists are typically investment or insurance brokers or small business reps.
Specialists are users who are willing to share knowledge of their local community.
Specialists are usually more expensive but they also have had more practice completing root canals.
Specialists are welcome to send comments on identifications.
Specialists are where the action is, they know what is going on by being there.
Specialists attend foreign language courses in libraries.
Specialists attend technical projects meetings and field visits.
Specialists become generalists, thereby leveraging their valuable specialized knowledge.
Specialists believe foreign refrigerators are making their third attack on the China market.
Specialists believe orders to avoid pushing further came from above.
Specialists bring techniques.
Specialists call the result a transgenic plant or animal.
Specialists can also benefit.
Specialists can also observe lupus through exercise tolerance tests.
Specialists can also provide presentations on request.
Specialists can also remotely direct general physicians in the treatment of patients so presented.
Specialists can also run private specialist-praxis.
Specialists can determine the date when a particular type of paper was introduced.
Specialists can do the onerous work of getting regulatory permissions.
Specialists can increase their chance of advancement by completing voluntary certification programs.
Specialists can participate in more than one hospital network.
Specialists can post their areas of expertise.
Specialists can provide a high-level of consultative support to such individuals.
Specialists can recover data that has been deleted, encrypted, or damaged.
Specialists can search, filter and retrieve relevant information from large databases.
Specialists can sometimes lead couples to conception through simple consultation.
Specialists can teach any or all of the segments.
Specialists care etc.
Specialists carry out field observations.
Specialists carry out observations.
Specialists certainly do cost a bunch.
Specialists collaborate with the classroom teachers to ensure curriculum alignment.
Specialists comment during the live operations.
Specialists concede that some of the concerns voiced by lawyers and litigants are valid.
Specialists concentrate on a particular industry or area of expertise.
Specialists conduct examinations.
Specialists conduct programs to improve rural communities' ability to thrive economically.
Specialists conduct screenings and coordinate goals of individual children into the program.
Specialists conduct the sale using proven methods.
Specialists conduct trading in equities across a range of industries.
Specialists conduct workshops, give lectures, and carry out consultations and master classes.
Specialists conduct workshops, lectures or events based on an area of expertise.
Specialists consider an individual's background, mobility, needs for accommodation.
Specialists continue education.
Specialists cover every shift to provide the best assistance for customers.
Specialists critique each undertaking.
Specialists deal with problems.
Specialists deal with psychological problems.
Specialists deliver short addresses on one topic or related topics.
Specialists determine infertility treatment options.
Specialists determine options.
Specialists die insurability a, rise, at amounts.
Specialists disagree on the matter.
Specialists discuss chances.
Specialists discuss important works from their fields.
Specialists do assessments and write recommendations.
Specialists do exceedingly well in a few circumstances.
Specialists do tasks.
Specialists educate police officers on crime prevention issues through three programs.
Specialists enrich the program with daily art projects, music and sports.
Specialists explain approaches.
Specialists explain different approaches.
Specialists find it hard to keep up personally with developments in their own fields.
Specialists focus on the eyes, skin, surgery, internal organs, leg problems and more.
Specialists focus on what they are good at.
Specialists generally earn considerably more than general practitioners.
Specialists generally earn more than general practitioners.
Specialists have (part) arms.
Specialists have (part) body substances.
Specialists have (part) cell membranes.
Specialists have (part) cells.
Specialists have (part) corpi.
Specialists have (part) cytoplasm.
Specialists have (part) heads.
Specialists have (part) human bodies.
Specialists have (part) legs.
Specialists have (part) material bodies.
Specialists have (part) necks.
Specialists have (part) nuclei.
Specialists have (part) personality.
Specialists have (part) plasma membranes.
Specialists have (part) sections.
Specialists have (part) vacuoles.
Specialists have a range of commitments and concurrent activities.
Specialists have at least one year of experience teaching their speciality with children.
Specialists have backgrounds.
Specialists have certain responsibilities.
Specialists have control of very small areas of temporal, geographical, and topical material.
Specialists have different backgrounds.
Specialists have education.
Specialists have experience.
Specialists have jobs.
Specialists have more time available.
Specialists have real concerns of being made obsolete.
Specialists have relatively higher salaries at graduation, but their skills quickly get superceded.
Specialists have schedules.
Specialists have tasks.
Specialists have the little black book that shows the location and size of all stop orders.
Specialists have the required level for their position.
Specialists help employees.
Specialists help match buyers and sellers, but shares are always sold to the highest bidder.
Specialists help organizations.
Specialists help patients learn to manage routine tasks and adapt to specific health conditions.
Specialists help problems.
Specialists hold that the crash has been caused by technical disrepair of the helicopter.
Specialists identify causes.
Specialists indicate that repair is needed.
Specialists ion industrial glassware, lighting glassware, surgical glass.
Specialists is e-business websites.
Specialists judge the site's design, and computers test performance time.
Specialists know about a specific subject such as Serology.
Specialists lead the groups of children with the assistance of the group counselors.
Specialists listen, provide information, and help resolve problems and plan for the future.
Specialists make determination.
Specialists make recommendations to civil servants, who in turn advise publicly elected officials.
Specialists make the big bucks.
Specialists match buy and sell orders.
Specialists mean well when they make treatment recommendations.
Specialists Meet our specialists and learn about our PE , Art, Music and Spanish programs.
Specialists mull over treatments without success.
Specialists need skills.
Specialists need speak skills.
Specialists need strong speak skills.
Specialists obtain and sharpen their skills by working on cutting-edge issues.
Specialists occasionally visit project sites.
Specialists offer counseling, tutoring and psychosocial support groups.
Specialists offer options.
Specialists offer physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech and language services.
Specialists offer process or functional knowledge to clients.
Specialists participate as dealers on all odd-lot orders.
Specialists participate in the development of various non-filer discovery processes.
Specialists pay attention.
Specialists pay careful attention.
Specialists perform examinations.
Specialists perform physical examinations.
Specialists perform procedures.
Specialists perform reflexology therapy and reiki, a form of energy balancing.
Specialists perform tasks.
Specialists plan and handle the safe transfer, storage, and refueling operations.
Specialists possess knowledge.
Specialists present cases.
Specialists present cope techniques.
Specialists present research results, in lengthy articles using technical language.
Specialists present techniques.
Specialists provide accurate information.
Specialists provide background detail of personalities and history of each tour and battle site.
Specialists provide expertise and research-based knowledge for educational programs.
Specialists provide guidance and tips.
Specialists provide information to the public and to library staff.
Specialists provide information.
Specialists provide instruction in drama, dance, music and visual arts.
Specialists provide instruction in music, physical education, library and speech therapy.
Specialists provide instruction in physical education and general music.
Specialists provide more information.
Specialists provide services.
Specialists provide supervision, feedback and evaluation.
Specialists provide support, training, and, when needed, additional staff at community sites.
Specialists provide telephone support to end users, field personnel and internal departments.
Specialists rate solid waste as America's number one environmental problem.
Specialists recommend sanitizing maple equipment with approved disinfectants only.
Specialists remain specialists.
Specialists require an additional licence for their area of specialization.
Specialists reset the system to the correct time.
Specialists review the consults and provide the diagnosis and treatment.
Specialists say a child risks abnormally thin bones if hormones are given earlier.
Specialists say categorically they are against the present formula of taxation for the bingos.
Specialists say doctors often fail to diagnose hemochromatosis in time.
Specialists say proactive companies are less likely to let rumors fester.
Specialists say that it contains the largest and richest bio-diversity of the world.
Specialists say that practices, rather than beliefs, make a cult.
Specialists say the cost of employee theft and embezzlement adds up to billions of dollars annually.
Specialists say the lure of the quick and easy remains powerful.
Specialists say the point is simply to do it.
Specialists say the system prevents electoral fraud.
Specialists say there is no such thing as a safe dose, a safe amount of ecstasy.
Specialists say to expect bigger planes, larger ships, faster jets and more amenities.
Specialists schedule a series of short courses in the spring and another in the fall.
Specialists secure current data form a vast network of auditable hard data sources.
Specialists secure current data from a vast network of auditable hard data sources.
Specialists see their job as defeating death rather than preserving health.
Specialists seek to cultivate an appreciation of the different styles of music throughout the world.
Specialists seem more likely to acknowledge the advantages of some kinds of alternate care.
Specialists serve as guest panelists.
Specialists serve the community on a regular schedule for appointments.
Specialists stay for one to six week-long periods.
Specialists steal air bags to order.
Specialists still exist in the law profession, and many are still paid well.
Specialists still say there is no cause for alarm.
Specialists stress the low percentage of preventive inoculations, which results in complications.
Specialists study materials.
Specialists studying the issue say there are still more questions unanswered than answered.
Specialists suggest a figure of two million.
Specialists take care.
Specialists take great care.
Specialists take other resources.
Specialists take resources.
Specialists take 'samples' which are later analyzed in a laboratory.
Specialists talk in shorthand.
Specialists teach art, music and physical education.
Specialists teach art, music, technology and physical education.
Specialists teach defensible-space practices to homeowners and landscape professionals.
Specialists teach music, art, and physical education at all grade levels.
Specialists teach students science, art, music, Spanish, physical education, and computer science.
Specialists tend to earn more.
Specialists tend to frame the problem to fit their solutions.
Specialists tend to prepare more carefully to make best use of the medium.
Specialists then determine an individualized program of treatment.
Specialists then offer guidelines to long-term care based on their own preferences.
Specialists then plumb the data to identify customers with certain buying habits.
Specialists then upload the image to the diagnostic center's Web site for identification.
Specialists to understand environmental issues.
Specialists to understand issues.
Specialists train leaders, conduct wildlife contests, and assist in program administration.
Specialists treat ailment.
Specialists treat autoimmune diseases.
Specialists treat diseases.
Specialists treat disorder.
Specialists treat many patients.
Specialists treat patients.
Specialists treat urinary ailment.
Specialists try to fit into a system and maximize their wages.
Specialists try to use water bombers from Germany and three other countries to control the fire.
Specialists understand impact.
Specialists undertake duties.
Specialists use a variety of tests to diagnose the cause of infertility.
Specialists use methods.
Specialists use power.
Specialists use skills.
Specialists use supernatural power.
Specialists use the most advanced techniques to detect and evaluate all gastrointestinal pathology.
Specialists use X-rays to scan lumber for imperfections.
Specialists utilize techniques.
Specialists visit on a rotating schedule.
Specialists visit the clinic on a regular schedule.
Specialists visit the Island regularly from Cairns.
Specialists visit the town regularly.
Specialists Welcome to Gulf Coast Orthopaedic and Rheumatology Specialists.
Specialists Welcome to The Happy Traveller, discount and late availability holiday specialists.
Specialists work closely with the insurance claims adjuster and claimant.
Specialists work for engineer design firms.
Specialists work for firms.
Specialists work for industries.
Specialists work in countries.
Specialists work in departments.
Specialists work in fields.
Specialists work in medical offices.
Specialists work in offices.
Specialists work in universities.
Specialists work nights.
Specialists work on a repeat basis within a given industry and build up a solid client base.
Specialists work on well defined assignments that are identified by American Embassies overseas.
Specialists work with clients to develop their full potential as communicators.
Specialists work with general vets to provide excellent care for pets.
Specialists work with teams.
Specialists frequently advise or supervise graduate students on work in their fields.
Specialists often are available as resources for classes and for individual students.
Specialists often have dual appointments in research or teaching.
Specialists often offer training and workshops in their communities.
Specialists often organize events outside of the regular scheduled classes.
Specialists usually end their own interventions.
Specialists usually have advanced education and training related to their specialties.
All specialists are information management, computer science, or logistics professionals.
All specialists are welcome except sports.
All specialists become specialists in ideology.
All specialists confer with regular classroom teachers and parents.
Many specialists advise against chronic use of analgesics.
Many specialists apply a theory mainly with the purpose to construct effective algorithms.
Many specialists believe it is more efficient to learn any language at an early age.
Many specialists consider it to be the most beautiful leopard.
Many specialists do an informal assessment of the child's visual functioning on every visit.
Many specialists drop a portion into an existing program.
Many specialists enjoy using field trips or program themes that have captured the child's attention.
Many specialists have global business experiences to share.
Many specialists insist the changes only scratch the surface.
Many specialists recommend a combination of one or more treatment.
Many specialists recommend the person suffering from cluster headaches keep a journal.
Many specialists refer people with chronic pain to pain clinics for treatment.
Many specialists request payment at the time of the visit.
Many specialists think it is the latter.
Most specialists alternate travel weeks with non-travel weeks in our Anchorage headquarters.
Most specialists bring techniques.
Most specialists can only talk to thir own buddies.
Most specialists carry out field observations.
Most specialists carry out observations.
Most specialists conduct examinations.
Most specialists continue education.
Most specialists deal with problems.
Most specialists deal with psychological problems.
Most specialists determine infertility treatment options.
Most specialists determine options.
Most specialists discuss chances.
Most specialists do tasks.
Most specialists explain approaches.
Most specialists explain different approaches.
Most specialists have backgrounds.
Most specialists have different backgrounds.
Most specialists have education.
Most specialists have experience.
Most specialists have jobs.
Most specialists have master's degrees and are certified in their area of specialty.
Most specialists have schedules.
Most specialists have tasks.
Most specialists have the assistance of a resident doctor.
Most specialists help employees.
Most specialists help organizations.
Most specialists help problems.
Most specialists hold advanced degrees in the agricultural sciences.
Most specialists identify causes.
Most specialists make determination.
Most specialists offer options.
Most specialists pay attention.
Most specialists pay careful attention.
Most specialists perform examinations.
Most specialists perform physical examinations.
Most specialists perform procedures.
Most specialists perform tasks.
Most specialists possess knowledge.
Most specialists prefer to see a couple together at the first appointment.
Most specialists present cope techniques.
Most specialists provide accurate information.
Most specialists provide information.
Most specialists provide more information.
Most specialists provide services.
Most specialists recommend changing the fluid with every pad replacement.
Most specialists remain in independent medical practices.
Most specialists study materials.
Most specialists subject both partners to an infertility study.
Most specialists take care.
Most specialists take great care.
Most specialists take other resources.
Most specialists take resources.
Most specialists teach and provide services directly to students on a variety of levels.
Most specialists treat ailment.
Most specialists treat autoimmune diseases.
Most specialists treat diseases.
Most specialists treat disorder.
Most specialists treat many patients.
Most specialists treat patients.
Most specialists treat urinary ailment.
Most specialists understand impact.
Most specialists undertake duties.
Most specialists use methods.
Most specialists use power.
Most specialists use skills.
Most specialists use supernatural power.
Most specialists utilize techniques.
Most specialists work fewer hours each week than general practitioners.
Most specialists work for engineer design firms.
Most specialists work for firms.
Most specialists work for industries.
Most specialists work full time during regular business hours.
Most specialists work in countries.
Most specialists work in departments.
Most specialists work in fields.
Most specialists work in medical offices.
Most specialists work in offices.
Most specialists work in universities.
Most specialists work nights.
Most specialists work with teams.
Some specialists advocate stretching exercises.
Some specialists also offer design services.
Some specialists assist organizations.
Some specialists believe the uranium rounds are environmentally harmful.
Some specialists complete applications.
Some specialists consider starving plants in late summer, causing the formation of tubers.
Some specialists consider that unfortunate.
Some specialists do jobs.
Some specialists do surgery.
Some specialists do thorough jobs.
Some specialists follow children.
Some specialists help conditions.
Some specialists help individual patients.
Some specialists help patients.
Some specialists help physical conditions.
Some specialists help style.
Some specialists hold positions.
Some specialists instruct students in separate classes or schools.
Some specialists live in mix woodlands.
Some specialists live in suburbs.
Some specialists live in woodlands.
Some specialists make bras up to a GG fitting.
Some specialists occasionally defrost embryos at times.
Some specialists oppose that idea, however.
Some specialists play roles.
Some specialists play vital roles.
Some specialists provide tips.
Some specialists recommend fruit vegetables.
Some specialists recommend vegetables.
Some specialists say that such training reflects the lack of a solution to school violence.
Some specialists see damage.
Some specialists solve mysteries.
Some specialists spend time in direct instruction of the child at school.
Some specialists study antler deer growth.
Some specialists study antler growth.
Some specialists study growth.
Some specialists suggest that grass clippings be left on the lawn during the hot summer months.
Some specialists watch copies.
Some specialists work full time.
Some specialists work in one small area of education.
Some specialists work time.
Some specialists work with employees.
Some specialists work with families.
A speciality is a career
Specialities are Dalmatian brodet, a kind of fish broth, and pasticada, beef braised in herbs.
Specialities are fish, meat, shell-fish, game, foie gras, and lobster.
Specialities are local produce with emphasis on fish, steak, game and vegetarian.
Specialities are London and South-East.
Specialities are rural areas, park service areas, nature and also rivers.
Specialities are the regional dishes.
Specialities are wood-fired pizzas and pastas.
Specialities range from simple day case procedures to more complex surgery and acute medicine.
Speciality dives and items of a personal nature.
Speciality mixes available for all conditions.
Every speciality is here from every corner of the globe.
Many specialities exist within the profession.
Some specialities require particular background knowledge or qualifications.
Specialization according to comparative advantage minimizes opportunity costs.
Specialization allows a region to reap the benefits of comparative advantage, but has a downside.
Specialization allows for improved technician efficiencies and significant reductions in labor cost.
Specialization allows organizations to concentrate on addressing specific narrow needs.
Specialization also drives costs out of the system.
Specialization also exists in the subareas of community, law, sport, and quantitative psychology.
Specialization also has two clear advantages.
Specialization also invites oversimplification.
Specialization also works on a geographic basis - regional or international.
Specialization becomes more common.
Specialization begins in the second year of graduate study.
Specialization breeds an organization sensitive to opportunities and quick to act.
Specialization brings about interdependence.
Specialization can also occur with respect to machinery.
Specialization can be a huge advantage, but most shopping sites want it all.
Specialization can be in any of the areas of analysis, statistics or numerical analysis.
Specialization can be in ceramics, drawing, intermedia, painting, printmaking or sculpture.
Specialization can go quite deep.
Specialization can take many forms.
Specialization can work.
Specialization casts an aura of superiority and exclusivity.
Specialization certainly is an obvious characteristic to be found in both organizations.
Specialization defines a transitive relationship between object classes.
Specialization determines which of the courses in the list of recommended courses are best.
Specialization equates to a superior product for our customers.
Specialization gradually begins during the second year.
Specialization helps attract business.
Specialization hurts a woman's soul more that it does a man's.
Specialization impedes supervision and accountability.
Specialization includes mass media criticism and script writing.
Specialization includes nuclear medicine, sonography, and radiation therapy.
Specialization includes programs for sexual boundary violators and addictions.
Specialization increases product quality and depth of market saturation.
Specialization increases total output.
Specialization intensifies as students progress through the program.
Specialization involves producing a smaller set of goods and doing it more proficiently.
Specialization is a career
Specialization is a fairly recent development.
Specialization is a fine ideal.
Specialization is a key element for many employers, while versatility is highly valued by others.
Specialization is a mechanism for refining the definition of members of an object class.
Specialization is a necessity.
Specialization is a way of life in government and in private society.
Specialization is achieved by exploiting the nature of a heterogeneous team.
Specialization is achieved by selection of coursework and thesis or project topic.
Specialization is achieved through the appropriate selection of the technical electives.
Specialization is adaptation.
Specialization is always in pursuit of excellence.
Specialization is an important part of that success.
Specialization is another.
Specialization is available by selecting courses to meet specific student goals.
Specialization is available in either agricultural economics or agribusiness.
Specialization is available in medical technology, cytotechnology and toxicology.
Specialization is available in several graduate areas.
Specialization is available via distance education.
Specialization is careers.
Specialization is catheterization procedures.
Specialization is common.
Specialization is critical for future survival of the CPA profession.
Specialization is critical for the future of the CPA profession.
Specialization is critical for the future survival of the CPA profession.
Specialization is critically important especially in the area of family law.
Specialization is custom chip architectures for high throughput on unique algorithm processing.
Specialization is determined from the following list.
Specialization is developed on a foundation of exposure to all facets of business.
Specialization is done by manipulating instances rather than through subclassing.
Specialization is efficiency.
Specialization is for insects .
Specialization is for insects.
Specialization is how human operate.
Specialization is important, too.
Specialization is in horses for youth and amateur riders.
Specialization is in itself a fundamental marketing process.
Specialization is in physical metallurgy and cryogenics.
Specialization is key.
Specialization is normal in our highly-technical society.
Specialization is nothing new when it comes to doctors.
Specialization is often a sneaky form of productionlineitis .
Specialization is one of the keys to success.
Specialization is open.
Specialization is organised by specific institutions.
Specialization is our key success factor for multi-country research.
Specialization is provided through numerous upper division electives.
Specialization is the answer.
Specialization is the archenemy of the discovery of more basic knowledge.
Specialization is the base upon which modern society has been built.
Specialization is the buzzword.
Specialization is the call of the day.
Specialization is the engine that is driving most companies away from vertical integration.
Specialization is the future of the financial services industry.
Specialization is the key to our economic vitality.
Specialization is the key to providing quality work efficiently and economically.
Specialization is the key.
Specialization is the only way of directing research to look at one specific cure and improve it.
Specialization is the process of creating new categories of topics, or information types.
Specialization is the reverse.
Specialization is the source and the limit of the academic s authority.
Specialization is the wave of the future in the travel industry.
Specialization is usually far better for job seekers.
Specialization is worm gears, crossed axis helical gears and spur gears.
Specialization is worthwhile when pgm runs long, and pgm-s is significantly faster than pgm .
Specialization isa action.
Specialization knows no international boundaries.
Specialization leads to a number of positive results.
Specialization leads to increased productivity.
Specialization makes civilization possible.
Specialization makes it more difficult to integrate complicated elements into comprehensive wholes.
Specialization makes trade necessary and trade requires coordination.
Specialization marks the advancement of nursing practice.
Specialization means power.
Specialization occurs during residencies after the first four years of medical school.
Specialization occurs in individual research projects.
Specialization occurs when competing species evolve different .
Specialization occurs when people produce a narrower range of goods and services that they consume.
Specialization occurs within any trading area.
Specialization offers a road to distinction.
Specialization offers retailers an escape from ruinous price competition.
Specialization only occurs within larger departments.
Specialization only works if there is trade.
Specialization produces variant implementations.
Specialization promotes productivity.
Specialization requires additional CLE in the specialty.
Specialization requires additional personal equipment as well as more frequent training.
Specialization requires an additional two or more years of training.
Specialization requires time and energy.
Specialization takes further training.
Specialization takes place from the sixth semester.
Specialization takes places.
Specializations are also available in business, communications and global agriculture.
Specializations are available in geology, geography, oceanography, and meteorology.
Specializations are available in gifted education, computer education, art and music.
Specializations are in aeromedical evacuation, management, critical care and education.
Specializations are in the areas of fraud investigation and forensic security consulting.
Specializations are interdisciplinary and offer much flexibility in employment opportunities.
Specializations can also exist by industry.
Specializations can vary greatly within majors, and some specializations have their own web page.
Specializations differ from traditional majors, minors and concentrations.
Specializations encourage studies in new areas.
Specializations require taking three courses related to a particular field of interest.
Specialization usually opens more doors in an intellectual and practical sense.
All specializations also require the completion of a major research paper.
All specializations are welcome.
All specializations emphasize the adaptive and evolutionary bases of animal behavior.
All specializations have the same sequence for the first and second quarter.
All specializations have the same sequence of courses for the first and second quarters.
Every specialization requires a capstone research project.
More specialization means more selectivity.
Most specialization takes places.
Some specialization causes degeneration.
Some specialization is a distinct advantage in most mass communications areas.
Some specialization is encouraged in the graduate program.
Some specialization is possible by choosing appropriate electives in the third and fourth years.
Some specialization occurs, but the basics are consistent to most athletes and genders.
Some specialization requires experiments.
Some specialization requires transplant experiments.
Some specializations are available only in Pasadena.
Some specializations are databases, operating systems, compilers, networks and computer security.
Some specializations require additional languages.
Some specializations require additional training and certifications.
Some specializations require full-time, continuous registration.
Some specializations require portfolio review upon declaring a major.
Specialize financial institutions serve customers.
Specialize glands have functions.
Specialize glands have various functions.
Specialize glands play roles.
Specialize glands secrete enzymes.
Specialize habitats play important roles.
Specialize habitats play roles.
Specialize institutions serve customers.
Specialize organs play large roles.
Specialize organs play roles.
Specialize predators consume numbers.
Specialize tissue performs specific tasks.
Specialize tissue performs tasks.
Specialized accounts fulfill a variety of informational needs.
Specialized accreditation is both a process and a condition.
Specialized accreditation provides additional assurance of quality in certain fields.
Specialized activities address the individual needs of every child and family.
Specialized activities focus on basic school readiness skills.
Specialized activities reinforce work on vocabulary, structure, and composition.
Specialized agencies have difficulty crafting comprehensive solutions to complex problems.
Specialized alarms are available for the kitchen.
Specialized almanacs concentrate on specific countries or regions, or particular topic areas.
Specialized apparatus is constructed in the department shop, open to all members of the department.
Specialized applications related to particular disciplines are available in certain sites.
More specialized applications can define their own keywords.
Specialized arbitrators are the answer.
Specialized area courses permit students to develop expertise in specific areas.
More specialized assessment is required for a few learners whose special needs are more complex.
Specialized assets require unique and specialized marketing.
Specialized assistance is also available to dislocated workers and displaced homemakers .
Specialized assistance is available to employers for most areas of business.
Specialized assistance is offered in international market research and international marketing.
Specialized assistance is provided through individual career counseling.
More specialized assistance is available by appointment with the curator.
Specialized associates participate in service delivery as required.
Specialized atlases provide maps and other information related to specific fields or issues.
Specialized attention is given to every project .
Specialized attention is given to problem of testing handicapped children.
Specialized audio editing circuit creates seamless audio with no dead air.
Specialized bank is a bank which implements limited scope of banking operations.
Specialized billing is an option for some customers and they can provide training.
Specialized bristles form the eyelashes of birds that have eyelids.
Specialized business abound and there is a continued, but controlled, growth of area industry.
Specialized buttons facilitate Sorting, Printing, and Finding records.
Specialized cards manipulate and decode the DVD data and prepare the video.
Specialized care is available in the private sector often at a very high cost.
Specialized care is provided by a highly skilled home health team trained in palliative care.
Specialized care is provided during the transport and throughout the diagnostic procedure.
Specialized catalogs are another place to look.
Specialized catalogs are available by subject areas on a request basis.
Some specialized catalogs recognize even more surcharge types.
Specialized catering is available.
Specialized cells act as receptors for certain chemical compounds.
Specialized cells are more efficient than nonspecialized cells.
Specialized cells arise by differentiation from unspecialized cells.
Specialized cells can concentrate heavy metals, which are then deposited in the tunic.
Specialized cells carry out both processes.
Specialized cells help absorbed materials cross the intestinal lining into the bloodstream.
Specialized cells perform specialized functions in multicelled organisms.
Specialized cells perform specialized functions in multi-cellular organisms.
Specialized cells perform specialized functions in multicellular organisms.
Specialized cells perform specific functions in multi-cellular organisms.
Specialized cells protect the body from infectious disease.
Specialized certifications tend to yield higher salaries.
Specialized chats are available for discussion of grief issues focusing on specific types of losses.
Specialized chips minimize the number of components, which reduces the opportunities for failure.
Specialized choirs require consent of the instructor.
Specialized cities serve wider areas and certain economic activities dominate.
Specialized class helps students in career exploration, development and employment opportunities.
Specialized classes are also available upon request.
Specialized classes are available covering readings from Medieval time to present day.
Specialized classes are available with registration.
Specialized classes including watercolors, puppetry, dance and dog obedience are available.
Specialized classes teach more than just English.
Some specialized classes require additional fees.
Specialized clergy are evenly divided.
Specialized clothing increases the cost of shooting competitively.
Specialized clothing is supplied by most outdoor operators.
Specialized clubs meet at military bases, colleges and universities, churches and prisons.
Specialized collections are accessible to qualified researchers.
Specialized colleges emphasize preparation for specific careers.
Specialized commands are also available to aid in linear and non-linear structural analysis.
More specialized commands are on the way.
Specialized communication gateways allow neurons to communicate extremely rapidly.
Specialized communication skills as they apply to court systems.
Specialized companies manufacture trusses in their plants.
Specialized companies provide the equipment, instructors and organize the schedules.
Specialized computers send each packet onward, selecting the least congested path.
Specialized consultations are available for parents, educators, pediatricians, and therapists.
Specialized content enables CNAs to work in a rehabilitation environment.
Specialized cookbooks are available on trailside food and the challenges inherent in making it.
Specialized correspondence includes legal, medical and technical documents.
Specialized counseling is available for the whole family.
Specialized course work in the field of speech communication.
Specialized course work or prior experience usually determines the field of horticulture entered.
Specialized course work, including environmental law, complement the program.
Specialized courses allow students to develop their conversational skills.
Specialized courses are also available in the business, legal, and medical areas.
Specialized courses are available for advanced students.
Specialized courses are available for participants with no previous string experience.
Specialized courses are available.
Specialized courses distinguish the two tracks.
Specialized courses emphasize practical as well as theoretical understanding of park and management.
Specialized courses provide the student with a wide range of knowledge in the industry.
Many specialized courses meet individual requirements for job security and advancement.
More specialized courses are available and cover a wide range of subjects.
Specialized coursework is tailored to meet the specific requirements of individual students.
Specialized courts are more efficient and better serve the public and bar.
Specialized courts are very labor-intensive.
Specialized courts deal with administrative, labour, social, fiscal, and patent law.
Specialized courts hear cases related to administrative , labour , social, fiscal, and patent law .
Some specialized courts focus on efficiency to the detriment of justice.
Specialized customer premises equipment.
Specialized database searches There are many specialized databases on the Internet.
Specialized databases allow cyber dicks to trace people electronically based on the person's habits.
Specialized databases are also available.
Specialized databases are indexes of other stuff besides web pages.
Specialized databases are indexes that can be searched, much like the search engines.
Specialized databases exist to serve very specific interests, such as medicine, business, or law.
Many specialized databases exist.
Specialized data appears for each type of security.
Specialized design is a intelligently engineered feature demanding an intelligence to produce.
Specialized dictionaries are another good source of names.
Specialized dictionaries are available for many subject areas.
Specialized dictionaries are much like the specialized encyclopedias.
Specialized dictionaries are useful for defining terms and concepts associated with the field.
Specialized dictionaries cover topics such as law, medicine, and slang.
Specialized dictionaries identify term usage in specific fields or languages.
Specialized Dictionaries Pick a site of interest.
Specialized dictionary explains both the origins and meaning of key terms.
Specialized directories address particular fields of interest.
Specialized directories are often expensive and are frequently difficult to locate.
Specialized directories exist in almost every employment area.
Specialized directories focus on specific industries, markets, or regions.
Specialized directory features links to car tuning, parts and accessories sites.
Specialized drains are an important consideration.
Most specialized editors provide the option to edit the HTML code directly.
Specialized education begins in the first cycle.
Specialized education is required to become an appraiser.
Specialized education is the key to gaining industry-valued credentials.
Specialized emulators offer a big performance gain in functional verification.
Specialized encyclopedias can be a good place to begin.
Most specialized encyclopedias are on the web only by subscription.
Some specialized encyclopedias are in neighboring alcoves.
Some specialized encyclopedias are the online version of a printed edition.
Some specialized encyclopedias provide excellent, detailed information about biomes.
Specialized engines concentrate on more specific data sets, such as corporate information.
Specialized enrollment forms Current phone numbers etc.
Specialized entries are of any length needed to cover the subject.
Specialized equipment furnishes bedside and in-surgery fluoroscopy whenever necessary.
Specialized equipment is also available.
Specialized equipment is available for patients requiring mechanical support.
Specialized equipment is available for student use.
Specialized equipment is available in the biomedical engineering teaching and research laboratories.
Specialized equipment is in place for natural gas engine development.
Specialized equipment is listed below.
Specialized equipment is located in centralized service facilities.
Specialized equipment is necessary to accomplish traffic control duties.
Specialized equipment is needed.
Specialized equipment is required for each technique.
Specialized equipment is required to conduct the rescue.
Specialized equipment is required to ensure humaneness and personnel safety.
Specialized equipment is required to properly place the cement below the water level.
Specialized equipment is used and the experts have the knowledge necessary for control strategies.
Specialized equipment is used for continuous vacuuming and discharging.
Specialized equipment is used to check the baby's condition at all times.
Specialized equipment is used to film whales, dolphins, sharks and many other creatures.
Specialized equipment is used to film whales, dolphins, sharks, and many other creatures.
Specialized equipment perform explosive-related operations.
All specialized equipment is provided at no additional cost.
All specialized equipment is provided.
More specialized equipment is available in a variety of campus instrumentation facilities.
Some specialized equipment is designed for single patient dialysis.
Some specialized equipment is hard to supply.
Some specialized equipment is required.
Specialized evaluation includes urodynamic testing, endoscopy and imaging.
Specialized executives gain their power from control of information in the cubbyholes.
Specialized experience includes cold storage facilities, self-storage projects and truck terminals.
Specialized experience is defined as experience in budget execution, accounting or procurement.
Specialized experience is experience typically in or related to the position to be filled.
Specialized experience is experience which is typically in or related to the position to be filled .
Specialized experience is experience working on medical research studies.
Specialized experience is in or related to recreation or physical education.
Specialized experience is typically in or related to the work of the position to be filled.
Specialized experience is work which is closely related to the work of the position being filled.
Specialized experiences are available under the auspices of a research preceptor.
Specialized expertise exists in areas of treatment, evaluation, and consultation.
Specialized expertise is the democratic means of avoiding mimetic conflict.
Specialized eyes enable the shark to see in dim light.
Specialized facilities allow faculty to conduct investigations of soil, water and contaminants.
Specialized facilities are also available for the biological sciences.
Specialized facilities are available for work in many media.
Specialized facilities are available to process the exporting and importing of ores, coal and grain.
Specialized facilities provide unique capabilities.
Many specialized facilities are available for the graduate student in pharmaceutical sciences.
Specialized factors are harder to imitate and therefore more valuable.
Specialized fields grow out of broader fields, publications follow.
Specialized figures are extra.
Some specialized firefighters parachute from airplanes when necessary to reach inaccessible areas.
Specialized flooring is another specialty, including marble, natural stone and exotic woods.
Specialized forecasts aid communities and governments in flood-prone areas.
Specialized forms design e.
Specialized glands excrete salt through nostrils.
Specialized grain barges a bit less.
Specialized graphics add to the cost, but scanning a normal picture is part of the general pricing.
Specialized groups offer support from others who share similar experiences and problems.
Many specialized groups contain only five to eight students.
Specialized guides guarantee total comfort and safety.
Specialized hardware is a dead-end street if the platform tanks.
Specialized hardware is available for high-volume faxing to large groups.
Specialized hardware is used to improve the performance-cost ratio of the processors.
Some specialized hardware is needed for frame relay service.
Specialized headsets are available if required for unique applications.
Specialized hospitals perform most operations and procedures in all specialist medical fields.
Specialized hospitals treat more complicated problems.
Specialized hypermedia corpuses.
Specialized hyphae produce spores that are dispersed in a number of ways.
Specialized indexes are also available in the areas of literature and nursing.
Specialized indexes cover a well-defined subject area in academic periodicals.
Specialized industries demand specific education.
Specialized information is collected and managed for each type.
Specialized instruction is also available through a broad range of intensive course offerings.
Specialized instruction is an important component of inclusion.
Specialized instruction is available to any student needing special help.
Specialized instruction is offered in Art.
Specialized instructors can share their knowledge without costly travel.
Specialized instrumentation is located in various research and teaching laboratories.
Specialized internships are also available through some academic departments.
Specialized knowledge creates strategic and tactical advantage.
Specialized knowledge improves success.
Specialized knowledge integrated into a task becomes productive knowledge.
Specialized knowledge is an in-depth understanding in one area.
Specialized knowledge is needed to effectively represent clients in juvenile cases.
Specialized knowledge is one.
Specialized knowledge is required to implement the techniques.
Specialized knowledge transferred to in-house staff members is of the highest value.
Specialized labs vary.
Specialized laboratories focus on the diagnosis of diseases of the mitochondria.
Specialized laboratories support research in areas of particular emphasis.
Specialized language maintains a special privileged class.
Specialized languages ch.
Specialized lawyers situated in Belgium can assist in the process.
Specialized leaders exert influence on decisions related to their specific area of competency.
Many specialized libraries are also of use to folklorists depending on their research interest.
Some specialized libraries begin the conversion to virtuality gradually.
More specialized links are also available.
More specialized liquids move the bar even higher.
Specialized logic analyzes each detected boundary point and rejects questionable reads.
Specialized macrophages protect the intestines, lungs, liver and brain.
Specialized Manuals Get that certification or specific job category advice.
Specialized material is provided for each age group.
Specialized medications require special chemicals and equipment.
Specialized meditation is prayer, sitting meditation, personal discipline.
Specialized membrane bound vacuoles are essential for a cell to store nutrients in the cytoplasm.
Specialized methods take advantage of problem structure.
Specialized microphones enable the diver to respond to visitor questions.
Specialized mode drill.
Specialized mucosa covers the dorsal surface of the tongue.
Specialized music mixes for aerobic classes.
Specialized nerves exist that detect touch, heat, cold, pressure, pain and itch.
Specialized nurses trained in the care of pediatric cancer patients staff the units.
Specialized nutrition is the key.
Specialized offices deal mainly with illegal immigration and refugees.
Specialized opportunities exist for licensed mental health professionals and nurses.
Specialized organisations are available to assist persons with a mental disability.
Specialized osteocytes affect the constant modeling and remodeling of bone.
Specialized packages are also available.
Specialized periodicals can also be a good sources for translations of law on specific subjects.
Specialized pessaries can also effectively prevent urinary stress incontinence.
Specialized pessaries can also effectively relieve urinary incontinence.
Specialized phage have two possible ways of introducing genes into a recipient.
Specialized phagocytes appear in sponges, the evolutionary oldest metazoan.
Specialized phones are very expensive.
Specialized planners advise in such areas as leg trajectory, footfall selection, and body motion.
Specialized planning can accompany specialized fees.
Specialized plates are available for their use.
Specialized pollinators can save rare species.
More specialized populations are likely to respond in higher proportions.
Specialized portals unite suppliers and buyers in virtual marketplace communities.
Specialized presentations are also available on request.
Specialized printers can produce still-larger sizes.
Some specialized printers have special built in fonts.
Specialized problems imposed by mechanical production requirements are con-sidered.
Specialized programs are also available for adolescents and diabetics.
Specialized programs are available for amateur competitors.
Specialized programs are available for senior citizens and children home alone after school.
Specialized programs can be custom tailored to meet special needs.
Specialized programs exist for speech, reading, learning and emotional support.
Specialized programs exist to retrain a bladder and bowel function.
Specialized programs serving the special needs of girls are virtually nonexistent.
Specialized programs utilizing the schoolhouse are available with advanced notice.
Many specialized programs have additional admission requirements.
Some specialized programs have a different fee structure.
Specialized programming is available for persons with mental illness and chemical abuse.
Specialized programming is in place to protect the victims of domestic violence.
Specialized programming is provided to sensitize wards to the impact of crime on victims.
Specialized psychotherapy is required, for instance in the form of family therapy and group therapy.
Specialized publications can now reach a larger audience compared to paper media.
Specialized publications complement the print media mix.
Many specialized publications are available direct from design centers.
Specialized publishers possess the same First Amendment rights as their larger media counterparts.
Specialized races occur, particularly in Japan.
Specialized regions are possible.
Specialized regions can operate with unique enzymes and environmental conditions b.
Specialized reports focus in depth on one or two areas such as marketing research or accounting.
Specialized reports say that there are bottlenecks in the major markets of the consumer nations.
Specialized research is also available free of charge on request.
Specialized residencies are programs that provide training in a focused area of pharmacy practice.
Specialized resources are available for teachers and school groups.
Specialized resources including books, articles and videos are available for loan at no charge.
Specialized scanners make the job much easier.
Specialized scent scales on the forewings of some skippers and hairstreaks.
Specialized Sculptures are always available upon request.
Specialized search is a diverse recruiting firm.
Specialized searches are available for bibliographies, contributors, or anniversaries and locations.
Specialized sections cover health, finances, technology, relationships, hobbies, and current news.
Specialized senses are adaptations that help animals find food and avoid predation.
Specialized servers are servers with single or very specific functions.
Specialized services are also available for crisis management as needed.
Specialized services are also available on a contract basis.
Specialized services are also available.
Specialized services are available by prior arrangement.
Specialized services are available for students with disabilities .
Specialized services are available on a cost recovery basis.
Specialized services are available through our online applications .
Specialized services are available to women, seniors and children.
Specialized services come with a price tag as small or large as the item in question.
Specialized services exist for media , music and maps .
Many specialized services are also available.
Specialized sites concentrate on resources dealing with narrow topics.
Specialized sites have more effective searches and allow employers to reach a targeted audience.
Specialized sites offer even more in-depth information for advanced investors.
More specialized sites can provide focused searching.
Specialized skeletons define area boundaries.
Specialized skill is more important than time on the job.
Specialized skills are particularly important.
Specialized skills can command high rates if the market is large enough and if there is enough work.
Specialized skills continue to demand a high premium.
Some specialized skills are clearly more appropriate to acquire from outside contractors.
Specialized software allows the unit to be easily programmed from the front keypad.
Specialized software can increase efficiency and reduce frustration.
Specialized software is also a large part of our business.
Specialized software is available on computers in the general clusters and departmental facilities.
Specialized software is available that can monitor what employees are doing with their PCs.
Specialized software is available to track materials through the entire process.
Specialized software is available which can be used to transfer printed material onto audiotape.
Specialized software is employed so information can be shared among the connected computers.
Specialized software is required for facilities or agencies providing multiple services.
Specialized software is used for analysis and report writing.
Specialized software is used to graph and manage the data.
Specialized software offers additional support to students in their areas of study.
Specialized software used by some academic divisions is supported by their own instructors.
Specialized sources are available that give operating ratios and similar financial data.
Specialized sources Indicate the specific rather than general sources.
Many specialized sources are available through the Dialog service.
Many specialized sources are available to help with research.
More specialized sources focus on a particular field, time period or ethnic group.
Specialized staff are to be set up in welfare offices.
Specialized staff serve clients in a secured environment.
Specialized stations play jazz, country music, classical music or even classic rock and roll.
More specialized statistics are also available.
Specialized structures allow animals to eat a variety of foods.
Specialized structures develop as the embryo matures.
Specialized structures perform specific functions.
More specialized study follows with the thesis research.
Specialized subsidiaries offer collective investments, insurance, and leasing.
Specialized suffixes yield even higher prices.
Specialized support is provided for conformance testing, performance testing, and server emulation.
Specialized support is provided for disabled students.
Some specialized tackle is needed to pursue muskies.
Specialized teaching is also available.
Specialized teams develop technically and technologically rounded sales programs.
Specialized technicians are responsible for installing all of the upgraded and armored components.
Specialized technicians insure that the studios are always properly maintained.
Specialized techniques are available in toxicology, serology, anthropology and other disciplines.
Specialized technology is available to provide visual feedback and comparative data.
Specialized technology lets a customer enter an account number and request an agent.
Many specialized temps receive much higher wages, but a large number fill entry-level jobs.
Specialized terminals provide positive and negative external contact surfaces.
Specialized terminology can lend precision, but it also limits accessibility to outsiders.
Specialized terminology has to be learned and used accurately.
Specialized tests are also available to assess the health and condition of the baby.
Specialized tests are extra.
Specialized tests measure specific skills.
More specialized tests are available utilizing off campus resources.
Specialized testing is available upon request.
Specialized testing is recommended only in cases that warrant further evaluation.
Specialized theories view consciousness as arising from dedicated machinery.
Specialized theories view consiousness as arising from dedicated machinery.
Specialized therapy includes physical therapy, occupational therapy and speech therapy.
Specialized tissues can develop by cell differentiation in multicellular organisms.
Specialized tools create map regions of various shapes.
Specialized tools exist for efficiently generating traces.
Specialized tools make financing exports faster and easier than ever.
Many specialized tools are available.
Some specialized tools analyze individuals' online behavior in pursuit of personalization.
Specialized teeth match different eating habits.
Specialized topic related to the history or thought of Japanese religions is selected by instructor.
Specialized topics provide an in-depth structure for further study.
Specialized training can quickly become obsolete, so it is essential that training be generalizable.
Specialized training includes church consultation, pastoral counseling, and spiritual direction.
Specialized training involves the designing of special skill courses to meet specific objectives.
Specialized training is also available at technical and vocational schools and community colleges.
Specialized training is also available upon request.
Specialized training is available at other institutions.
Specialized training is available by appointment.
Specialized training is available for businesses and schools.
Specialized training is available for professional groups.
Specialized training is available.
Specialized training is given on how to use such devices in the person's home, school, and work.
Specialized training is held quartley.
Specialized training is needed for emergency nurses.
Specialized training is offered in behavioral therapy, stress management and expressive therapies.
Specialized training is offered in laboratory management and computer applications.
Specialized training is one reason.
Specialized training is provided in acting, dance and voice.
Specialized training is provided in methods of analytical research in urban studies.
Specialized training is provided in three different areas of concentration or tracks.
Specialized training is provided in vocal techniques and pedagogy, diction and secondary methods.
Specialized training is provided to build necessary skills.
Specialized training is recommended before using any of the atypical means of transportation.
Specialized training is required for users.
Specialized training is required in each work area.
Specialized training is required to meet the needs of children in therapeutic foster care.
Specialized training is required.
Specialized training prepares workers for getting and keeping competitive jobs.
Specialized training varies with subject, from one to four weeks.
Any specialized training requires absolute obedience, excellent scent discrimination.
Specialized transportation requires specialized equipment and special people.
Specialized traps are available at most hardware stores.
Specialized treatment is also available for motor vehicle accident claimants.
Specialized treatment is available at the latter.
Specialized treatment is available in the many university hospitals in Chicago.
Specialized treatment is offered for disruptive behavior disorders and childhood anxiety disorders.
Specialized treatment is provided in all subspecialties.
Specialized treatment is provided in many areas.
Specialized treatment reduces mortality.
Specialized trucking involves operating trucks that handle unusual, oversized, or sensitive loads.
Specialized units are available for otolaryngology, neurosurgery, eye surgery, colonic work, etc.
Specialized units can operate as stations under the responsibility of the approved body.
Specialized units try to track people down, regular officers just let the case sit.
Specialized urns can cost even more.
Specialized uses are possible.
Specialized users are sophisticated users writing special database application programs.
Specialized vehicles are necessary in some areas.
Specialized versions are also available for Europe, Africa and Asia.
Specialized versions are available to realtors and educators.
Specialized versions are available.
Specialized vocabularies are available as additional modules.
Specialized vocabulary is introduced.
Specialized vocabulary is much more meaningful if it is introduced in an appropriate context.
Specialized wheelchairs can be helpful in getting around on rough terrain.
Specialized widgets can keep track of a user's navigation path or display a user's bookmarks.
Specialized word portraits custom created for special occasions.
Specialized work is available in environmental law, international law and public interest.
Specialized work is tailored for the actor, the designer, the technologist, and the playwright.
Specialized works describe immigration policy, early settlement concerns and a host of other issues.
More specialized work is done centrally.
Specialized workshops are available to seniors and caregivers for seniors.
Specialized workshops are available.
Specializied charts are available for a fee.
Speciall point is freedom and internet.
Specials Students attend specials every week.
Specialty catalogs are probably the best source of information on culture and hardiness information.
Specialty catalogs cater to gardeners with specific interests or growing conditions.
Specialty chemicals are chemicals.
Specialty chemicals are more nebulous.
Specialty chemicals are searchable by trade name, generic name, application area, and industry.
Specialty chemicals depend more on the product.
Specialty chemicals is a segment presently witnessing a demand spurt in Thailand.
Specialty chemicals is a technology industry, and innovation sells.
Specialty coffee drinks.
Specialty coffee is always hand-picked to ensure that only ripe cherries are picked.
Specialty coffees are another hidden-calorie danger zone.
Specialty coffees are available.
Specialty coffees are like fine wine and are specific in origin.
Specialty coffees are on the rise.
Specialty coffees offer considerably more choice than commercial coffees.
All specialty coffees subject to availability.
Specialty foods are a growing part of the Canadian food industry.
Specialty foods are available for lunch and dinner.
Specialty foods carried include reindeer steaks, pickled salmon or herring, and fruit jellies.
Specialty Foods Taking a family recipe to market is difficult and the competition is stiff.
Specialty restaurants provide plenty of home cooking.
Specialty services require equipment and supplies that can be costly.
All specialty services are by appointment only.
Specialty shop offers other West Virginia gourmet foods and handmade items.
Specialty shops are also the name of the game in downtown Orlando.
Specialty shops are within easy walking distance.
Specialty shops can be costly.
Specialty shops dot our wide tree-lined city streets and country roads.
Specialty shops feature gifts imported from around the world.
Specialty shops feature gifts, collectibles, clothing and accessories.
Specialty shops feature western furnishings, clothing, and antiques.
Specialty shops give demonstrations of various crafts.
Specialty shops have it.
Specialty shops jostle with general stores for attention.
Specialty shops line the brick sidewalks with the minipark at midcourse.
Specialty shops offer gifts specific to the area.
Specialty shops offer merchandise geared more toward performance than price.
Specialty shops provide shopping opportunities for every age.
Specialty shops sell home accessories, art, antiques, jewelry, and clothing.
Specialty shops tend to change ownership and even merchandising direction.
Many specialty shops fly in fresh or frozen foods on demand.
Some specialty shops benefit by the prom business.
Some specialty shops offer chances.
Specialty shows are in orange .
Specialty shows are more niche oriented.
A specialty store is a store
Specialty stores are shops.
Specialty stores carry foods from around the world.
Specialty stores cover everything from gourmet cooking accessories to CDs.
Specialty stores cover everything from gourmet cooking accessories to compact discs.
Specialty stores featuring locally made arts and crafts prevail in the county.
Specialty stores have few inventories.
Specialty stores offer collectibles, gift items, baskets, lamps, frames, prints and knick-knacks.
Specialty stores offer the finest in arts and crafts, music, jewelry, and books.
Specialty stores range from fabric and craft stores to electronics, food, and entertainment.
Specialty stores welcome.
Many specialty stores have a return policy that allows customers to wear their new shoes to the gym.
Some specialty stores sell lobelia acetracts, which are made using vinegar instead of alcohol.
Some specialty stores sell only chile products.
A specialty is an asset
Specialties also come with sherbet for dessert.
Specialties also have some limitations.
Specialties are Alaskan rock shrimp pasta, smokehouse chicken and smoked salmon caesar salad.
Specialties are always available on request.
Specialties are artificial intelligence and automatic applications generation.
Specialties are assessment and selection, team-building and training.
Specialties are available in conjunction with beach dives, daytrips or liveaboard cruises.
Specialties are baby back ribs and frog legs served in an intimate, informal atmosphere.
Specialties are carne sol and seafood.
Specialties are chamber music and vocal music.
Specialties are classical and ethnic cuisine, custom menus.
Specialties are classroom management and curriculum.
Specialties are cod fish cakes, homemade beans and exceptional desserts.
Specialties are completely white crystals, which show up at different places.
Specialties are computer-related terms, and editing or localizing Web pages.
Specialties are country, polka, and southern gospel music.
Specialties are Danish aebleskivers, heart-shaped waffles and strawberry french toast.
Specialties are documentaries, scripted dramatizations and spots.
Specialties are early childhood education and children's literature.
Specialties are educational leadership, law and finance.
Specialties are educational policy development and law.
Specialties are educational psychology and human relations skills.
Specialties are entree salads, seafood and grilled lamb.
Specialties are finger foods such as a hefty hamburger, fries, mushrooms, cheese sticks, etc.
Specialties are fish and reindeer.
Specialties are foods prepared at the table from the gas cooking cart.
Specialties are fresh seafood and Caribbean fare.
Specialties are fricassee of chicken, sea bass with mint and trout with sweet herbs.
Specialties are fricassee of frogs' legs, sea bass with mint and trout with sweet herbs.
Specialties are genealogy, German script, legal documents, music and the arts, religion and history.
Specialties are humanities education and educational leadership.
Specialties are in DNA analysis and ballistics identification.
Specialties are Internet, customer loyalty and benchmarks.
Specialties are language arts and research.
Specialties are law, business, advertising, and the construction industry.
Specialties are lobster stew and duck.
Specialties are magazines and catalogs, web press or sheetfed.
Specialties are math and science education.
Specialties are meat, meat, and more meat.
Specialties are pasta and fresh fish.
Specialties are philosophy of education and religion.
Specialties are pizza, pastas, Italian sandwiches, scampi, chicken parmesan and daily specials.
Specialties are pizzas, pastas, salads and burgers.
Specialties are prime angus beef and seafood.
Specialties are religious, small business, and personal websites.
Specialties are shrimp and chicken.
Specialties are slow-roasted prime rib, steaks made to order and rock lobster tails.
Specialties are specialties.
Specialties are steaks, corned beef and cabbage, pasta.
Specialties are steaks, prime rib and seafood in Ogden .
Specialties are steaks, seafood and chops.
Specialties are team effectiveness, service quality, and marketing.
Specialties are the automotive industry, industrial sales and the banking industry.
Specialties are the fish and vegetarian dishes.
Specialties are the polish sausage sandwich and the bone-in pork chop sandwich.
Specialties are the sociology and philosophy of education.
Specialties are the structural unit of the profession.
Specialties are varied enough to meet the needs, interests, and talents of students.
Specialties are Web and intranet funtionality.
Specialties are web sites, software, and graphic design.
Specialties attract the best offers, though.
Specialties can help, too.
Specialties can include plastic surgical injuries, standard of care and medical malpractice.
Specialties can include psychological trauma from identifiable stressors.
Specialties can only effectively exist when recognized by a provincial regulatory board.
Specialties Click on an image below to enlarge the graphic and obtain detailed information.
Specialties enjoyed by diners include eight different burgers and steaks.
Specialties Find information on our specialties.
Specialties has generations of experience in the basket business.
Specialties include microbial physiology.
Specialties include physiology.
Specialties includes steaks, seafood, and a garden fresh salad bar.
Specialties inclue the excellent homemade pasta and the splendid veal.
Specialties is our latest discounter.
Specialties offer the following resources.
Specialties Pursue a dream.
Specialties range from educators to criminal justice volunteers.
Specialties range from Family Practice to Obstetrics to Surgery and Internal Medicine.
Specialties require special adjustments to major themes.
Specialties vary daily, garnished with flowers and herbs grown in the garden.
Specialties When registering consultants declare their specialties.
Specialties Works in all lettering styles.
Specialty also gives students the option of selling their books back when their classes are over.
Specialty also gives the students the option of selling their books back after their class is over.
Specialty begins in alternate years.
Specialty can really add to saleability and price of a crop.
Specialty Check no more than two.
Specialty classifieds with luxury and exotic vehicles.
Specialty combines brand-building PR tactics with strategic investor relations techniques.
Specialty hikes available.
Specialty includes knowledge of audiology and speech-language pathology.
Specialty includes medical field.
Specialty is a one-stop provider of our customers business machine's needs.
Specialty is academic realism, bringing 'life to art'.
Specialty is AIDs.
Specialty is aircraft location to individual client order.
Specialty is art education.
Specialty is bear hunting with hounds.
Specialty is black gospel music.
Specialty is bottled non-carbonated bottled water and fruit drinks.
Specialty is breakfast, served all day.
Specialty is candles.
Specialty is character and period hairstlyles, as well as high fashion.
Specialty is charter flights from California to Colorado and Idaho resorts.
Specialty is coin and card closeup Magic.
Specialty is credit card terminal software.
Specialty is design and manufacture of complex metal bellows.
Specialty is diversified investments designed to perform in bullish, bearish, and flat markets.
Specialty is education of the handicapped.
Specialty is education psychology and early childhood special education.
Specialty is educational leadership, law and finance.
Specialty is educational psychology, early childhood special education.
Specialty is educational psychology.
Specialty is educational theory.
Specialty is electrochemistry of metaloproteins.
Specialty is experimental studies of weathering reactions.
Specialty is fine meats, seafood, fresh produce, and deli items.
Specialty is forced induction through supercharging.
Specialty is foundations of education.
Specialty is grilled seafood.
Specialty is hamburgers.
Specialty is hard to find finishing materials.
Specialty is high pressure structures of hydrogen bonded solvents and solutions.
Specialty is in quality site designs for the financial services and hospitality industries.
Specialty is in the field of bank security.
Specialty is interactive environmental music.
Specialty is internet, and web marketing.
Specialty is invisible and museum quality restoration.
Specialty is ipe decking.
Specialty is large runs in wide web.
Specialty is Latin seafood.
Specialty is local entertainment.
Specialty is modern oil painting and collage.
Specialty is open.
Specialty IS our specialty.
Specialty is philosophy of education and religion.
Specialty is physician extenders.
Specialty is prime rib.
Specialty is pure silk printing.
Specialty is quick turn prototypes and medium production orders.
Specialty is raspberry pancakes and walleye.
Specialty is real photo postcards of Nebraska.
Specialty is resources for self-directed learning.
Specialty is Russian folk songs and dances from various regions of Russia.
Specialty is science education.
Specialty is small scale characteristics of the terrestrial mesosphere.
Specialty is small whitefish from the lake.
Specialty is social studies.
Specialty is soft-adventure custom made, organized and designed itineraries.
Specialty is solvent recovery by distillation.
Specialty is special education.
Specialty is special interest tours and customized group departures.
Specialty is steak and lobster suppers.
Specialty is steaks, pond raised catfish and seafood.
Specialty is storage and handling of apparel, linens etc.
Specialty is succulent barbecue baby back ribs.
Specialty is tank high level alarm systems.
Specialty is Texas research, but census research available in all states.
Specialty is the authentic rarity.
Specialty is the bariatric obese market.
Specialty is the surgical treatment of adult heart and chest diseases.
Specialty is trophy speckled trout and redfish.
Specialty is trophy sportfishing for giant stripers and bass.
Specialty is weddings.
Specialty is ylid synthesis.
Specialty isa asset.
Specialty offers a unique program featuring hands-on computer training with individual instruction.
Specialty pancakes with a variety of fruit toppings, eggs, omelettes, and waffles.
Specialty pay incentives for field training officers, detectives, and accident investigators.
Specialty pay incentives for field training officers, detectives, and bomb technicians.
Specialty presses to do caps, mugs, and plates are available.
Specialty produce grower, maple syrup.
Specialty provides a wheeled split cart for collection of recyclable materials.
Specialty provides free airport shuttle service and free area hotel pick ups.
Specialty scanning from medium and large format negatives and transparencies is also available.
Specialty shows featuring new and old artists.
Specialty shows with long-standing loyal followings like that bring in the most money.
Specialty siding nails perform best with redwood or other wood sidings.
Specialty states two grounds for reconsideration.
Specialty valves for abrasive, viscous, granular materials and slurries.
Specialties often appear on the most expensive menu, or only on the carte.
All specialties are prepared in an open kitchen accessible to our guests.
All specialties are represented, including prenatal, and family planning.
All specialties come with a house salad or slaw and baked potato or hand cut fries.
All specialties require an intense understanding of the basics of science and biology.
All specialties welcome.
Any specialty is welcome.
Every specialty is different, with different eval stats and experience stats.
Every specialty requires knowledge of that particular type of property and clientele.
Many specialties are also highly dependent on facilities and other health care providers.
Many specialties are available to prepare nurses for advanced practice roles.
Many specialties are available.
Many specialties are eligible for sign on bonuses.
Many specialties are narrow.
Many specialties exist in the criminal justice field.
Many specialties now require periodic board exams for recertification.
Many specialties require further graduate training either for career entry or advancement.
Most specialties relate to the health care of adults.
Some specialties also require recertification after a period of time.
Some specialties are hammocks, panama hats, men's shirts.
Some specialties exist in a world of their own.
Some specialties have course requirements over and above the minimum requirements for the degree.
Some specialties have early application deadlines.
Some specialties help best possible counsel.
Some specialties help counsel.
Some specialties provide resource materials or enhanced information about their residency programs.
Some specialties relate to breathe problems.
Some specialties relate to problems.
Some specialties require additional experience.
Some specialties require capital investment over and above the basic start-up costs.
Some specialties require even longer.
Some specialties require special physical skills.
Some specialties view stepping out positively.
Some specialty sporting goods stores and catalog companies carry commercial snares.
Speciation events are thus examples of macroevolution.
Speciation events occur over geologic time.
Speciation events occur over time.
Speciation events take places.
Most speciation events occur over geologic time.
Most speciation events occur over time.
Most speciation events take places.
Speciation also can occur when geographic boundaries split populations from one another.
Speciation can also occur when a subpopulation migrates into a new niche.
Speciation can occur in only a single generation.
Speciation can occur when two populations occupy different habitats.
Speciation can result from isolation.
Speciation explains evolutionary branching and diversification.
Speciation generally requires barriers to gene flow.
Speciation happens almost on a daily basis.
Speciation happens to populations.
Speciation increases biological diversity.
Speciation increases diversity.
Speciation involves changes to more than one gene.
Speciation involves many mutations leading to significant changes.
Speciation is a common occurance in nature.
Speciation is an absolute necessity for evolution to be valid.
Speciation is an evolutionary event that gives rise to new species.
Speciation is an evolutionary process in which one species splits into two or more species.
Speciation is an extension of evolution.
Speciation is an important part of the creation model.
Speciation is an incredibly important edict of evolution.
Speciation is an ongoing process that has resulted in a spectacular diversity of flora and fauna.
Speciation is as important and as fascinating a question now, as ever, for understanding life.
Speciation is at the boundary between microevolution and macroevolution.
Speciation is different from evolution.
Speciation is evidence of evolution.
Speciation is evolution.
Speciation is how a new kind of plant or animal species is created.
Speciation is observable and fits into the category of operational science.
Speciation is observed.
Speciation is often the result of environmental adaptation.
Speciation is one of the most basic processes in evolution.
Speciation is performed using an automated identification system.
Speciation is phylogenesis
Speciation is responsible for the great diversity of species in our nature.
Speciation is the attainment of reproductive isolation.
Speciation is the development of a new species.
Speciation is the division of one species into two different species.
Speciation is the formation of new species from older species.
Speciation is the mechanism by which different species are created from the same ancestral species.
Speciation is the name for the process by which one species branches into two or more new species.
Speciation is the process by which new biological species arise.
Speciation is the process by which new species are formed.
Speciation is the process of evolution by which new species form.
Speciation is the process where daughter species evolve from the parental species.
Speciation is the separation of one lineage into two.
Speciation is very important in evolutionary biology.
Speciation isa phylogeny.
Speciation leads to the creation of two independent populations.
Speciation means reproduction can only take place between members of the same species.
Speciation occurs at the periphery of the population.
Speciation occurs because of reproductive isolation.
Speciation occurs due to the water barriers created by the breakup.
Speciation occurs in geologic time.
Speciation occurs in several stages.
Speciation occurs in time.
Speciation occurs naturally over a very long time.
Speciation occurs over time.
Speciation occurs through changes in chromosome number resulting in reproductive isolation.
Speciation occurs when one population is isolated from another population.
Speciation occurs when two populations become reproductively isolated.
Speciation phenomena in birds.
Speciation processes in the adaptive radiation of Hawaiian plants and animals .
Speciation processes in the adaptive radiation of Hawaiian plants and animals.
Speciation produces diversity.
Speciation produces the diversity that phylogenetic biologists document.
Speciation requires reproductive isolation.
Speciation requires selective mating, which result in a reduced gene flow .
Speciation requires selective mating, which result in a reduced gene flow.
Speciation results from selections.
Speciation results from sexual selections.
Speciation results in two species derived from a single progenitor species.
Speciation takes place in geographically overlapping populations.
Speciation tends to be favored by catastrophic events on earth.
Most speciation increases biological diversity.
Most speciation increases diversity.
Most speciation occurs in geologic time.
Most speciation occurs in time.
Most speciation occurs over time.
Most speciation produces diversity.
Some speciation occurs in cases.
Some speciation occurs in cycads.
Some speciation takes places.
Specie loss is a certainty.
Many species of bamboo produce edible shoots.
Some species of bamboo seem to have a few plants in flower somewhere most of the time.
Most species of rats live in nests comprised of an alpha male, several females and the young rats.
Some species of shark prefer the taste of tuna to that of other fish.
Many species of sharks are endangered due to illegal killing.
Many species of sharks are similar, and often are hard to tell apart.
Most species of sharks are found in the oceans.
Most species of sharks have a rounded body, shaped somewhat like a torpedo.
Most species of sharks reside in saltwater which means they are found in the oceans.
Some species of sharks give live birth to their young.
Some species of sharks have barbells, otherwise known as whiskers, near their nostrils.
Some species of sharks have protective coverings for their eyes.
Some species of sharks lay eggs with the developing embryo covered by a tough, protective case.
Some species of sharks live in coastal waters, but others dwell far out at sea.
Specie richness refers to the variety of species within a region.
Specie alone is in demand.
Specie is currency
Specie is sometimes also interchangeable with bullion.
Specie lasts forever and even paper currency is pretty durable.
Specie means 'coined money'.
Specie means money, specifically, coined money.
Species act as individual evolutionary units.
Species adapt to their environment.
Species adapt very slowly to changed environmental conditions.
Species adapt, giving rise to new species over thousands and millions of years.
Species affected are bald eagles, American coot and waterfowl.
Species affected are menhaden, silversides, perch, mummichogs,pickerel, catfish and sunfish.
Species affected by the government's activities include bald eagles and shortnose sturgeon.
Species affected by toxic contamination include mink and river otter.
Species affected include economically important cattle, sheep and pigs.
Species affected include endangered sea turtles, marine mammals, fish, and sea birds.
Species allocated to foreign countries include silver hake and round nose grenadier.
Species also disappear.
Species also have adaptations specific to their environments.
Species also have instrinsic value aside from their utility to people.
Species also interact by competing with each other for resources.
Species also overlap a good bit, especially in transition zones between low and high marshes.
Species also return to water to breed and lay-eggs.
Species also vary in their importance in different food webs, where scale is important.
Species also vary in when they can learn new songs.
Species also vary with respect to carrying the egg case, or ootheca.
Species appear and disappear.
Species are a bunch of similar things.
Species are a group of organisms which can interbreed and produce fertile offspring.
Species are a mosaic of both morphological and genetic characteristics.
Species are a separate issue.
Species are active an extremely brief time, one to two weeks.
Species are all native to Louisiana and are well suited to the state s growing conditions.
Species are also at risk.
Species are always the specifically different embodiments.
Species are at risk of disappearing from particular areas, or are at risk of total extinction.
Species are between approximately one mm to several cm long .
Species are between approximately one mm to several cm long.
Species are biological entities that change.
Species are both hardy and tough perennials selected with the beginner wildflower gardener in mind.
Species are called 'antelopes' if they look like one.
Species are convenient categories to which a name can be attached.
Species are creatures similar enough genetically to produce offspring which can also reproduce.
Species are determined on the basis of distinctiveness rather degree of difference.
Species are different 'kinds', all members of which possess a common essence.
Species are difficult to identify due to frequent hybridization and intergression.
Species are difficult to identify due to frequent hybridization and introgression.
Species are distinguished by the wing coloration, ranging from white to very dusky.
Species are distinguished from each other in a number of ways.
Species are distributed in dry and cool regions in both the Eastern and Western hemispheres.
Species are either autotrophic or heterotrophic.
Species are either terrestrial or epiphytic and range throughout global tropical regions.
Species are equivalent by designation only.
Species are few , in fact, sometimes consisting of only one or two conifer species.
Species are few, in fact, sometimes consisting of only one or two conifer species.
Species are fundamental unit of evolution.
Species are grouped into trophic guilds if their prey and predator links are indistinguishable.
Species are groups of organisms that are closely related and can mate to produce fertile offspring.
Species are groups of organisms that bred to another and produce offspring.
Species are identified by the pattern of the teeth on the oral disc.
Species are immune to their own toxins.
Species are immutable.
Species are important.
Species are in decline and ecosystems have been compromised.
Species are in taxonomic order.
Species are like mountains and rivers, objectively there to be mapped.
Species are likely to respond to the same care required by better known relatives.
Species are limited.
Species are monoecious or dioecious with both sexes in aments.
Species are objective entities that are easily recognized.
Species are parasitic in vertebrates, invertebrates, and plants.
Species are part of ecological communities.
Species are particular kinds of plants.
Species are represented, left to right, from most abundant to least.
Species are reproductive communities of populations that occurpy a specific niche in nature.
Species are reproductively isolated groups of organisms .
Species are searchable by genus species name or by kindgdom or phylum.
Species are seasonal.
Species are species that no longer exist on Earth are endangered threatened extinct .
Species are temporary stages in the continuous evolution of life.
Species are the basic unit of classification.
Species are the building, blocks of ecosystems, which provide the life support systems for humans.
Species are the different kinds of organisms.
Species are the fundamental taxonomic units of biological classification.
Species are the fundamental unit of biodiversity.
Species are the fundamental unit of classification.
Species are the lowest level of biological classification.
Species are the smallest groups.
Species are thin on the ground, frost and snow are thick.
Species are tricky things.
Species are typically prolific seed produces with seeds adapted for long-distance dispersal.
Species are typically white, cream or yellow to ochre or grey-brown.
Species are unfamiliar.
Species are usually terrestrial and can be found in Asia, Africa, and tropical America.
Species are virus strains that are recognizably different in more than one gene.
Species are what they are where they are.
Species are widespread in the state unless otherwise indicated.
Species arise and change by many different means and exist at all steps in a continuum of change.
Species arise as a consequence of adaptation to different ecological niches.
Species attract mates through visual and sound courtship cues.
Species become extinct when all individuals of that species die.
Species become extinct, and global warming increases.
Species become locally rarer and rarer until they eventually disappear.
Species becomes genuine reproductive units.
Species begin dying off at unprecedented speed.
Species behave in many different ways.
Species being modeled include summer flounder, Atlantic surf clam, and black sea bass.
Species being tested include Russian olive, caragana, and prairie rose.
Species belonging to the tenth group bear true hermaphro- hermaphrodite female flowers on another.
Species can affect each other in intricate ways.
Species can also have a mix of gendered and hermaphoditic plants.
Species can also transmit various forms of cattle onchocerciases.
Species can be BOTH invasive and non-native.
Species can breed with each other and produce offspring with certain traits to continue species.
Species can co-exist in one pumpkin.
Species can come and go within communities over time, yet the community as a whole persists.
Species can evolve and go extinct before they are even noticed in the world.
Species can go extinct.
Species can grow naturally in almost every part of world.
Species can include gases, and a spectrum of aerosol sizes.
Species can influence one another in many different ways.
Species can interact in many ways, all of which influence the organization of communities.
Species can occur in more than one land type category.
Species can only reproduce with the same species.
Species can participate in reactions, fluxes, and diffusion.
Species can range from common backyard birds to less common, unusual species.
Species can range from pollution tolerant to extremely sensitive to pollution.
Species can split to form several new populations if they evolve separately.
Species can survive and remain unchanged for millions of years.
Species can survive if the number of predators increases.
Species can tolerate different environmental gradients.
Species can vary in length from less than one to two or more inches.
Species can vary only as much as the pre-existing genetic material allows.
Species can vary widely from one region to the next.
Species caught include striped bass, bluefish, weakfish, albacore, bonito.
Species change over time and space.
Species change over time and their history can be described as a branching tree of life.
Species change over time.
Species change through the processes of natural selection and evolution.
Species chosen represent the waterfowl most frequently shot by hunters.
Species come and go by natural processes.
Species come and go in a panorama that can change even from day to day.
Species come from other species by mechanical means.
Species commonly found in shady areas include white snakeroot, bracken fern, pokeweed and buckeye.
Species competing for the same resources in similar fashion are known as guilds .
Species consist are of the platypus and echidnas.
Species consist of groups of interbreeding populations.
Species consist of most resident and migratory vertebrates and selected invertebrates.
Species consist of populations rather than unconnected individuals.
Species consumed include snails, caterpillars and other insects.
Species controlled include elodea, milfoil, pondweeds, cattails, and sedges.
Species cope with environmental heterogeneity in diverse ways.
Species count is a measure of diversity.
Species count of vascular plants in Amazonian Ecuador.
Species covered are mammals, reptiles and birds.
Species covered include dogs, cats, horses, and birds.
Species covered include everything from white-tailed deer and elk to otters and bald eagles.
Species covered include porcine, bovine, equine, canine and feline.
Species covered include salmon, trout, arctic charr, halibut and shellfish.
Species descend from other species.
Species develop because of reproductive barriers.
Species develop from pre-existing species.
Species develop mechanisms to protect themselves from predators.
Species develop over time to fit their environment, or they die out.
Species die all the time, says the other.
Species die, species arise.
Species differ from one another in appearance during their growth stages.
Species differ in at least one way.
Species differ in growth habit.
Species differ in the extent to which they can compensate for herbivory.
Species differ in the type of sleep they display.
Species differ in their DNA and protein molecules .
Species differ in their optimal temperature for photosynthesis.
Species differ in their potential for population increase.
Species differ in their resource requirements.
Species disappear because of either either changes in nature or the actions of people.
Species disappear by the hundreds.
Species discussed include canine, feline, porcine, bovine, and equine.
Species display spatial variability.
Species display temporal variability.
Species do best when they cooperate.
Species do differ.
Species do hybridize in nature, and the boundaries between some species are blurred.
Species do vary and change, but only on a small scale.
Species does look and sound great.
Species does well in wet areas of the landscape.
Species eaten vary from antelopes to monkeys, rodents.
Species emerge, they mature, they go into decline, they die.
Species employing r-strategies achieve a high specific growth rate.
Species Enter at most one species name or partial name.
Species evolve and develop.
Species evolve and mutated because it is needed to survive in a new environment.
Species evolve as a part of the whole, intricate, interrelated creation.
Species evolve in a particular geographical area, then gradually extend their range.
Species evolve in subtle ways.
Species evolve into other types or die out.
Species evolve over time.
Species evolve to fill particular niches or habitats that exist on Earth.
Species evolve to meet the environment.
Species evolve when the alternative is death.
Species exchange a variety of goods and services using energy and nutrients as currency.
Species exhibit a range of sensitivity to habitat loss and other stresses.
Species exhibit great variation within a single population.
Species exhibit tremendous diversity in morphology, ecology, and life history traits.
Species feeding on the seashore are reported to feed on marine crustaceans and molluscs.
Species feeds on the bottom taking mainly small mollusks, small fish, and worms.
Species fend for themselves.
Species form a developing web.
Species found here include smallmouth bass, largemouth bass, pike, smelt and yellow perch.
Species generally are suited to their environments.
Species get better and better adapted.
Species go extinct as part of natural selection.
Species go extinct because deaths exceed births for a long enough period of time.
Species go extinct primarily because they are unable to adapt to a changing environment.
Species go extinct, and every attempt to save one destroys two more.
Species grow and adapt because of other species.
Species habitat tends to be located primarily in the Southeastern United States.
Species harvested are red, blue, and golden king crab.
Species have a large amount of variation but their genetic resources are finite.
Species have a tendency to increase in numbers over generations at a geometric rate.
Species have characteristic profiles of type and concentration of fatty acids.
Species have different numbers of legs resulting in large differences in locomotion.
Species have different probabilities of being detected or caught among sites.
Species have different strategies the effectiveness of which depends entirely on their niche.
Species have different types of relationships with each other.
Species have the ability to adapt to changes in their environment.
Species have their origin in higher taxonomic levels of the lineage and also in sister species.
Species have their own response to dissolution.
Species have to continually evolve just to keep up in the race.
Species hunted include moose, bear, whitetail deer, mule deer, duck and geese.
Species hybridize freely.
Species includes marlin, spearfish and sailfish.
Species includes sparrows, pigeons, starlings, grackel and others.
Species indicating such a transitional state are of course dominant.
Species inlclude brittle, burro, cheese, bladder pod, and other such species of brushy bush.
Species interact to form the living things in an ecosystem.
Species interact with each other and rely on each other.
Species interact with each other in ways other than feeding upon one another.
Species involved include the humpback chub, Colorado squawfish, razorback sucker and bonytail chub.
Species involved include the vipers and cobras, certain back-fangs, and some large boas and pythons.
Species iris have a special place along with the continuing collection of Polygonatum .
Species is a group of interbreeding individuals.
Species is a group of plants that can generally interbreed only among themselves.
Species is a group of similar organisms that can mate with each other and produce fertile offspring.
Species is a little tender when young but once established can tolerate temperatures down to zero.
Species is a property of genus, genus is a property of family, etc.
Species is a quite maleable term.
Species is a word for a special kind of living thing, like a crow.
Species is abbreviated sp.
Species is both plural AND singular.
Species is both the singular and plural form of the word.
Species is clearly a human concept.
Species is considered endangered.
Species is considered to be a living fossil.
Species is diploid.
Species is hard to define.
Species is hardy and resistant to heat, drought, wind and air pollution.
Species is known to be a moss green color, especially after molting.
Species is monotypic .
Species is native to central and southern Europe.
Species is present the entire year, usually nests in the area.
Species is really pretty bad, bad enough to be enjoyable.
Species is scholastic Latin for eidos .
Species is secondary.
Species is selected in the species tree.
Species is subdivided i. part of the species is isolated from another part.
Species is the most fundamental unit of classification.
Species is the most specific term used in classifying organisms on Earth.
Species is the name given to the group of birds, animals or plants that can breed with each other.
Species is the ONLY biological reality.
Species is threatened to become extinct if conditions worsen.
Species is tilapia.
Species is tolerant of human presence, nesting in city parks in prairie regions.
Species is very susceptible to fire blight, especially during wet years.
Species known as pearl oysters belong to a separate family.
Species Learn how to fish for different species, from trout to steelhead, bonefish to bass.
Species learn to adapt to it's environment and survive.
Species list with abundance data.
Species list with links to available species accounts.
Species listed in bold text are birds known to nest on or near the Refuge.
Species listed include, birds cats, dogs, horses, insects etc.
Species listed on the first schedule are subject to the most stringent international trade controls.
Species listed reflect both breeding populations and transient visitors.
Species live inland on every continent and in all major bodies of water.
Species living apart are allopatric .
Species living at the bottom of the sea can hunt by ambush thanks to their camouflage.
Species living in cold mountain streams or lakes often require much more time.
Species living in groups often have a hierarchy , both among males and females.
Species living in snowy regions acquire white coats in winter and are then known as ermine .
Species living in warm, arid zones have short fur.
Species living on land are found in moist habitats, such as rainforests or wet coastal forests.
Species look alike is because of evolution.
Species maintain their integrity when they consistently choose mates with in their species.
Species make societies of kin and parasitic to symbiotic relationships with other species.
Species make societies of kin, and parasitic to symbiotic relationships with other species.
Species migrate both to seek more favorable environments and to escape hostile ones.
Species most harvested are mallard, black duck, wood duck and teal.
Species move in and out of the Bay at different times of the year, so diets change seasonally.
Species name The scientific name of organisms.
Species name The species the clone belongs to.
Species naturally reject body parts of other species.
Species notes for amphibians.
Species notes for birds.
Species notes for mammals.
Species notes for reptiles.
Species occur in freshwater and marine plankton habitats worldwide.
Species occur in freshwater and marine planktonic habitats worldwide.
Species occur in grassland, including lawns, or on rich, often alluvial, soils in woodlands.
Species occurs in only some of the proper habitat.
Species occurs irregularly, and usually in small numbers.
Species occurs regularly but is observed infrequently even in proper habitat.
Species occurs regularly, but in small numbers.
Species occurs, or probably occurs, regularly within the region, but in very small numbers.
Species only change little from one generation to the next .
Species only change little from one generation to the next.
Species organize themselves into genera of all sizes.
Species pass through alternate periods of stability and transformation.
Species placed in the lizard's tail family have showy bracts associated with some of their flowers.
Species planted include white spruce, hybrid spruce and lodgepole pine.
Species previously excluded by depth are able to colonize.
Species printed in red are extinct.
Species probably competes with other ant eaters including birds and other lizards.
Species produce more offspring than the environment can support.
Species produce more offspring than the environment can sustain.
Species produce more offspring than the environment sustain, when a population grows too big.
Species producing wood with high calorific values are to be selected.
Species propagated here include blue tongued skinks, rainbow boas and plumed basilisks.
Species provide another essential source of funding.
Species range from mice to moose, minnows to muskies, and hummingbirds to eagles.
Species range from simple backyard birds to tropical rainforests.
Species range from sprawling mats to shrubs.
Species range from trees and shrubs to lianas or herbaceous vines.
Species range in color from yellow to green to black.
Species readily hybridize with each other, making their taxonomy somewhat contentious.
Species remains within the park during the summer.
Species remains within the park during the winter.
Species remains within the park throughout the year.
Species reproduce after their own kind.
Species require diverse configurations of genetic make-up to survive.
Species respond in diverse ways to sporadic and unpredictable pulses of resource availability.
Species respond in very different ways to climate change.
Species richness decreases with variability in water temperature and salinity.
Species roam far in the rainforest canopy without ever venturing a few meters down.
Species See our sportfish section on the home page.
Species share a distinguishing characteristic, which is evolutionary independence.
Species share energy back and forth in subtle ways.
Species share the fate of individuals.
Species shipped is generally Hydra littoralis.
Species shown in gray indicate colorless species.
Species shows most closely related orgs.
Species signal that the lineage has arrived at the end of the line.
Species simply change continuously under the influence of natural selection.
Species soil relationships of an inland saline system.
Species statusing enables prioritization of animal inventories and population monitoring.
Species struggle for existence.
Species take an active role in deciding how they evolve.
Species targeted include hake, ling, cod, sablefish, halibut and Patagonian toothfish.
Species tend to emerge to fill empty eco-niches.
Species tend to have different kind of forms.
Species tend to stick around for quite awhile longer.
Species tested are Northern red oak, white oak, yellow poplar, and black walnut.
Species thus have a dispersion pattern.
Species treated here include owls, hawks, gulls, song birds and hummingbirds to name a few.
Species try out different roles with one another and explore partnerships.
Species use resources according to their position in the chain.
Species use resources according to their positions in the chain.
Species vary according to their preferred habitats.
Species vary depending on location.
Species vary globally, locally and over time.
Species vary greatly but often include sweet gum and red maple.
Species vary greatly in their tolerance of hides and the comings and goings of a photographer.
Species vary greatly in visual and vibratory components of courtship.
Species vary in a world abounding with an array of life forms.
Species vary in appearance and some mimic wasps and bees.
Species vary in height.
Species vary in size and appearance, with the largest having a leg span of about nine inches.
Species vary in susceptibility.
Species vary in the amount of moisture needed to prompt germination.
Species vary in the number of tentacles, from a couple to several hundred.
Species vary in their ability and opportunities to adapt or migrate.
Species vary in their navigational abilities.
Species vary in their normal retention of needles after cutting.
Species vary on how well they adapt to unfamiliar surroundings, and general flightiness.
Species vary somewhat in susceptibility.
Species vary with the season, and bird behavior differs during mating season.
Species often develop large scab like patches on body.
Species often load on habitat in ways that are predictable from moisture gradients.
All species often come to lights.
All species accidentally drown from fishing nets.
All species appear to be host specific.
All species are active, fast-running insects.
All species are also affiliates of recently burned areas.
All species are always absent from almost everywhere .
All species are ambrosia beetles and generally breed in large diameter host material.
All species are aquatic or semiaquatic as immatures or larvae.
All species are aquatic, most are marine.
All species are aquatic, perennial herbs with underwater rhizomes and long-petioled, peltate leaves.
All species are at or past their prime, and best colors are seen at the lowest elevations.
All species are at risk.
All species are available for both spin and flyfisherman.
All species are available in single packets.
All species are available.
All species are believed to feed on fragments of feather and dead skin.
All species are benthic, and either deposit feeders or suspension feeders.
All species are capable climbers.
All species are carnivorous.
All species are common in the eastern United States.
All species are confronted with a wide variation in environmental conditions.
All species are deciduous.
All species are desirable.
All species are different.All organisms have similar needs and structures.
All species are diurnal and viviparous.
All species are easy to grow and require only minimal care.
All species are either insect-pollinated or autogamous but few genera produce nectar.
All species are eligible.
All species are elongate and thin.
All species are encased in a pair of bony shells, a dorsal carapace and a ventral plastron.
All species are endemic to Australia and they are generally plants of semi arid to arid regions.
All species are epiphytic, unless otherwise indicated.
All species are equal here.
All species are equal.
All species are foliage-feeders, and a few are of economic importance as forest defoliators.
All species are found from low to moderate altitude.
All species are frog-like in appearance with moderately long tails.
All species are from South America and the Caribbean.
All species are graceful in their movements and run swiftly.
All species are gregarious.
All species are herbaceous.
All species are herbivorous, feeding on grass and seeds.
All species are highly pelagic and poorly known at sea.
All species are hot.
All species are important prey for many marine fishes, birds, and mammals.
All species are important to the cultural services of coral reefs.
All species are in the gas phase.
All species are integral to coastline protection during severe storms.
All species are interconnected and interdependent.
All species are interconnected.
All species are large stocky birds with short squarish tails .
All species are large stocky birds with short squarish tails.
All species are marine and are mostly found in shallow water.
All species are marine and most inhabit deep water.
All species are members of some ecological community.
All species are monoecious with unisexual apetalous flowers.
All species are new for the zakaznik.
All species are nocturnal and arboreal and usually nest in tree hollows.
All species are nocturnal and hide during the day in their nest, a hollow log or crevice.
All species are nocturnal and secretive.
All species are nocturnal animals, living in holes of their own construction.
All species are nocturnal.
All species are nonvenomous.
All species are oviparous.
All species are parasitic and have elaborate life cycles, often requiring more than one host.
All species are parasitic and none appears in fresh water.
All species are part of the cetacean family and belong to the toothed whale suborder .
All species are part of the web of life.
All species are phytophagous and many are monophagous .
All species are plant pathogens and are found only in association with plants or plant material.
All species are plants of dry scrub or open woodland.
All species are poisonous to livestock.
All species are poisonous, noxious weeds.
All species are powerful fighters.
All species are primarily diurnal and almost exclusively arboreal.
All species are primarily diurnal and terrestrial, but all are capable of climbing.
All species are primarily nocturnal, and some are also crepuscular.
All species are primarily nocturnal.
All species are seasonally available.
All species are sensitive to abrupt diet changes.
All species are similar.
All species are slow growing with the very rare peniculinum being the slowest.
All species are social, living in colonies of hundreds to thousands of individuals.
All species are strongly dimorphic at maturity.
All species are subject to cycles of sustained growth and sudden calamity.
All species are susceptible to frost and succumb to water-logged conditions.
All species are susceptible.
All species are terrestrial herbivores.
All species are terrestrial.
All species are threatened, and several are endangered.
All species are tolerant of at least light frost, and some are very hardy.
All species are toxic, all parts.
All species are vertical clingers and leapers.
All species are welcome.
All species are wind-pollinated.
All species are woody , with essential oils , and flower parts in multiples of four or five .
All species are woody, with essential oils, and flower parts in multiples of four or five.
All species associate freely with other primates, mainly guenons .
All species become extinct sooner or later .
All species become extinct sooner or later.
All species belonging to it now live only in the Australian belt, from New Guinea to Tasmania.
All species breed in caves or shelters and both parents share in the rearing of the young.
All species bring an abundance of food and fur to the hunters and trappers of the community.
All species can be beneficial to the environment.
All species can get trauma-associated malignancies, but cats are particularly susceptible.
All species can hybridize, but the most common hybrids are red and white with pink.
All species collect the pollen except for Psithyrus .
All species come from South America although from different locations.
All species communicate amongst themselves.
All species complete their entire development inside the host tissue, and only emerge as adults.
All species continuously evolve to adapt to changing environments.
All species depend on others for survival.
All species deserve to be saved in their native habitat.
All species disappear completely after evacuation.
All species dive.
All species emit sperm into the water.
All species eventually go extinct or evolve into another species.
All species evolve.
All species fear injury and all species fight for life.
All species feed on the shoots and new growth.
All species feed while hovering and can also fly backward.
All species form endospores and have a strictly fermentative mode of metabolism.
All species give a harsh bark, which serves as an alarm to conspecifics.
All species give live birth, rather than laying eggs.
All species go extinct in the end.
All species grow in the presence of bile salts .
All species hatch young from eggs within the body.
All species have a broad, triangular head that is distinct from the neck.
All species have a certain amount of genetic diversity within their populations.
All species have a dark dorsal stripe, white underparts, and a whitish tail undersurface.
All species have a deep survival instinct.
All species have a further zone of synandrodes situated at the spadix apex.
All species have a greater capacity for growth than the environment can support indefinitely.
All species have a pair of claws on each foot.
All species have a pair of slender, cylindrical pre-antennal frontal processes.
All species have a preferred body temperature range at which they optimally function.
All species have a range of tolerance for physical and biological components in an environment.
All species have a right to perpetuation of the habitat necessary and required for survival.
All species have a similar body shape and are covered with numerous sharp spines.
All species have a slightly different role in the ecosystem.
All species have a specific range of temperature in which they are adapted.
All species have a thermal preference where they can function at their basal metabolic rate .
All species have a unique classification that results in a binomial name.
All species have a universal right to clean, untreated water.
All species have a warning growl.
All species have a way of helping the survival of each other in some way or another.
All species have a 'worm' form.
All species have an age of puberty at which they typically become sexually active.
All species have an inherent right to exist.
All species have certain broad minimum areas that they require to flourish.
All species have dark green, palm-like fronds arising from a central trunk.
All species have different specializations.
All species have edible shoots.
All species have flesh that is delicious to eat.
All species have four basic requirements for survival.
All species have language.
All species have large compartmented stomachs that contain cellulose-digesting bacteria.
All species have large eyes.
All species have laticifers that produce a colored or clear sap.
All species have life.
All species have long, narrow gray-green leaves and luxiriant flowers in erect clusters.
All species have male and female individuals.
All species have nice, shiny foliage and are capable of becoming large plants for floor use only.
All species have one variable for percent cover and one for tallest individual on the plot.
All species have opposite leaves and single flowers.
All species have permanent residences and never mi- grate.
All species have relatively short legs, pointed hooves, and an arched back.
All species have remarkably long gestation lengths.
All species have sensitive, moveable, elongated snouts.
All species have separate male and female flowers on the same plant .
All species have separate male and female flowers on the same plant.
All species have shapeless bodies with soft dull-brown exteriors.
All species have soft, thick pelage that is either silky or woolly to the touch.
All species have soldiers whose role is to defend the colony.
All species have some sort of contrasting color pattern.
All species have specific habitat requirements for their survival.
All species have spines in the dorsal and pectoral fins that can injure a careless angler.
All species have strong hind legs and feet.
All species have strong prehensile tails.
All species have symbiotic, nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria.
All species have teeth.
All species have the inherent right to exist.
All species have the right to exist.
All species have thick, soft fur, which is considered valuable in some species.
All species have tufts of fur on the tips of their ears.
All species have white underparts.
All species have yellow flowers and bloom in late summer.
All species have yellow or white on their faces.
All species inhabit desert or semidesert regions.
All species inherit the traits of their parents.
All species interbreed at their boundaries forming hybrid zones.
All species lack gas bladders and the number of gill rakers is variable.
All species leave a telltale, silver-colored, slime trail wherever they travel.
All species live in burrows or rocky crevices.
All species live in moist environments, and they often dwell in caves.
All species live in South America .
All species live in South America.
All species live in the Americas.
All species live in warm or tropical waters and feed on plants.
All species live within the perfect balance of nature.
All species look alike microscopically.
All species look alike with respect to wood anatomy.
All species look alike, with respect to wood anatomy.
All species look alike.
All species mentioned are have their place in local cuisines and can be used interchangably.
All species nest in trees.
All species nest on the ground, usually in colonies.
All species nesting on North Deer Island are migratory to some degree.
All species occur in North America.
All species occur naturally only in the southern areas of Western Australia.
All species occur on rugged hills and mountain slopes.
All species occur on waste ground or in other dry, open habitats.
All species place paralyzed spiders in the nest cells as provisions for the young.
All species possess a pale white or yellow belly.
All species prefer being planted in a sunny but sheltered location, such as against a warm wall.
All species prefer to grow in a moist, well-drained position, with some protection from winds.
All species produce blastoconidia singly or in small clusters.
All species produce ephemeral, yet showy, iris-like flowers at the end of arching stems.
All species produce far more offspring than are needed to replace the parents.
All species produce more offspring than can survive to reproduce.
All species provision their nests with paralysed lepidopteran, symphytan, or coleopteran larvae.
All species pursue the same methods when attacking their destined prey.
All species receive humane care and rehabilitation without bias.
All species recorded in the state of Tennessee appear in the list.
All species rely on a healthy natural world for survival.
All species reproduce by seed.
All species require an acidic, and preferably light, soil.
All species require automated equipment, conveyors, and coolers.
All species require water for their eggs to hatch.
All species roost by day and forage at night.
All species secrete honeydew which supports sooty mold fungus.
All species secrete wax that forms a small, hard, circular shell or cap over the growing scale.
All species seem driven to maximise return for food gathering effort.
All species share a number of design features which immediately indicate their family birthright.
All species share the same cultural requirements of full sun and well-drained soils.
All species show a similar mating behaviour, which is also unusual among fish.
All species show adaptations to their particular environments.
All species show extreme color polymorphism and sexual dimorphism.
All species shown reflect available grades and descriptions.
All species spawn in fresh waters.
All species tend to produce more offspring than the environment can sustain.
All species tend to stay on the bottom or in debris, dirt, etc.
All species travel in herds of varying sizes and show cooperative defence.
All species use ammonia as a nitrogen source.
All species use arthropod intermediate hosts.
All species welcome.
Any species can be a record.
Any species can colonize the early stages.
Any species has an activity.
Any species has the right to survive.
Any species needs time to adapt to change.
Every species have a specific number of chromosomes that complete the DNA package for that species.
Many species often have characteristics of another, making field identification a challenge.
Many species usually have only one chance at successfully fledging young.
Many species actually require fire as a part of their life history.
Many species also attract native wildlife.
Many species also eat other octopuses.
Many species also flower abundantly and produce ample seed.
Many species also have a distinct seasonal characteristic.
Many species also have a protective shell made of chitin, proteins and calcium carbonate.
Many species also have a spine on the head.
Many species also have a territorial call that is used to drive away other males.
Many species also have different colour morphs.
Many species also have gills on some segments of their bodies.
Many species also have spines that stick out all over their bodies when they puff up.
Many species also have vertical space requirements.
Many species also produce tuberous roots, or fibrous roots with occasional spindle-like swellings.
Many species also reproduce vegetatively through rhizomes or adventitious rooting.
Many species also require water that is high in calcium.
Many species also seek winter shelter in rock piles, old logs, and brush piles.
Many species also stop on their migrations north and south.
Many species also undergo a diet shift as they develop.
Many species appear to be active and forage during the winter.
Many species appear to be related to a single ancestral species .
Many species appear to have been well adapted to the exceptional environmental conditions.
Many species are able to freely hybridize, further increasing variability and speciation.
Many species are active all year under suitable conditions.
Many species are active at night.
Many species are actually harmless, but in some, the females consume the blood of animals.
Many species are adapted to alpine climates .
Many species are adapted to alpine climates.
Many species are already extinct.
Many species are already extremely close to extinction.
Many species are already extremely rare.
Many species are also aromatic.
Many species are anadromous, living in the sea and entering freshwater to spawn.
Many species are arboreal, that is, they live in trees.
Many species are aromatic , producing fragrant or spicy smells.
Many species are at risk of becoming rare or extinct.
Many species are at risk of disappearing unless limits are placed on the catch.
Many species are attracted to artificial light.
Many species are below  in length.
Many species are below in length .
Many species are beneficial in a variety of ways.
Many species are bioluminescent .
Many species are bought and sold.
Many species are brownish or blackish, but some species are brightly colored.
Many species are burrowers.
Many species are called kelp.
Many species are capable of becoming dessicated and then rehydrated.
Many species are capable of changing sex .
Many species are capable of changing sex.
Many species are capable of learning.
Many species are capable of reproducing asexually.
Many species are close to extinction.
Many species are commercially important.
Many species are common and many more a beautiful.
Many species are common on decaying plant and animal matter, including manure.
Many species are confined to moist, shady, lowland forest.
Many species are considered injurious, both to animals and plants.
Many species are cosmopolitan and synanthropic but there is also a native British dermistid fauna.
Many species are cosmopolitan and their countries of origin are unknown.
Many species are cosmopolitans.
Many species are covered with a woolly layer of wax.
Many species are critically endangered.
Many species are cultivated in conservatories.
Many species are deadly.
Many species are deciduous.
Many species are decorative and are widely cultivated.
Many species are dependent on the habitat provided by native vegetation.
Many species are diagnostic of peculiar types of habitats.
Many species are difficult for anyone but a specialist to identify.
Many species are difficult to grow from seed.
Many species are dimorphic - the sexes look different.
Many species are dioecious.
Many species are distasteful, some are toxic.
Many species are distinguished only by the male genitalia.
Many species are diurnal, some are semiaquatic, others live in the ground or are wood-boring.
Many species are economically important to humans, including both finfish and shellfish.
Many species are economically important.
Many species are economically valuable for their spices and perfume.
Many species are edible and all are mycorrhizal.
Many species are edible, but are supposed to cause urticaria.
Many species are endangered .
Many species are endangered and some are close to extinction.
Many species are endangered.
Many species are endemic to forested areas.
Many species are endemic to small areas of rainforest.
Many species are entirely marine, but some are fresh water.
Many species are epiphytic.
Many species are exceedingly rare, and little is known of their biology and distribution.
Many species are exploited for timber .
Many species are extremely beneficial to man.
Many species are extremely popular aquarium fish.
Many species are fast walkers, but can be easily observed when held in the palm of the hand.
Many species are found along intertidal areas, especially on sandy or muddy beaches.
Many species are found dose inshore among kelp beds, but some occur in fresh water.
Many species are found in rain forests .
Many species are found on steep exposures, precipitous inclines, and even cliffs.
Many species are free spawners .
Many species are free-living, while others are either facultative or obligate parasites.
Many species are fully winged in both sexes, and some species are domestic pests.
Many species are good burrowers.
Many species are green, but others are whitish.
Many species are gregarious in the early instars, but eventually disperse and become solitary.
Many species are gregarious, forming large and often conspicuous groups of adults and immatures.
Many species are gregarious, however nesting is established singly and on the ground.
Many species are grown and bred for their fruit.
Many species are grown commercially, but others are harvested from the wild.
Many species are grown for their edible fruits, for perfume, and for ornament.
Many species are grown for their ornamental flowers .
Many species are grown for their ornamental flowers.
Many species are hard and wood-like.
Many species are herbivores, living off algae and plant material.
Many species are host specific, developing in one or a limited number of related host species.
Many species are important as crop plants and as sources of pharmaceutical products .
Many species are important pathogens of economic crops.
Many species are important pests.
Many species are important predators in grassland habitats.
Many species are important timber trees.
Many species are in danger of extinction.
Many species are in great danger.
Many species are indicative of degraded or disturbed sites.
Many species are inherently more appropriate for energy conservation plantings.
Many species are invertebrates or soil organisms, both poorly known to science.
Many species are kept as cage birds and are good vocal mimics.
Many species are keratinophilic and are common dermatophytes.
Many species are known to be live-bearing.
Many species are known to produce pheromones, at least in the laboratory.
Many species are known.
Many species are largely arboreal.
Many species are leaf miners as early instars, occurring on conifers and broadleaf plants.
Many species are likely more abundant than listed.
Many species are listed as endangered or threatened.
Many species are long distance migrant waders.
Many species are long extinct and many more threatened, including the freshwater fish species.
Many species are masters of disguise, using camouflage colors and shapes to hide in the pools.
Many species are migratory appearing for several months a year then leaving until the next year.
Many species are migratory.
Many species are monogamous and spend their lives with only one mate.
Many species are more accessible in winter.
Many species are more vulnerable at night.
Many species are most active just after rain because of the moist ground.
Many species are most contented in a real plant thicket.
Many species are mounted low to the ground for humidity.
Many species are named after a number of spots.
Many species are named after their recognised hosts.
Many species are native to or naturalized in North America.
Many species are nitrogen fixers that help fertilize what is normally nutrient impoverished soils.
Many species are nocturnal to escape the high daytime temperatures.
Many species are nocturnal, hiding under stones during the day.
Many species are nocturnal.
Many species are nomadic and respond to the erratic rainfall patterns.
Many species are notoriously difficult to maintain in healthy condition for very long.
Many species are now extinct and many more have been introduced from other locations.
Many species are of economic importance.
Many species are of economic interest or important as indicators of environmental quality.
Many species are of great economic importance as the cause of serious plant diseases.
Many species are of horticultural importance, and a few are sources of ornamental timber.
Many species are of particular medical importance.
Many species are of small to moderate size.
Many species are omnivores , they eat anything they can find .
Many species are omnivores, they eat anything they can find.
Many species are omnivorous.
Many species are on the brink of extinction.
Many species are on the verge of extinction.
Many species are on the verge of extrinction, while others are thriving well.
Many species are ornamented with filaments of wax around the margin and posterior end of their body.
Many species are parasites Of medical and veterinary importance, and many are agricultural pests.
Many species are parasites or are specialised to live in one or a few hosts.
Many species are parasitic, and most groups of marine organisms have nematode parasites.
Many species are part of the normal flora.
Many species are particularly important as vectors of disease in man, other animals, and plants.
Many species are pests of cultivated plants.
Many species are pests that feed on cultivated crops and other human foods.
Many species are pests.
Many species are plain brown, gray, or sandy above and whitish below.
Many species are polyphagous in larva stage.
Many species are popular food and game fishes.
Many species are powerful fliers and migrate great distances.
Many species are predacious, some with extra-oral digestion.
Many species are predators or parasites only on specific stages in their life cycle.
Many species are predominantly plant-feeding.
Many species are present in New Zealand but often only represented by a single clone.
Many species are rare and depend on specific environmental conditions for breeding and hibernation.
Many species are rare and prefer to feed on birds, frogs or turtles.
Many species are rare because they require habitat conditions that are no longer prevalent.
Many species are rare in the state of Colorado but are secure in other regions of their range.
Many species are rare.
Many species are red with black spots or black with red spots.
Many species are resistent to high salt, dyes, weak antiseptics and most antibiotics.
Many species are scavengers eating whatever can be found on the surface.
Many species are secretive and difficult to find.
Many species are sensitive to changes in atmospheric conditions.
Many species are sensitive to frost.
Many species are sexually monomorphic.
Many species are shared with areas of the Arctic.
Many species are shredders.
Many species are small and brilliantly colored, such as the neon tetras popular among aquarists.
Many species are small in size and they have very rapid growth and short life cycles.
Many species are so small that they are parasites within the cells of their host.
Many species are sociable and do well in a community tank.
Many species are social and some have even been known to care for each other's young.
Many species are social.
Many species are sources of essential oils of use in perfumery and medicine.
Many species are specific to one pollenator.
Many species are still undiscovered.
Many species are strictly freshwater, some are stenohaline, and others are euryhaline.
Many species are subdivided into sub-species.
Many species are subject to breeding programmes to ensure a large biological variety.
Many species are tended by ants which feed on the honeydew .
Many species are terrestrial but a significant number are epiphytes.
Many species are terrestrial or semi-terrestrial.
Many species are terrestrial, nesting in leaf-litter, rotting wood, tree stumps or under stones.
Many species are territorial.
Many species are threatened by the destruction of their habitats.
Many species are threatened or endangered due to loss of habitat or habitat fragmentation .
Many species are threatened or endangered due to loss of habitat or habitat fragmentation.
Many species are today on the endangered list.
Many species are tree snails and are known for their colorful shells.
Many species are truly multicellular in having a division of labor among specialized cells.
Many species are two-colored, featuring grey and red phases.
Many species are under direct or indirect threat from trade.
Many species are unicelluar, with a single cell serving as the plant.
Many species are used.
Many species are valuable timber trees.
Many species are vectors of malaria.
Many species are very abundant.
Many species are very annoying because of their bites, and a few act as vectors of disease.
Many species are very beautiful when they have their fans fully extended.
Many species are very difficult to keep in captivity.
Many species are very popular with aquarium hobbyists.
Many species are very specific as to their chosen incubators for the young.
Many species are very territorial.
Many species are very well camouflaged on the ascidian colonies on which they feed.
Many species are voracious predators.
Many species are wingless , or have reduced wings .
Many species are wingless but, when wings are present, the fore wings are shortened and hardened.
Many species are wingless, or have reduced wings.
Many species are wingless.
Many species are winter migrants, or only appear for a short period of time.
Many species are yet to be found and identified.
Many species are, however, very difficult to keep in captivity.
Many species arrive here accidentally, without our knowledge.
Many species attack humans and animals and can spread diseases.
Many species attempt to colonize newly available space but only certain species are able to do so.
Many species attend aphids and coccids in strongly mutualistic associations.
Many species attract mates or defend territories with the help of flamboyant advertising plumage.
Many species become extinct each year.
Many species become extinct without ever being identified.
Many species become stationary when fully developed.
Many species blend in, or camouflage, with their surroundings.
Many species breed and rest in vernal pools.
Many species build houses from gravel or vegetable matter.
Many species build nests, some scatter their eggs and most aggressively defend their spawns.
Many species build roost nests .
Many species build roost nests.
Many species burrow deep into tlie carlli.
Many species call our area home.
Many species can also reproduce asexually by budding or fission.
Many species can and do share the same areas with raccoons with a minimum of friction.
Many species can carry out the fixation of atmospheric nitrogen.
Many species can flower and set seed.
Many species can fly several miles from their breeding sites to feed.
Many species can get quite large and they can be kept together in colonies.
Many species can have prolonged seasonal distribution with both univoltine and multivoltine species.
Many species can live in the same habitat, such as a pond.
Many species can produce spores.
Many species can protrude their muscular tongues for hunting purposes.
Many species can provide interesting winter scenes with their bark, seedpods and limb forms.
Many species can regenerate arms lost to battles with predators.
Many species can reproduce either asexually or sexually.
Many species can reproduce without employing sex.
Many species can reproduce without engaging in sex.
Many species can survive in very stagnant or polluted water.
Many species can survive overwintering without being placed pot to pot.
Many species can survive temperature extremes, but grow fastest under warm, sunny conditions.
Many species capture their prey by using their sticky, retractable tongues.
Many species change color during the seasons.
Many species choose grottos, caverns, or cavities in tree trunks, such as the Desmodus vampires.
Many species choose the ideal, or optimal, solution to a feeding problem.
Many species closely resemble leaves, grasses or twigs.
Many species combine the advantages of sexual and asexual reproduction.
Many species come together to make up the thick cover of grasses growing across the prairies.
Many species commonly cause economically destructive rots of fruits in storage.
Many species compete vigorously for space.
Many species complete their life cycle inside the bodies of their hosts.
Many species congregate in large flocks, frequenting grassland or open scrubland.
Many species construct open cup nests.
Many species contain chemicals with neurotoxic, carcinogenic, and teratogenic properties.
Many species contain essential oils made up from phenylpropanoids and terpenoids.
Many species contain essential oils.
Many species contain gray, red, green, or brown pigments.
Many species contain toxic substances, probably to discourage predators.
Many species continue to germinate throughout the summer under adequate conditions.
Many species cover their bodies with waxy or wool-like substances.
Many species covered by densely packed, wispy hairs that are longer than the width of the body .
Many species defend themselves by entering the nest when attacked.
Many species depend on a relatively narrow range of climate and soil conditions.
Many species depend on a single plant type for their caterpillar food source.
Many species depend on each other for their survival.
Many species depend on each other in intricate ways for survival.
Many species depend on fires to improve habitat, recycle nutrients and maintain diverse habitats.
Many species depend on white pines for food and shelter.
Many species develop a hooked valve.
Many species die immediately after having laid the egg, fertilized the eggs, given birth, etc.
Many species die in drift nets.
Many species dig burrows in the ground.
Many species display the same endemism, if all share an identical, small geographic range.
Many species dive or swim underwater to capture their prey.
Many species do well in captivity, but successful breeding is pretty rare.
Many species do well in lean soil, rock walls and crevices.
Many species do well in undrained containers of plastic, glass, or glazed ceramic.
Many species dominate the forests or woodlands in which they grow.
Many species eat invertebrates , as well as fruit or seedlings.
Many species enter the United States each year as contaminants of commodities.
Many species establish a territory around their nest that is off-limits to neighboring ants.
Many species even play beneficial roles in, say, producing antibiotics and foodstuffs.
Many species exhibit colourful markings in the skin.
Many species exhibit exuberant colors in numerous variations.
Many species exhibit long-term patterns in population abundance and distribution.
Many species exhibit parental care of their eggs.
Many species exhibit polyandry , a breeding system in which one female mates with two or more males.
Many species exhibit red, orange, or yellow patches on the head and neck.
Many species exhibit striking colour patterns.
Many species exist, some with wings and some without.
Many species exist.
Many species exude defensive chemicals from the tip of their abdomen.
Many species face extinction, as a result.
Many species feature small rasp like teeth used to pierce their victim.
Many species feed during the larval stage in decaying plant or animal matter.
Many species feed in relatively shallow areas of the continental shelf.
Many species feed on the undersides of leaves.
Many species feed only at night and hide by day.
Many species feed primarily on fruit, while others feed on nectar and pollen.
Many species feed primarily on fruit, while several types feed on nectar and pollen.
Many species feed, swim and nest in groups.
Many species find refuge from high elevation winter snow in the mountain shrub community.
Many species fly in search of blood meals in the evening.
Many species follow ships and seem to frolic about the bow.
Many species form a stalk and lorica.
Many species form clamp connections when in the dikaryotic phase.
Many species form large, conspicuous colonies by asexual reproduction.
Many species form smaller groups of several dozen to several hundred.
Many species found in the park are typical of southern areas.
Many species freely hybridize with each other, making classification extremely difficult.
Many species gain additional nutrition from symbiotic zooxanthellae.
Many species generally travel great distances from their feeding grounds to the nesting sites.
Many species germinate within a few weeks.
Many species give no care to their eggs or young.
Many species go on farther north for their nesting.
Many species go through molting cycles in tune with seasonal changes.
Many species grow faster and bigger when they get more of the stuff.
Many species grow on trunks and branches of trees and on rocks in tropical places.
Many species grow well throughout Georgia.
Many species hang from branches at head level or above.
Many species have a black stripe running from the eye to the base of the long, sharp bill.
Many species have a comment on their taxonomic position.
Many species have a hardened row of the tail-fin.
Many species have a heavy armor of cellulose plates, often encrusted with silica.
Many species have a lot of individual variation.
Many species have a pair of short projections at the rear end .
Many species have a pair of short projections at the rear end.
Many species have a sclerotized distal ejaculatory duct.
Many species have a sense of sight, with eyes or eyespots on the head.
Many species have a tail and a membrane between their legs.
Many species have a weak point in their a tail.
Many species have a widespread distribution.
Many species have acute ability to smell .
Many species have adaptations that utilise colour change to rapidly increase body temperature.
Many species have adaptations to thaw out faster such as a change in colour.
Many species have an immature plumage and an adult plumage.
Many species have areas of colored skin on the face .
Many species have areas of colored skin on the face.
Many species have attractive, often brightly coloured foliage, flowers and fruits.
Many species have black markings on their heads or wings.
Many species have both males and females and internal fertilization.
Many species have broad bands of colour, the patterns helping to distinguish different species.
Many species have broad, flat, relatively bony skulls.
Many species have cheek pouches and brightly coloured buttocks.
Many species have combs, wattles, and naked areas of bare skin around the eyes.
Many species have common names only in local languages.
Many species have compound leaves consisting of numerous leaflets.
Many species have different summer and winter ranges.
Many species have distinctive horns or other processes.
Many species have edible shoots in spring and their canes make good plant supports.
Many species have fire-resistant leaves or bark.
Many species have frontal appendages, commonly called horns or antlers.
Many species have gas-filled floats.
Many species have iridescent coloration.
Many species have just one chloroplast that covers nearly the whole space of the cell's interior.
Many species have latex or buttressed roots.
Many species have long flower spikes.
Many species have long tails, crests, and large bills.
Many species have long wings that cover the body.
Many species have metallic-coloured bodies, and heavily tinted wings.
Many species have minimum, maximum, and optimum temperatures at which they germinate.
Many species have more than one image for scenic variety.
Many species have multiple images for design variety.
Many species have multiple images.
Many species have oil glands on the stem at the node of submersed leaves.
Many species have one predominant, nearly ubiquitous haplotype and numerous unique ones.
Many species have other florets on the rachilla, the upper or lower of some being sterile.
Many species have poison glands in their skin.
Many species have red eyes.
Many species have relatively long and slender stems with large flowers.
Many species have scales that are colorful and patterned with complex markings.
Many species have seasonal changes in the colour of their legs and bill during the mating season.
Many species have several hairs located on the snout, jaws, and chin.
Many species have sexual dimorphism , while in others the sexes look nearly identical.
Many species have sexual dimorphism, while in others the sexes look nearly identical.
Many species have short stems and most leaves are basal, sometimes forming dense tussocks.
Many species have since become extinct or endangered.
Many species have small, plantlike tufts on their skin.
Many species have smooth , brightly patterned , skin that almost looks enameled .
Many species have smooth, brightly patterned, skin that almost looks enameled.
Many species have so-called sex chromosomes that determine the gender of each organism.
Many species have specific differences from all others.
Many species have spectacular jewel-like blooms.
Many species have spots or bands on the wings, or red spots on the body.
Many species have subtle, but distinctive banded coloration in the abdominal area.
Many species have the first pair of thoracic appendages modified into claws and pincers.
Many species have the peculiar habit of hiding in the body cavity of sea cucumbers.
Many species have their best growth in a relatively rootbound environment.
Many species have tremendous variability throughout their range.
Many species have two kinds of female flower in the same urn or synconium, viz.
Many species have two litters each year, while others have only one.
Many species have unusual ornamentation, such as horns, spines, or wings.
Many species have urticating spines, which in a few, can deliver a very painful sting.
Many species have very similar reflectance signatures across much of the electromagnetic spectrum.
Many species have volatile oils in the leaves meaning that they burn rapidly.
Many species have wingless females.
Many species hibernate at the same location each winter and often enter sheds or houses to do so.
Many species hibernate through the winter months.
Many species increase in enriched waters with depleted oxygen.
Many species indicate the results of human interaction and environmental changes.
Many species inhabit ant, wasp, termite colony nests, caves, animal burrows, and even mines.
Many species inhabit only well aerated streams.
Many species inhabit the coasts and breed on offshore islands or isolated sandbanks.
Many species lack males.
Many species like to drink at mud puddles and congregate where the ground is damp and sunny.
Many species like to play with the water and water bottles.
Many species likewise choose special nursery or hibernation roosts.
Many species line the cell to protect the developing bee.
Many species line the nest with greenery before the eggs are laid.
Many species listed here are present in substantial numbers in other parts of their range.
Many species live among the aquatic vegetation.
Many species live as mated pairs and have territories while others school in large numbers.
Many species live at the margins of cold mountain streams or alpine snowfields and glaciers.
Many species live by water.
Many species live far out at sea, only coming to the coast to spawn.
Many species live in burrows in the ground, and most are nocturnal.
Many species live in burrows they dig or claim and defend from other animals.
Many species live in caves, crevices, mines and tunnels.
Many species live in flocks, although some are typically solitary.
Many species live in pods.
Many species live in social groups, from the great apes to fish and insects.
Many species live in soil feeding on seeds or roots or in decaying wood.
Many species live in trees to escape predation.
Many species live primarily on a diet of plant matter, both living and decaying.
Many species living in highly fragmented landscapes have high turnover rate of local populations.
Many species make complicated webs to trap prey and give themselves protection.
Many species make excellent fodder bank components.
Many species make tiny squeaks that people can hear if they hold an ant close enough.
Many species merely allow the nematode to survive until a more susceptible host becomes available.
Many species migrate between seasons.
Many species migrate from the northern hemisphere to the southern hemisphere each year.
Many species migrate north and south with the seasons.
Many species migrate south and produce offspring.
Many species migrate to avoid adverse conditions.
Many species migrate to their breeding grounds.
Many species migrate to warmer southern climates during the long winter months.
Many species migrate vertically on a diurnal basis d.
Many species mimic ants, and all have complex visual courtship and threat displays.
Many species move into shallower waters at night.
Many species move their head, wings or body part as an indication to female birds.
Many species nest here including the endangered piping plover and roseate tern.
Many species nest in large colonies on isolated islands.
Many species nest very near to wasp, bees, or hornets nests to thwart predators.
Many species now occupy small areas in a restricted type of habitat.
Many species obtain moisture from the food they consume.
Many species occupy very small areas, often as relict populations of once greater abundance.
Many species occur primarily in particular vegetation types.
Many species occurring in intermountain wetlands are dependent on wetland dynamics.
Many species only come here in the winter or on a migratory stop to regions further south.
Many species only occur in the highest alpine zones.
Many species only send up one frond or leaf-blade per year.
Many species pass through several generations found at the water surface.
Many species possess a dorsal fin.
Many species possess grapnel or stinging hairs.
Many species possess pallial tentacles, which contain tactile and chemoreception cells.
Many species possess potent neurotoxic venom.
Many species possess urtricating hairs that work like porcupine quills to be thrown at predators.
Many species prefer forest habitats.
Many species prefer rocky ground or well-drained slopes.
Many species prefer the consistent current of a round tank to other more static systems.
Many species prefer to build their nests in thorny plants to discourage climbing predators.
Many species prey heavily on adult mosquitoes.
Many species produce a white oily substance in large drops among the aerial hyphae.
Many species produce antibiotic compounds which kill other microorganisms.
Many species produce berries and are often visually attractive.
Many species produce greenish yellow to bluish soluble pigments in the medium, some are fluorescent.
Many species produce important antibiotics.
Many species produce more young than available habitat can support.
Many species produce odorous balms and resins.
Many species produce their own respective pheromones to attract the opposite sex.
Many species produce toxins both host specific and non-specific.
Many species produce toxins that can be harmful to tank inhabitants.
Many species produce toxins which work against bacteria and other fungi.
Many species produce waxy threads that cover the body.
Many species provide better forage than any single species.
Many species provide only subtle signs of disease.
Many species reach their northern, southern, western, or eastern limits of distribution in Maryland.
Many species react negatively to harnesses that in some way go around the wings.
Many species release their glochidia in clumps shaped like small worms or fish food.
Many species rely on groups or numbers for protection.
Many species rely on skin coloration for protection.
Many species remain hidden for the greater part of their lives.
Many species remain to be discovered.
Many species remain to breed on the valley's lakes and meadows.
Many species reproduce asexually, and for many others sex is optional.
Many species reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis .
Many species reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis.
Many species require a certain kind of forest to survive.
Many species require a diet high in fiber to maintain a healthy cecum.
Many species require an alkaline soil.
Many species require humid environments and the light can actually be very harmful.
Many species require large tracts of unbroken habitat to survive.
Many species require the regenerating vegetation that grows after trees are cut.
Many species require water for all or part of their life cycle.
Many species require wetlands for all or part of their life cycle.
Many species resent heat and can be killed if kept too warm.
Many species respond favorably to increases in light intensity following burning.
Many species respond well to bare-root harvesting.
Many species rest quietly during the day, feeding only at night.
Many species rest, feed and gather strength before continuing their migration.
Many species retain distasteful or poisonous chemicals acquired from their host plants.
Many species retain the egg in the genital tract until it is ready to hatch, and lay it then.
Many species secrete poisonous substances from glands to ward off intruders.
Many species seem to be present in large numbers in the deep sea.
Many species serve as intermediate host for helminths.
Many species show alternation of generations.
Many species show an altitude controlled distribution.
Many species show cannibalistic tendencies.
Many species show directional asymmetries, including humans.
Many species show nuclear genome size variation.
Many species show strong sexual dimorphism, having winged females and highly derived wingless males.
Many species show well-developed auditory communication.
Many species sing songs but they lack echolocation capabilities.
Many species sing while on migration.
Many species spend a long time together as couples.
Many species spend a year or more in the larval stage.
Many species spend most of their time lying on the ocean bottom.
Many species stay active year round.
Many species stay alive by being difficult for predators to spot.
Many species stop at the lagoon while on migration from north to south along the coastal flyway.
Many species stop off in Block Island on their way south.
Many species stop to rest and to feed on wild rice on their journey south.
Many species survive primarily in forests.
Many species survive today in deeper waters.
Many species swarm simultaneously, even if their colonies are separated by long distances.
Many species swim readily.
Many species thrash about violently when disturbed to scare away potential predators.
Many species tolerate alkaline soils.
Many species tolerate moisture stress best during the winter cool season after they are established.
Many species travel long distances by 'ballooning' on long threads of silk.
Many species travel long distances to spawn.
Many species undergo varying degrees and methods of exploitation.
Many species use artificial nest boxes because they mimic natural cavities.
Many species use caves for all or part of their lifecycles.
Many species use it to trap insects in webs , although there are many species that hunt freely.
Many species use it to trap insects in webs, although there are also many species that hunt freely.
Many species use odorous secretions to mark the boundaries of their territory.
Many species use pheromones to identify their territory boundaries.
Many species use several tree hollows.
Many species use shallow waters of lakes or rivers as spawning habitat either in the spring or fall.
Many species use shoreline areas for breeding, migration and development.
Many species use shrubs and trees for protection from predators as well as the weather.
Many species use smell to communicate with each other.
Many species use the reefs as protected areas to have and raise young.
Many species use their species-specific flash pattern to court mates.
Many species use visual cues to locate fruits, seeds, and insects.
Many species vary considerably, and others intergrade maddeningly.
Many species vigorously resprout after shoots are consumed by flames.
Many species wander in response to the availability of food.
Many species yield edible fruits or are cultivated for their beauty and fragrance.
Many species yield essential oils.
Many species yield good timber.
Many species yield powerful poi- sons, sometimes of great medicinal value.
Many species yield valuable timber, others oils, kino, etc.
More species are of no direct benefit to humans.
More species are on the way at an accelerating rate.
More species await description.
More species belong to the arthropods than to any other animal group.
More species come in all the time.
More species exist in the region than in most places, but more species have also gone extinct.
Most species usually come ashore at night, most often at high tide.
Most species adapt well to captivity.
Most species also bear toxicysts that are most likely used to capture and stun prey.
Most species also exhibit radical color changes.
Most species also get wings when they are adults.
Most species also grow well in part sun.
Most species also have a glandular sac in the lower throat.
Most species also have a thin, partly clear inner eyelid attached to the bottom lid.
Most species also have relatively small leaf areas to minimize moisture loss.
Most species also have two pairs of antennae and compound eyes.
Most species also share a common shape, being rounded with a broadly spreading crown.
Most species also visit mineral licks where they ingest soil or water.
Most species appear to be gonochorists , with separate male and female individuals.
Most species appear to be gonochorists, with separate male and female individuals.
Most species appear to be restricted to a single genus or species of plants.
Most species appear to have fairly narrow geographic ranges.
Most species appreciate warmth, humidity and partial shade.
Most species are able to hide the whole head, limbs and tail.
Most species are able to survive in a variety of habitats.
Most species are active during or immediately following precipitation.
Most species are active in the morning and afternoon hours.
Most species are also very vocal to express alarm and aggression.
Most species are annual or perennial herbs or woody dwarf shrubs.
Most species are aquatic, though several are terrestrial.
Most species are at least moderately frost hardy if they are dry at the root.
Most species are available in unrelated stock.
Most species are basically terrestrial but capable of climbing.
Most species are bioluminescent.
Most species are bottom dwelling and many live in tubes or cases in the substrate.
Most species are bottomdwellers, with intricate colour patterns used to conceal the fish.
Most species are brown, black, or black with four yellow or orange spots.
Most species are capable of swimming by moving their body from side to side.
Most species are carnivorous and the majority are important consumers of insects.
Most species are carnivorous.
Most species are cellulose decomposers.
Most species are collected after two hours, but complete extraction takes two-three days.
Most species are commensal in animal intestines but some are free-living in stagnant fresh water.
Most species are common and feed on algae or dead plant matter.
Most species are common.
Most species are compatible with goldfish and koi and make interesting additions to ponds.
Most species are considered weeds .
Most species are considered weeds.
Most species are dark brown often with bluish or greenish markings.
Most species are dark colored or reddish brown.
Most species are dark colored, but a few have bright patterns or even metallic colors.
Most species are dark red, brown, or black.
Most species are denizens of higher elevations in the Andes and prefer cooler temperatures.
Most species are dependable and can flower season after season.
Most species are dichromatic, meaning they have ruddy brown and grayish color phases.
Most species are egg layers, but some deliver live young in clear, cocoon-like sacs.
Most species are egg-layers, but some are ovoviviparous.
Most species are endangered, primarily due to degradation or loss of their forest habitats.
Most species are entirely colourless to yellow.
Most species are erect bushy plants.
Most species are especially fond of ants and honey.
Most species are eukaryotes.
Most species are evergreen, with simple, microphyllous leaves.
Most species are extinct.
Most species are fairly small and inhabit the cooler waters of the northern hemisphere.
Most species are forest dwellers, but some occur on the Argentine pampas or in the Andes.
Most species are found in many of the temperate and sub-tropical regions of the world.
Most species are found in South America , eastern Asia , southern Asia and New Guinea .
Most species are found in tropical seas, some are temperate and a few are cold-water species.
Most species are found on Madagascar, although others inhabit west-central Africa.
Most species are free- No.
Most species are free of insect and disease problems.
Most species are free-living herbivores, bacteriovores or predators.
Most species are free-living heterotrophs.
Most species are free-living in freshwater habitats, a few are parasitic.
Most species are free-living, although some are parasitic.
Most species are free-living.
Most species are free-ranging in natural habitat enclosures and breed.
Most species are frost hardy and grow if an early fall frost is followed by warm weather.
Most species are frost tender or only marginally frost hardy.
Most species are frost tolerant.
Most species are generalists that are tolerant of turbid water.
Most species are good sized plants but some are also small and great for the shady rock garden.
Most species are gregarious to some extent.
Most species are grey or brown, although zebras and young tapirs are striped.
Most species are grown from bulbs, although some have rhizomes .
Most species are hairy and coarse, and bear alternate leaves.
Most species are hardy and very valuable park trees.
Most species are hardy in the northern and middle states.
Most species are harmless, but some species have the potential to cause infections.
Most species are heavily armed with spines.
Most species are herbivorous, but some are omnivorous, and a few are predacious.
Most species are herbivorous.
Most species are herbs or sub-shrubs.
Most species are hermaphrodites .
Most species are hermaphrodites, even capable of self-fertilization.
Most species are hermaphrodites.
Most species are heterotrophs that actively hunt bacteria, other protists, and detritus.
Most species are highly social and migrating flocks can be large.
Most species are highly social creatures that live in colonies.
Most species are highly specialized for their environments and evolve as the environments change.
Most species are host- specific.
Most species are important for their conservation and wildlife value in their native range.
Most species are indicative for humid to wet environments.
Most species are insect and disease resistant, making pesticides and herbicide usage unnecessary.
Most species are intermediate.
Most species are intolerant or facultative.
Most species are known by the common name willowherbs for their willow-like leaves.
Most species are known to cover great distances.
Most species are land-based and feed on organic matter, although there are a few parasitic species.
Most species are large, with lightly patterned wings, and the abdomen is long and thin.
Most species are leaf litter dwellers, nesting in rotten wood.
Most species are less than one meter long.
Most species are light tan to dark brown in color.
Most species are long-tongued and have a rapid, darting flight.
Most species are marine and live on the sea floor, with nearly a worldwide distribution.
Most species are marine but several are found in freshwater.
Most species are marine, but a few are found in freshwater habitats.
Most species are marine, but many freshwater species and a few terrestrial forms are known.
Most species are marine, but there are also many freshwater and terrestrial species.
Most species are marine.
Most species are mature when they are just a few months old.
Most species are microscopic and live in lakes, ponds, and streams.
Most species are mildly poisonous, but the most common species are usually safe.
Most species are monoecious with a few dioecious species found.
Most species are more common on clay than on sandy soils.
Most species are more specific about what they eat.
Most species are most active in the early morning and late afternoon.
Most species are motile.
Most species are native to Asia, but some also occur in Europe, Northern Africa, and North America.
Most species are native to eastern North America.
Most species are native to North America .
Most species are native to South Africa , and are grown as potted plants elsewhere.
Most species are neotropical, but there are a few in North America and one each in Europe and Japan.
Most species are night-active.
Most species are no more a few millimeters long.
Most species are nocturnal and all require moisture at all times.
Most species are nocturnal or crepuscular.
Most species are nocturnal, although some become active during rainy or damp weather.
Most species are nocturnal, but some are active during and following rain.
Most species are nocturnal, effective climbers and energy efficient.
Most species are nocturnal.
Most species are observed under canopies of broad-leaf deciduous forests.
Most species are omnivorous feeding on dead or living plant and animal matter.
Most species are omnivorous, usually preferring a diet of insects and carrion.
Most species are on the Western Palearctic list.
Most species are only active at night, dusk and dawn, spending their days in dark caves.
Most species are Palearctic or Nearctic.
Most species are parasitic in vertebrates and some can cause disease.
Most species are parasitic on grasses, insects, or other fungi.
Most species are passive stingers.
Most species are patterned with dark diamonds, rhombuses or hexagons on a lighter background.
Most species are perennial bunch growers, but some form sods.
Most species are perennial herbs, but there are some shrubs and a few annuals.
Most species are perennials living in dry, especially rocky, places and are xerophytic.
Most species are phytophagous , feeding on flowers .
Most species are phytophagous, feeding on flowers.
Most species are picky eaters, often dining exclusively on one species of plant.
Most species are pollinated at night by bats and very large moths.
Most species are polygamous to various degrees.
Most species are polygynous, and males use their antlers in combat to obtain and defend females.
Most species are powerful flyers though there are several flightless species.
Most species are predatory on smaller invertebrates.
Most species are predatory, eating mollusks and the like.
Most species are predatory, particularly on insects that are often pests of agriculture.
Most species are primarily herbivorous.
Most species are primarily terrestrial, but some are arboreal, fossorial, or semiaquatic.
Most species are probably non-pathogenic, but the remainder more than make up for their fellows.
Most species are promiscuous and breed in the spring or throughout the year in southern latitudes.
Most species are quite active and move through the hair rapidly when disturbed.
Most species are quite large, colorful and with tails on the hindwings.
Most species are quite translucent except for small black chromatophores and the pair of black eyes.
Most species are rare in the assemblages.
Most species are rather quarrelsome among each other.
Most species are rather small and have much the same biology.
Most species are restricted to very small ranges, including some only found on individual mountains.
Most species are saprobes, and some are parasites.
Most species are saprobic but a few are parasitic.
Most species are saprobic.
Most species are sedentary living in pairs or small groups outside of the breeding season.
Most species are sexually dimorphic, the males being smaller than females.
Most species are sexually mature at age two or three years and have a maximum age of three years.
Most species are sexually mature at half that size though.
Most species are short-lived.
Most species are shrubs or small trees, although a few are large trees or herbs.
Most species are similar in feeding habits and reproduction.
Most species are single-celled, although a few are weakly colonial.
Most species are slow moving bottom feeders.
Most species are slow-moving creatures with a high, domed shell.
Most species are small and dull in colour, but some are brightly coloured.
Most species are small to medium in size and highly colorful in plumage.
Most species are small, and are usually well camouflaged or well-hidden.
Most species are small, but a few are quite big and misbehave when they feel threatened.
Most species are small, peaceful, and colorful, and make good additions to a community tank.
Most species are small.
Most species are smaller and relatively innocuous.
Most species are social, living in flocks outside of the nesting season.
Most species are solitary, but others live in stable social groups.
Most species are solitary, but some are often found in groups.
Most species are subject to dehydration.
Most species are susceptible to the fungoid disease, Dutch elm disease.
Most species are terrestrial , but arboreal and semi-aquatic monitors are also known .
Most species are terrestrial but a few are arboreal.
Most species are terrestrial but some are epiphytic and a few are aquatic.
Most species are terrestrial but some are highly aquatic.
Most species are terrestrial, but arboreal and semi-aquatic monitors are also known.
Most species are terrestrial, but many are aquatic.
Most species are terrestrial, but T. celebensis also occurs in trees and vines.
Most species are testaceous with more or less distinct rows of black punctures on the elytra.
Most species are tetraploids, but there are many hexaploids and possible some octoploids.
Most species are thought to mate at or near the seafloor.
Most species are tolerant of different soils, as long as the mix provides excellent drainage.
Most species are too small to be seen without a microscope.
Most species are transmitted by insects.
Most species are tropical in distribution, and a slight majority are found only in forests.
Most species are tropical or arid land species.
Most species are tropical, although ferns are a component of all but the driest ecosystems on earth.
Most species are tropical, but a few occur in Europe and North America.
Most species are tropical, but there are many arctic species as well.
Most species are tropical.
Most species are unbranched, but some do display branching in the upper part of the plant.
Most species are unicellular but colonies can occur.
Most species are univoltine or multivoltine, but a some are semivoltine.
Most species are univoltine.
Most species are variably host specific.
Most species are without scales.
Most species are woody vines.
Most species are xerophytes.
Most species are, apparently, restricted to the entrance to twilight areas.
Most species associate in flocks of varying sizes throughout the year .
Most species associate in flocks of varying sizes throughout the year.
Most species attach drag-lines of silk to the substrate at intervals wherever they go.
Most species attach the eggs to the substrate, shells or man-made objects.
Most species avoid confrontation by hiding underground or underwater.
Most species avoid flying over open water.
Most species bear a stiff, spinulose medial projection from the anal plate.
Most species bear their flowers in panicles.
Most species become dormant during the winter.
Most species become endangered because of human-caused elimination of their habitat.
Most species belong to the Ascomycota.
Most species breed on islands further to the north, heading south and offshore for the winter.
Most species breed, travel, forage, migrate, and winter in groups.
Most species build a nest, but some birds build no nest, e.g., killdeer.
Most species can co-exist with human activity.
Most species can exhibit classic 'boom and bust cycles'.
Most species can handle limited water flow.
Most species can mature in a few weeks or months if conditions are good.
Most species can only survive on a few types of plants.
Most species can produce several batches of eggs during their lifetime.
Most species can spray multiple times, if necessary.
Most species can survive for more than one year without feeding.
Most species can switch from one type of movement to another as the surface requires.
Most species can tolerate a moderate amount of traffic, however, especially when they are older.
Most species carry out long migrations each year between the breeding and feeding areas.
Most species chew their prey, sometimes dipping it in water.
Most species come from South America.
Most species complete one generation per year.
Most species complete one or two generations during the growing season.
Most species complete the live cycle in a month to a year.
Most species complete their life cycle within one year.
Most species construct burrows.
Most species construct their loose, flat, platform-style nests high in the branches of swamp trees.
Most species cure naturally, so growth from a previous season is palatable for livestock.
Most species currently used in aquaculture are dioecious.
Most species deposit their eggs around ponds, streams, swamps, etc.
Most species eat animals, including small mammals, fishes, reptiles, amphibians, and insects.
Most species eat aquatic animals and insects, and some feed on carrion.
Most species eat bacteria or other protozoans, but some can absorb nutrients dissolved in the water.
Most species eat fish, shellfish, and cephalopods.
Most species eat insects and spiders , although several species on islands feed mostly on plants .
Most species eat invertebrates.
Most species eat large amounts of invertebrates such as worms, insects and snails.
Most species eat large insects such as beetles, but some prey on small reptiles.
Most species eat mussels and other mollusks, or shellfish.
Most species eat plants or detritus, with the spectacular exception of the predatory praying mantis.
Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil .
Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of mud or exposed soil.
Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil .
Most species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil.
Most species enclose their eggs in a silken sac and guard the eggs and young.
Most species exhibit both, to a greater or lesser degree.
Most species exhibit no directional change during their tenure on earth.
Most species exhibit no directional change during their tenure on Earth.
Most species exist for a limited period of geological time and then become extinct.
Most species feed at dusk and during early night hours.
Most species feed either on conifers or broadleaf plants, few on herbs and grasses.
Most species feed heavily on foliage along field margins while some prefer the flowers.
Most species feed off food that is stirred up as the waves break.
Most species feed on a wide diversity of low-growing herbaceous growth.
Most species feed on detritus.
Most species feed on dry dung.
Most species feed on either warm or cold-blooded animals and birds are often the host.
Most species feed on foliage, twigs, and other succulent vegetation in summer and on bark in winter.
Most species feed on fruit.
Most species feed on soft corals, anemones or hydroids.
Most species feed on tiny pieces of organic matter and on other microorganisms, such as bacteria.
Most species feed upon small creatures such as insects.
Most species float in rivers, lakes, reservoirs, and creeks.
Most species fly during the day, with some being active into dusk.
Most species form flocks of up to twenty or more birds.
Most species found in cultivation are originally from Asia or South America.
Most species give birth to living young and the young build up very rapidly.
Most species give birth to one young per year.
Most species go extinct because of human activity.
Most species go extinct.
Most species go through a complete molting once a year.
Most species go through four larval instars .
Most species grow best when given some midday shade or afternoon shade.
Most species grow best where the soil never completely dries out.
Most species grow in hot, dry regions especially in Mexico and the Southwestern United States.
Most species grow in hot, dry regions, especially in Mexico and the Southwestern United States.
Most species grow in temperate and tropical areas.
Most species grow in wet environments.
Most species grow near tropical and subtropical shores below the low-tide mark .
Most species grow near tropical and subtropical shores below the low-tide mark.
Most species grow on rocks, but at least two float offshore in huge masses.
Most species grow slowly and mature late.
Most species grow slowly and mature very late.
Most species grow to become large trees, but several types remain small.
Most species grow to substantial size.
Most species grow well in sun or shade, but evergreen species prefer some shade.
Most species grown in Iowa are species introduced from east and central Asia.
Most species have a breathing tube known as a siphon attached to their tails.
Most species have a coiled shell, symmetrical cap, or no shell at all.
Most species have a colorful patch of bare skin around each eye.
Most species have a complex life cycle of one year or more.
Most species have a conspicuous keel or ridge between the legs which extends backward into a point.
Most species have a direct life cycle and parasitize the intestine.
Most species have a dozen to two dozen offspring.
Most species have a drab or mottled brown coloration.
Most species have a gestation of about a month, with the swamp rabbit being a notable exception.
Most species have a gray or black back, a paler belly, and various bands and stripes on the sides.
Most species have a long lifespan.
Most species have a lovely scent when in flower.
Most species have a mild temperament and bite only when accidentally pressed against skin.
Most species have a narrow bill , but otherwise the form and length are quite variable .
Most species have a narrow bill, but otherwise the form and length are quite variable.
Most species have a narrow range of optimal temperatures.
Most species have a nuchal and dorsal crest which runs down the back similar to the water dragons.
Most species have a number of different biological clocks.
Most species have a one-year life cycle.
Most species have a pale ring around the eye.
Most species have a relatively short rostrum, and the orbits are large.
Most species have a simple life cycle, with the exception of the marine polychaetes.
Most species have a single coiled or spiraled shell.
Most species have a single generation a year, with the egg or nymph overwintering.
Most species have a single pair of eyes in the middle of their heads , oriented horizontally .
Most species have a single pair of eyes in the middle of their heads, oriented horizontally.
Most species have a stylet plus specialized feeding glands and an alimentary tract.
Most species have a three-chambered heart.
Most species have a unique species of louse, but a few species share lice.
Most species have alternation of generations.
Most species have an annual breeding season - spring through summer.
Most species have an elongated right lung and no left lung.
Most species have an external fertilization mode known as amplexus.
Most species have an orange-red colour.
Most species have and display characteristic signs of fear, aggression, and contentment.
Most species have aquatic wormlike larval stages that start as egg masses laid on the water surface.
Most species have black backs and white fronts.
Most species have blue or purple flowers, but there are also shades of pink and yellow.
Most species have blue to purple bell-shaped flowers.
Most species have bright plumage with few differences between the sexes.
Most species have chewing mouthparts.
Most species have color patterns that are some combination of black, white, and gray.
Most species have defense mechanisms to protect themselves against a dominant species or predator.
Most species have ears that are joined by a band of skin across the top of the head.
Most species have experimental or special regulations on some waters.
Most species have eyes with elliptical pupils that can open wide or close down very narrowly.
Most species have five arms coming from a central disk.
Most species have five arms, but there are sea stars with ten, twenty or even forty arms.
Most species have five rows of tube feet extending from mouth to anus .
Most species have fluffy white fur on the underside of the tail.
Most species have four fingers on the front limbs and five toes on the hind.
Most species have four legs, but a few that live in water lack hind legs.
Most species have four toes, three of which are forward-pointing.
Most species have irregular colour markings consisting of spots of different sizes and colours.
Most species have just one per capsule.
Most species have large, showy flowers and attack a variety of tree hosts.
Most species have large, showy, solitary flowers.
Most species have leaves or fronds that are subdivided into many smaller leaflets.
Most species have leaves that are bitterly aromatic.
Most species have legs that are slightly longer than their arms.
Most species have little hair.
Most species have live birth, but a few marsupials lay eggs.
Most species have methods to avoid inbreeding.
Most species have mixed feeding habits.
Most species have monomorphic workers, but in some the workers are polymorphic.
Most species have multiple requirements for amino acids and vitamins.
Most species have mychorrizal associations with soil fungi .
Most species have narrow ecological preferences and are endemic to a single island.
Most species have no compound eyes but they often have antennae.
Most species have numerous subspecies.
Most species have one generation a year, over-wintering in the soil.
Most species have one generation per year.
Most species have only one generation per year.
Most species have only one offspring per year.
Most species have populations and size structures that are in good shape.
Most species have purple lines on the petals.
Most species have relatively long life cycles and complete only one or two generations per year.
Most species have rhizoids that attach the gametophytes to the soil and absorb water and minerals.
Most species have roots which protrude above the surface of the water.
Most species have slightly succulent foliage.
Most species have smooth, lustrous leaf surfaces and generally slightly toothed margins.
Most species have specialized breathing siphons at the 'tail' end of their bodies.
Most species have spiny leaf margins.
Most species have splendid colours.
Most species have three jaws equipped with small, sharp teeth.
Most species have two pairs of wings.
Most species have two sexes - male and female .
Most species have two sexes - male and female.
Most species have two small, white or yellow spots on top of their heads.
Most species have two spurs on middle and hind tibiae.
Most species have two tibial spurs on the middle or hind legs.
Most species have venomous appendages on their sides .
Most species have venomous appendages on their sides.
Most species have very little tolerance to drought and are restricted in moist and protected areas.
Most species have very specialized diets - some eat only a single type of algae.
Most species have vivid plumage in bold patterns, and many are crested.
Most species have white undersides.
Most species hide during the day, feed at night, and commonly fly to lights.
Most species hide in cracks, dark areas or webs.
Most species hide in cracks, darkened areas, or other retreats which they construct of silk.
Most species hide under stones, logs, boards, rubbish, and the loose bark of fallen trees and posts.
Most species hold their wings above the abdomen when they are resting.
Most species however nest on remote islands or inhospitable sea cliffs.
Most species however spin much more substantial cocoons or egg-sacs to hold the eggs safe.
Most species hybridize freely.
Most species impart a distinctive fragrance.
Most species inhabit cold waters.
Most species inhabit moist areas rich in organic matter.
Most species inhabit the bottom of quiet fresh waters.
Most species inhabit the upper few hundred metres of the ocean.
Most species keep their nest in an area hidden by very dense vegetation.
Most species kill their hosts , though some cause the hosts to become sterile and less active .
Most species kill their hosts, though some cause the hosts to become sterile and less active.
Most species lack palpi.
Most species lack pectoral and pelvic fins , adding to their serpentine appearance.
Most species lack scales over most of the body, making it smooth and slippery.
Most species leave the water during the morning, but hawkers do so under cover of darkness.
Most species live for a year or two.
Most species live for a year.
Most species live for many decades and take several years to reach sexual maturity.
Most species live for only one year.
Most species live in colonies.
Most species live in forests and some spend their entire life in the trees.
Most species live in forests or woodland habitats .
Most species live in forests or woodland habitats.
Most species live in groups.
Most species live in humid forests, though there are some exceptions.
Most species live in marine environments.
Most species live in marshes or near water , because there their larvae have more than enough food .
Most species live in marshes or near water, because there their larvae have more than enough food.
Most species live in nests called 'forms'.
Most species live in open areas, but some live in forests.
Most species live in relatively shallow water, although some are deep dwelling.
Most species live in relatively shallow waters although some species are deep dwelling.
Most species live in shallow water.
Most species live in small colonies, usually underground, often in an old mousehole.
Most species live in subtropical and tropical regions .
Most species live in subtropical and tropical regions.
Most species live in the darkest, dampest parts of boreal conifer forests.
Most species live in the ocean .
Most species live in the ocean.
Most species live in the sea, Some in fresh water and even less in brackish water.
Most species live in the tropics, mainly in rainforest.
Most species live in tropical and temperate oceans throughout the world.
Most species live in tropical waters, but several live in polar waters.
Most species live in warm tropical or subtropical waters.
Most species live in warm water.
Most species live near open, rocky areas.
Most species live on land , though some live in trees .
Most species live on land, though some live in trees.
Most species live on plants, others tunnel or burrow, some swim.
Most species live on the sea floor but a few are planktonic.
Most species live on the surface of the ground and many are flightless.
Most species live one year, but some survive longer.
Most species live within foliage or flower blossoms and are well-camouflaged.
Most species lose the byssus as they grow larger.
Most species lose their foliage for a brief period each year, usually in midsummer.
Most species make their nests on bare ground or in the grass.
Most species mature within a year.
Most species migrate at a rate somewhere between their normal and top speeds.
Most species naturally occur on muddy or marshy lake shores and intertidal zones of beaches.
Most species never build up population sizes large enough to be considered pests.
Most species occur in avian or rodent hosts.
Most species occur in Mexico.
Most species occur in North America.
Most species occur in schools in inshore seas, with some found in estuaries or freshwater systems.
Most species occur in shallow waters, but soem are found at great depths.
Most species occur in South America and New Zealand.
Most species occur in the tropics.
Most species occur on living or dead plants.
Most species occur on trees for at least part of their life cycle.
Most species occur outdoors on plants, or under bark, stones or dead leaves.
Most species occurring in Tasmania give birth to live young.
Most species offish and wildlife are healthy and abundant, in some cases too abundant.
Most species only change sex once in their development.
Most species open their stomata during the day to avoid overheating.
Most species pass the winter as eggs.
Most species pass through egg, larval, and mature stages.
Most species pass through six nymphal stages.
Most species play roles as both consumer and resource.
Most species populate regions in the tundra or taiga.
Most species posses both a trophozoite and cyst stages although exceptions occur.
Most species prefer a deep, fertile soil that is moist but free-draining.
Most species prefer clean water.
Most species prefer dead wood, but some termites feed on living trees.
Most species prefer evenly moist soils in woodland garden conditions.
Most species prefer loose soil that is moderately moist as found in a well-watered lawn or garden.
Most species prefer many caves, rocks, and crevices to hide in.
Most species prefer moist environments, some semi-aquatic.
Most species prefer moist, well-drained soils and partial shade to full sun.
Most species prefer open, brushy, or cultivated areas but some frequent marshes, swamps, or deserts.
Most species prefer partial shade to full sun.
Most species prefer sandy areas, and many stridulate.
Most species prefer slow-moving or stagnant water in which to lay their eggs.
Most species prefer to feed on new plant growth.
Most species prefer to live at the edge between two types of vegetation.
Most species probably store uric acid or purine bases in some form.
Most species produce capsules as the fruit.
Most species produce far more offspring than can possibly survive.
Most species produce fleshy roots, rootstocks, corms, or bulbs.
Most species produce light-responsive seeds and germination is under phytochrome control.
Most species produce many generations in a season.
Most species produce monophialides, that is, phialides that produce conidia from one opening only.
Most species produce much slime on carbohydrate media.
Most species produce paired eggsacks .
Most species produce urine which appears anechoic or black on ultrasound examination.
Most species raise one brood per year.
Most species reach their greatest population densitites and do the most damage by midsummer.
Most species rely on active echolocation for orientation in space and tracking their prey.
Most species rely upon some kind of pollination vector to accomplish pollination.
Most species remain hidden under bark or in leaf litter and require relatively high humidity.
Most species remain on the host only long enough to feed.
Most species reproduce every year.
Most species reproduce only once every two years, and pregnancy typically lasts a year.
Most species reproduce using external fertilization.
Most species require a buffer or some small amount of sample preparation.
Most species require cross-pollination to set seed.
Most species require soft, slightly acid water to breed.
Most species retract their tentacles and introvert quickly following a tactile stimulus.
Most species roost in moderate-sized groups, but some are solitary.
Most species run through their entire life cycle in about a year.
Most species seem to adapt.
Most species seem to be gregarious and to have ex- clusively nocturnal habits.
Most species seem to make the journey without eating, stopping only to rest at night.
Most species seen in an area are residents.
Most species select a particular suite of habitat features.
Most species show differences in size, but all are marked differently.
Most species start out as aquatic tadpoles and metamorphose into land-living animals.
Most species suck out the contents of insect bodies and discard the exoskeleton.
Most species survive the winter as eggs or adults.
Most species tend to occur in aggregations.
Most species tend to specialise in just one approach.
Most species travel in flocks of about five to forty.
Most species try to dominate their sites through all sorts of means.
Most species undergo submarine pollination and complete their entire life cycle underwater.
Some species always extend polyps.
Some species frequently branch at the nodes as well, while in others branching is rare or absent.
Some species often hide in cargo and are easily spread by commerce.
Some specie are difficult to cut.
Some specie require lead time.
Some species absorb what's needed and excrete the rest without ever absorbing the unneeded portion.
Some species actually benefit from interaction with humans.
Some species actually help to control unwanted pests.
Some species actually keep and protect the aphids and care for their eggs.
Some species adapt and change.
Some species adapt much more rapidly to new conditions than others.
Some species add a ring of growth to their vertebrae every year.
Some species affect the central nervous system causing hallucinations and sometimes leading to coma.
Some species aggregate in enormous groups of several hundreds or thousands.
Some species also climb into trees, shrubs, and crop plants looking for prey.
Some species also consume anglerfish .
Some species also deposit their eggs in bromeliads.
Some species also display self-fertilization, or selfing.
Some species also eat grasses, succulents, other green vegetation and insects.
Some species also eat pollen and fungal spores.
Some species also eat small vertebrates like fish, frogs, mice, or even other smaller bats.
Some species also extend as far north as China.
Some species also exude a venom that blisters the skin and others emit an offensive odor.
Some species also exude a venom that blisters the skin, and others emit an offensive odor.
Some species also feed in daylight hours and others day and night.
Some species also feed on other microscopic creatures.
Some species also have a brief female post-reproductive stage.
Some species also have a fall cycle.
Some species also have an anal opening.
Some species also have different ranges for breed ing.
Some species also have intermediate forms.
Some species also have soft soles that grip rock, similar to a rock climber's rubber shoes.
Some species also have space requirements and benefit greatly from larger tracts of habitat.
Some species also have two size classes - major and minor soldiers.
Some species also have very long life spans.
Some species also hunt small prey, such as insects, lizards, smaller birds and rodents.
Some species also inhabits in South America and Africa.
Some species also live in grassland or forest habitats.
Some species also live in harem groups , with one male, several females, and their common offspring.
Some species also occur at high elevations in the Andes.
Some species also perform elaborate courtship flights.
Some species also produce a smelly and bitter liquid from glands along their sides.
Some species also provide a source of chemical compounds for medicines.
Some species also represent an important natural resource.
Some species also reproduce by producing unisexual and monoecious flowers and seeds.
Some species also reproduce twice in a season.
Some species also require a prior permit and consigned to a licensed breeder.
Some species also scavenge on dead or decaying plants or animals.
Some species also transmit viral diseases of plants.
Some species also use the nest to raise their young until they fledge .
Some species alternate between reproduction methods in succeeding generations.
Some species ambush their prey from tubular tunnels built in the ground or under rocks.
Some species appear carinate.
Some species appear to be frost tolerant.
Some species appear to be monogamous.
Some species appear to be restricted to small order streams or to large rivers.
Some species appear to cohabit tubes made by others.
Some species appear to have a breeding season while other seem to breed all year round.
Some species appear to mate for life.
Some species appear well camouflaged and others are brightly coloured at least to our eyes.
Some species appreciate branches for climbing.
Some species are able to adapt more readily than others.
Some species are able to adapt to a wide range of salinities.
Some species are able to bite humans and inject a venom into the skin.
Some species are able to move on land due to their semi-erect posture.
Some species are able to reproduce with no mate, a function known as parthenogenesis.
Some species are able to roll into a ball when disturbed, hence the name, pillbugs.
Some species are able to roll themselves into a ball to conserve moisture or as a defence mechanism.
Some species are able to stand considerable temperatures .
Some species are able to survive hot water and soap.
Some species are active during the day, while others are active during the night.
Some species are active during the daytime, while others bustle during the night.
Some species are active hunters, while others feed on algae.
Some species are active pollinators.
Some species are adapted to live in brackish water, or water of intermediate salinity.
Some species are adapted to survive long periods of dehydration in their tissues.
Some species are aerial or terrestrial.
Some species are agile climbers so be sure to include a screen top to prevent escape.
Some species are agressive weed species.
Some species are algal-like with green pigments for photosynthesis.
Some species are almost extinct, or have become extremely rare.
Some species are also capable of making a loud, startling, hissing noise using their wings.
Some species are also capable of transmitting plant diseases.
Some species are also clump forming and are deciduous.
Some species are also ground dwellers and are colored accordingly to their surroundings.
Some species are also important in aquaculture as food organisms for juvenile fish and shellfish.
Some species are also migratory, moving with food and water availability.
Some species are also prone to overheating if heat-pads are used.
Some species are also seasonal spawners, even after several generations of captive breeding.
Some species are among the last of their kind on Earth.
Some species are annuals, others, especially the cultivated species, are deciduous shrubs.
Some species are anthropophilic and some are zoophilic.
Some species are aquatic, in freshwater or the sea.
Some species are aquatic, some terrestrial, and others marine.
Some species are aquatic.
Some species are arboreal, with larvae that hunt tree snails.
Some species are arboreal.
Some species are artificially cultured.
Some species are astringent, others acrid or escharotic.
Some species are attributed with high levels of intelligence.
Some species are available commercially for biological control.
Some species are beautifully colored.
Some species are beneficial and are used as a source of shellac, dyes and other materials.
Some species are beneficial because they feed on plants that humans consider to be weeds.
Some species are better suited to certain soil types than others.
Some species are better suited to vertical proportions.
Some species are better tasting than others.
Some species are better than others.
Some species are bioluminescent.
Some species are bisexuals in a much more strict sense of the word.
Some species are black, white and grey, while others have much yellow in their plumage.
Some species are both predator and prey, and judgments of their vulnerability are often subjective.
Some species are brightly colored, and many are difficult to distinguish from one another.
Some species are brilliantly luminescent.
Some species are brought to a new area on purpose.
Some species are bumblebee mimicks.
Some species are called yellow sorrels or pink sorrels after the color of their flowers instead.
Some species are cannibalistic.
Some species are capable of altering their coloration.
Some species are capable of burrowing into the soil to hide and escape from the above-ground heat.
Some species are capable of fixing atmospheric nitrogen.
Some species are capable of producing their own light through bioluminescence .
Some species are capable of self-fertilization.
Some species are carnivorous and others are even parasitic.
Some species are certainly tougher than others.
Some species are chalky white, others are black.
Some species are cleaners all their lives, others only as juveniles.
Some species are colorless, but the vast majority are photosynthetic.
Some species are commensal with hydrozoans, bryozoans and sponges.
Some species are common to rift communities separated by thousands of miles of cold, dark ocean.
Some species are common while others are endangered.
Some species are completely or partially parthenogenetic.
Some species are considered critical for the way they modify their habitat.
Some species are considered pests in their native ranges because they strip fruit orchards.
Some species are considered to be agricultural pests.
Some species are considered to have subspecies as well.
Some species are constrictors, which means they dispatch their prey by suffocation.
Some species are cosmopolitan and are found from coast to coast.
Some species are covered instead by scutes .
Some species are critically endangered.
Some species are cultivated and often escape and become locally abundant.
Some species are decidedly local in distribution.
Some species are deciduous and others evergreen.
Some species are delectable foods.
Some species are dependent on environmental policy in more than one place.
Some species are desert dwellers.
Some species are designed to live where it is very cold.
Some species are destructive to stored products.
Some species are difficult to distinguish in the field, even to experts.
Some species are directly important to the economy, and others are important in an indirect way.
Some species are disguised as birds' droppings resting on a leaf.
Some species are distinctly weedy, especially in overgrazed pastures.
Some species are down to their last few individuals in the wild.
Some species are dull gray or white in color.
Some species are dull gray or white.
Some species are dwarf and grown as houseplants as well.
Some species are easier than others.
Some species are easier to move in the fall when they are restless and preparing to migrate.
Some species are eaten and preferred in special circumstances.
Some species are ectoparasites of man.
Some species are edible but some have been linked to gastrointestinal upsets.
Some species are edible, or are poisonous.
Some species are efficient algae eaters for medium sized tanks.
Some species are employed for their anti-inflammatory properties.
Some species are endangered due to unsustainable logging and other forms of habitat destruction.
Some species are endemic to the longleaf pine-sandhill communities and are found nowhere else.
Some species are entirely dependent upon bees and other insects for the transfer of pollen.
Some species are entirely female.
Some species are epiphytes.
Some species are epiphytic.
Some species are erect, however.
Some species are especially light-colored.
Some species are even capable of running at a high speeds and jumping many feet into the air.
Some species are even hyperparasitoid , with the host itself being another parasitoid insect.
Some species are even more pugnacious than the adults.
Some species are evolving new varieties which have minor differences from their parents, it s true.
Some species are exclusively marine, others inhabit, freshwater systems.
Some species are extinct or nearing extinction, others are very common.
Some species are extremely easy to keep.
Some species are extremely popular garden plants, grown as bedding plants in temperate regions.
Some species are extremely susceptible to grazing even at light intensities.
Some species are fairly common and a few are restricted to small populations.
Some species are famous for the fact that the female tends to eat the male following copulation.
Some species are faster than others.
Some species are filterers or scrapers and there are a few predatory species.
Some species are flattened and can enter rock crevices, others are snake-like with reduced limbs.
Some species are foraminiferan predators, while others appear to eat anything they can catch.
Some species are forestry pests.
Some species are fossorial, others are saltatorial.
Some species are found in Bangladesh and China.
Some species are found in buildings associated with humans.
Some species are found in inland lakes.
Some species are found in land-locked lakes.
Some species are found in more than one region, and others have only a very local occurrence.
Some species are found throughout the world.
Some species are general feeders while others have a more restricted host range.
Some species are generalists taking whatever is available, while others have very specialist diets.
Some species are grey or entirely white.
Some species are ground-dwelling.
Some species are hairy and have a long, thin abdomen.
Some species are hallucinogenic, and many are toxic.
Some species are harder than others.
Some species are hardy.
Some species are heavily dependent on ants for survival and dispersal.
Some species are herbivorous others are predacious.
Some species are hermaphrodites, which have both functional male and female gonads.
Some species are heterotrophic, but many are photosynthetic organisms containing chlorophyll.
Some species are highly aquatic, while others are equally specialized for life in deserts.
Some species are highly destructive to vegetation.
Some species are highly host-specific, but most species feed on a range of different host animals.
Some species are highly pathogenic and are lethal for a high percentage of the humans they infect.
Some species are highly resistant to penetration and are thus unsuitable for preservative treating.
Some species are highly susceptible to epidemic disease while others appear to be immune.
Some species are host and habitat specific.
Some species are host specific and each predator works better under different weather conditions.
Some species are host-specific, while others can utilize a wide variety of fish.
Some species are identified by the color on the tip of their short, thin tail.
Some species are illegal to own under any circumstances, like sharks or electric eels.
Some species are important as timber, tanbark, dyewood, gums, and other commercial products.
Some species are important in the decomposition of plant litter.
Some species are important vectors of plague and other diseases.
Some species are in a much worse state.
Some species are in decline as a result of overfishing.
Some species are infective to humans.
Some species are initially herbivorous, but become carnivorous as they mature.
Some species are invasive weeds.
Some species are Isophyllous while others are Anisophyllous .
Some species are kept as pets .
Some species are kept as pets.
Some species are know to squeak if caught.
Some species are known as parasitic orchids.
Some species are known for being pests for property damage, and others are kept as pets.
Some species are known to consume different types of dung.
Some species are known to eat animals as large as antelope or deer.
Some species are known to eat carrion.
Some species are known to enter brackish water.
Some species are known to lead more stressful lives than others.
Some species are known to use the neurotoxin 'tetrodotoxin' to subdue their prey.
Some species are leaf rollers, web formers, leaf skeletonizers, leaf miners or cause plant galls.
Some species are less abundant due to overfishing, but the species still exists.
Some species are loricate, and some form colonies.
Some species are major food sources for various species of fish.
Some species are marine, a few are parasitic.
Some species are migrant, resident and breeding visitors.
Some species are migratory .
Some species are migratory.
Some species are mixotrophic and many live among freshwater and marine plankton.
Some species are mobile.
Some species are monocarpic , dying after flowering.
Some species are more active in cooler temperatures, drizzle, or high wind than others.
Some species are more adaptable and can find alternative forage sources to augment their diet.
Some species are more difficult to propagate than others.
Some species are more difficult to strip than others.
Some species are more elongated, some spotted and some are striped.
Some species are more flexible than others.
Some species are more likely than others to flick hairs.
Some species are more likely to be fossilized than others.
Some species are more likely to transfer genes than others and here precaution is clearly needed.
Some species are more resistant .
Some species are more resistant to commonly used antimicrobial agents than others.
Some species are more sensational than others.
Some species are morphologically indistinguishable.
Some species are most active at night.
Some species are most active in the evening.
Some species are mottled and speckled.
Some species are mouthbrooders, picking up their eggs for incubation in their throat cavities.
Some species are much more aggressive than others so they go after larger prey.
Some species are much more common in one of the listed seasons than in others.
Some species are much more prone to rot.
Some species are native to rather dry climates that have periods of heavy rainfall.
Some species are native while others are introduced.
Some species are native.
Some species are natural flora in the human intestines.
Some species are neither nomadic, established in a given area, nor on their way south.
Some species are night-blooming.
Some species are nitrogen fixers.
Some species are no longer available in our waters.
Some species are no longer available, and prices for others have soared.
Some species are nocturnal and little is known of their biology.
Some species are nocturnal such as geckos.
Some species are nocturnal, some are diurnal, and others are active day and night.
Some species are nocturnal, some are diurnal, and others are active during both day and night.
Some species are nocturnal.
Some species are notorious spreaders, aiming to take over the entire garden.
Some species are notoriously difficult to care for, but others are quite hardy and versatile.
Some species are notoriously elusive.
Some species are of considerable economic importance.
Some species are omnivores and eat organic debris from decomposed plants or animals.
Some species are omnivores because they eat other insects.
Some species are omnivorous, eating detritus and, when available, smaller tadpoles.
Some species are only active at dusk, while others seek blood meals during daylight hours.
Some species are only available as fair specimens.
Some species are over-planted.
Some species are oviparous , some are ovoviviparous , and a few are viviparous .
Some species are oviparous like most other fish, laying their eggs in the water.
Some species are parasites of birds, mammals, or other vertebrate animals.
Some species are parasites of birds, reptiles and amphibians.
Some species are parasites of plants and animals, ranging from other protozoa to humans.
Some species are parasites on algae, zooplankton, fish or other organisms.
Some species are parasitic on humans.
Some species are parasitic on plants.
Some species are parasitic on various beetles and flies.
Some species are parasitic.
Some species are parasitoids and others cleptoparasites.
Some species are parasitoids of insects.
Some species are parthenogenetic.
Some species are parthenogenic , the females capable of reproducing without copulating with a male.
Some species are particularly important to the health of their ecosystems.
Some species are particularly sensitive to disturbance.
Some species are particularly sensitive to environmental change.
Some species are particularly sensitive to human disturbance.
Some species are particularly well suited for hanging baskets or dish gardens.
Some species are particularly well suited for shaded areas.
Some species are pathogenic, but others are important in food processing such as milk fermenations.
Some species are pathogens of insects and others arc agents of human disease and possibly allergies.
Some species are permanent residents and live and breed in the same region.
Some species are pests .
Some species are pests, damaging flowers and fruit.
Some species are pests.
Some species are planktonic, while others are colonial.
Some species are planted in gardens for their beauty and to attract butterflies .
Some species are planted in gardens for their beauty and to attract butterflies.
Some species are poisonous only during certain stages of growth.
Some species are poisonous to humans, and most species occur in Australia.
Some species are poisonous.
Some species are potentially dangerous to people and other animals.
Some species are predaceous as adults to a limited extent.
Some species are predators whose harpoon-shaped radula carries deadly venom.
Some species are predators, others feed on pollen, fungi, decaying vegetation, or are omnivorous.
Some species are predatory on other insects, especially larvae.
Some species are present in both the forest and in the home gardens, though in a modified form.
Some species are present naturally, but numbers are usually too low to satisfactorily control pests.
Some species are producers, which convert sunlight into chemical energy through photosynthesis.
Some species are prone to fungal infections.
Some species are quite aggressive.
Some species are quite colorful.
Some species are quite dexterous and agile.
Some species are quite edible.
Some species are quite rare and endangered, or unique to Florida.
Some species are quite tiny.
Some species are rapid fliers.
Some species are rare, and others visit only occasionally.
Some species are rather abrasive and dull cutting edges, a good carving timber and turns well.
Some species are redhead, canvasback, ruddy duck, northern pintail, and blue-winged teal.
Some species are relatively easy to mutate, such as poplars.
Some species are relatively more plentiful than others because that is how they occur in nature.
Some species are remarkably adept at burying themselves quickly and deeply.
Some species are remnants from a North American rain forest that ceased to exist long ago.
Some species are responsible for serious human diseases, such as malaria, vectored by mosquitoes.
Some species are restricted to the coast.
Some species are robust and short, others are slender and long.
Some species are said to be venomous.
Some species are said to make stores of food in a terminal chamber of their tunnel.
Some species are saprophytes.
Some species are self-pollinating.
Some species are sensitive towards man made pollutions, other tolerant.
Some species are serious pests of pastures.
Some species are serious pests.
Some species are several millimeters in diameter.
Some species are shaped almost like the liver, from which they get their name.
Some species are siliceous.
Some species are simply more brittle than others.
Some species are single cells , some are multicellular .
Some species are single cells, some are multicellular.
Some species are slow to get started and then kick in.
Some species are slower.
Some species are small enough to be considered reef safe .
Some species are smaller, more translucent, and harder to see.
Some species are so common that they are among the most abundant animals on earth.
Some species are so special as to be unique to Afghanistan.
Some species are social and live in large groups.
Some species are solid green with darker spots.
Some species are solitary while others form colonies of more than a million individuals.
Some species are solitary, some gather in giant groups to mate.
Some species are sources of dyes.
Some species are sources of fiber, edible leaves and seeds.
Some species are specific as to the types of wood they infest, while others are general feeders.
Some species are strictly graminivorous, others are forbivorous and many are mixed feeders.
Some species are strictly herbivorous, while others feed on fishes.
Some species are strong migratory insects in that they are skilled enough to cover wide distances.
Some species are succulent .
Some species are succulent.
Some species are symbiotic with plants.
Some species are synanthropic and can be pestiferous in urban areas.
Some species are terrestrial and live in burrows dug either by other animals or by themselves.
Some species are territorial, while others build their nests closer together.
Some species are territorial.
Some species are the most aggressive fouling organisms and they can be found on docks and boats.
Some species are thermophiles, but many mesophilic species have been isolated as well.
Some species are thought to be declining as a result.
Some species are thought to use either sticky threads or hooked spicules .
Some species are thought to use either sticky threads or hooked spicules.
Some species are tolerant of environmental extremes and disperse widely.
Some species are too porous for barrel-making.
Some species are toxic .
Some species are toxic.
Some species are transparent, others bright orange or translucent white.
Some species are tropical, some require cold water.
Some species are truly aquatic in their habits and are excellent swimmers and divers.
Some species are unable to make sounds by rubbing their legs.
Some species are unable to tolerate extremes of temperature.
Some species are unicellular, others are colonial, and yet others are filamentous.
Some species are unicellular.
Some species are uniformly colored, or nearly so, whereas some are markedly lighter below.
Some species are unisexual and reproduce by parthenogenesis.
Some species are unisexual.
Some species are used for building shelters.
Some species are used to make special oil, perfumes or incense.
Some species are useful as ground cover.
Some species are valuable as timber trees.
Some species are valuable medicinal herbs.
Some species are valued as sources of medicinal material.
Some species are vectors of disease in humans and other animals.
Some species are vectors of various filarial, protozoan, and viral diseases.
Some species are very aggressive, producing many fast growing rhizomes.
Some species are very common and luxuriant here and abound in flowers and fruits.
Some species are very common in cattle rumens and on human skin.
Some species are very dependant on a humid environment.
Some species are very destructive.
Some species are very excitable and sensitive to handling and hauling stress.
Some species are very fond of snails, which are picked directly off the branches.
Some species are very hardy while others require special precautions.
Some species are very host-specific, while others feed on a wide range of seeds.
Some species are very individual and some are very social.
Some species are very messy feeders and feed with great enthusiasm.
Some species are very rare and are known from only a single, or a few localities in the state.
Some species are very rare and endangered.
Some species are very rare, others seem reasonably common in Tasmania and parts of the mainland.
Some species are very sensitive to temperature shock, while others are quite hardy.
Some species are very shy whereas other species approach with great curiosity.
Some species are very susceptible.
Some species are very vigorous.
Some species are viney.
Some species are voracious predators.
Some species are vulnerable, though.
Some species are weedy, and a few are cultivated.
Some species are wholly terrestrial, some wholly aquatic, and some amphibious.
Some species are widespread, while others are restricted to certain regions of the globe.
Some species are winged.
Some species are wingless and can be found in dry grass.
Some species are wingless.
Some species are worse than others.
Some species are worth preserving.
Some species associate in groups of hundreds, others in small groups, and some forms roost singly.
Some species assume bizarre shapes, many are pests of crops and stored products.
Some species attach eggs directly to the host's hair or feathers.
Some species attach the nest to trees, shrubs or buildings.
Some species attach the nest to trees, shrubs, or buildings.
Some species attach to kelp while others are free-swimming.
Some species attach to the wall and form a cocoon.
Some species attack a limited range of plant hosts, other have a broad host range.
Some species attack books.
Some species attack branches or cones but the ones which can kill a tree attack the trunk.
Some species attack mammals if available.
Some species attack pest insects and are used in biological control.
Some species attack plant roots and cause crop damage.
Some species attack roots or leaves of plants, others are parasites on animals or insects.
Some species avoid burdening themselves by keeping their finery detached.
Some species bear an array of tentacles in front of the head.
Some species bear live young, others lay eggs.
Some species bear living offspring only every three to five years.
Some species bear prickles.
Some species bear shade or sun better than others when they are young.
Some species become economically important when they nest in sound structural wood.
Some species become invasive within a decade of their introduction, others can take centuries.
Some species become quite aggressive when nesting, and have been known to attack humans.
Some species become rare, endangered, or extinct because they are killed deliberately.
Some species become so adapted that they die when their tree dies or disappears.
Some species become so specialized in their breeding requirements that extinction looms near.
Some species begin life as males and change into females as they mature.
Some species begin on one host species and then, generations later, switch to another host species.
Some species benefit from bird sand or grit, as a source of calcium.
Some species benefit, while others are negatively affected.
Some species blink in unison.
Some species bloom on last yearUs wood and some bloom on the current seasonUs growth.
Some species bloom only in alternate years.
Some species break off a small part of their base, which then grows into an adult anemone.
Some species breed successfully in irrigation ditches.
Some species breed year-round, and populations are maintained through constant reproduction.
Some species brood their eggs underneath their coiled arms or inside a special chamber.
Some species brood their tro-chophores and veligers.
Some species brood their young internally.
Some species build a sort of home called lorica, in which individuals can take refuge.
Some species build nests, but most lay eggs in tree hollows.
Some species build tubes while others burrow into limestone.
Some species burrow in soft sediments.
Some species burrow in the ground, or live in rotting wood.
Some species burrow into sand and mud, others live in crevices in rocks, or in empty shells.
Some species burrow underground.
Some species buy extra time by distracting the predator.
Some species call while they are under water and the sound travels through the water.
Some species can adapt to change more readily than others do.
Some species can adapt to the change and do quite well.
Some species can also reproduce by pedal laceration .
Some species can be a nuisance in shady greenhouses or a weed in gardens.
Some species can be bipinnate or even resemble fern fronds.
Some species can be hard to tell apart so check the details.
Some species can be hosts to pests and diseases.
Some species can be important for food and hides.
Some species can be pests of stored products.
Some species can be quite common in a specific location.
Some species can be weedy but few are a significant problem.
Some species can bite in a manner similar to velvety tree ants.
Some species can bite or even attack their predators.
Some species can breed in puddles left after a rainstorm.
Some species can build up a heat load while they are resting during the day.
Some species can cause animal mortality and problems for humans.
Some species can cause deadly illnesses while others are helpful.
Some species can cause disease in fish , and at least one is a pathogen of mammals.
Some species can cause important diseases.
Some species can cause infection in humans and other animals.
Some species can cause infectious diseases in human beings.
Some species can change color like chameleons to blend in with their surroundings.
Some species can change color to blend in with the sand.
Some species can consume jet fuel and wall paint.
Some species can digest cellulose and some are cannibalistic.
Some species can do both sexual and asexual reproduction, depending on environmental conditions.
Some species can do either with or without males.
Some species can either be land or sea urchins.
Some species can even color during hour of their surroundings.
Some species can even mimic human speech.
Some species can even rattle their tails in an attempt to mimic a rattlesnake.
Some species can even recognize a shadow.
Some species can even regenerate lost legs.
Some species can exploit a variety of habitats while others are restricted to one type of habitat.
Some species can extend their tongue up to twice the length of the body.
Some species can fast for long periods.
Some species can fix nitrogen.
Some species can flourish in home saltwater aquaria.
Some species can gain market acceptancevery fast.
Some species can go for long periods of time without water.
Some species can hang from tree branches with their tail.
Some species can imitate human chatter, waterfalls, and pigs.
Some species can inflict a painful pinch with their cerci, but most species are harmless if handled.
Some species can intake water to inflate themselves like pufferfish.
Some species can learn simple tricks.
Some species can leave the water, walking on the shore or resting on rocks and other objects.
Some species can live a year or longer.
Some species can live up to nine years.
Some species can make dives over eight hundred feet deep.
Some species can produce eggs without a blood meal.
Some species can produce mycotoxins.
Some species can rapidly change colour so as to keep in camouflage , or to signal .
Some species can rapidly change colour so as to keep in camouflage, or to signal.
Some species can reach impressive speeds, such as barracuda, sailfish and bonefish.
Some species can reach the length of over thirty inches.
Some species can regenerate portions of the trunk and the digestive system following serious damage.
Some species can reproduce sexually.
Some species can ripen without the help of wasps.
Some species can roll their leaves, eg.
Some species can roll up into a ball when in danger.
Some species can sense the carbon dioxide exhaled by a host.
Some species can shed their tails during an attack and grow a new one.
Some species can spread plant virus diseases.
Some species can squirt their fluids several inches.
Some species can stain carpeting or fabric, especially if crushed.
Some species can strip all of a tree's leaves in just one night.
Some species can survive for years without feeding.
Some species can survive in warm, salty water that has low levels of oxygen.
Some species can survive only in roadless areas.
Some species can swim and climb, but mostly they stay on the ground.
Some species can tolerate acidic waters better than others.
Some species can tolerate both fresh and saltwater.
Some species can tolerate light frost.
Some species can tolerate lower temperatures.
Some species can tolerate mild pollution.
Some species can tolerate more damage and loss in the critical root zone than others.
Some species can withstand the loss of much body fluid during dry conditions.
Some species care for their young after they have hatched.
Some species carry diseases that can be transmitted to humans.
Some species carry diseases.
Some species carry eggs in the womb until the hatching.
Some species carry enough venom in their bodies to kill several men.
Some species cause a chemical reaction when mixed with alcohol.
Some species cause considerable damage in crop plants.
Some species cause galls to form on their host plants.
Some species cause litter.
Some species cause more itching than others, and individual reactions vary from person to person.
Some species cause systemic infections in humans.
Some species cause terminal growth of injured plants to become curled and stunted.
Some species change eating habits as they age.
Some species change nest sites as the season progresses.
Some species change sex and others just get older.
Some species chatter or whistle an alarm call.
Some species choose nesting places around people's houses.
Some species climb out of the water as they emerge, and others swim to shore.
Some species climb the stalks and feed on the leaves.
Some species climb while others remain in more of a shrub shape.
Some species closely related to lavender produce essential oils of use to the aromatherapist.
Some species combine brooding with long-distance dispersion by rafting.
Some species commemorate a botanist or plant explorer.
Some species consistently ingest more pellets than others.
Some species consume live plants.
Some species contain a compound called swainsonine and are toxic to livestock.
Some species contain a third row of leaves called an amphigastria.
Some species contain antiquality factors that can lower animal performance.
Some species contain brucine, which is also found in nux vomica, chloroquine and quinine.
Some species contain toxins that produce fatal damage to the liver and kidneys.
Some species continue to be taken from the wild illegally for the pet trade.
Some species cover the egg mass with a soft white or light brown material.
Some species crawl under rocks in the stream to deposit their eggs.
Some species create silken webbing, so keep an eye out for that as well.
Some species curl their leaves, shrinking away from the sunlight and heat.
Some species currently provide parental care of the eggs or egg mass.
Some species deplete serotonin in the host's tissues.
Some species deposit their eggs directly on the nestlings.
Some species detect the invading egg and dispose of it.
Some species develop a placenta during gestation.
Some species devour dead fishes and other putrifying animal matters with avidity.
Some species devour the entire leaf, especially on young plants.
Some species didn t even respond to the public notice.
Some species dig themselves in quite deeply during a dry spell.
Some species disappear and are replaced by others found only at higher elevations.
Some species discharge an odorous fluid from the tip of the abdomen.
Some species dispense their seeds to the wind on cottony puffs similar to dandelions.
Some species disperse further from the oviposition site than others.
Some species display striking colors and perform beautiful mating dances.
Some species display stunning camouflage patterns.
Some species do better than others in proximity to humans.
Some species do better under irrigation but others manage quite well in fairly dry climates.
Some species do develop faster than others do with regards to body size, feathering and color.
Some species do exhibit restrained reproductive capacity.
Some species do indeed feed on snails and slugs.
Some species do live as far north as the equator, but only in areas near cold ocean currents.
Some species do mate after the flight.
Some species do pose some small risk to fishermen.
Some species drag stones into a kind of nest.
Some species drop egg cases of various design.
Some species eat aphids and small caterpillars, though far more dine on tender vegetation.
Some species eat chiefly snails.
Some species eat plants but others eat worms, lizards, mice, slugs, and snails.
Some species eat toxic plants and keep the toxins in their bodies to discourage predators.
Some species eat weed plants that are bad for cattle and horses.
Some species eject a visceral liquid, causing dermatitis and blindness.
Some species emit a foul odor when crushed.
Some species emit a foul odor.
Some species emit a loud cry in flight.
Some species emit a noxious chemical from their thoraces as a further deterrent to predators.
Some species emit a strong smelling irritant when handled.
Some species employ abandoned nests of termites.
Some species end up on one side, some on the other.
Some species enlarge the host cell only slightly, while others cause it to become enormous.
Some species even climb if given a support such as a moss totem pole.
Some species even compose in sonata form.
Some species even exhibit learning behavior.
Some species even feed on the roots of plants.
Some species even grow upon glacial ice and others upon mud to almost dry soil.
Some species even have a green back, further adding to their hummingbird resemblance.
Some species even have a waterproof husk, such as the coconut.
Some species even have hairs covering the leaves.
Some species even live in warm springs.
Some species even live north of the Arctic Circle.
Some species even live on land, including various terrestrial crabs.
Some species even live on minute dust particles and debris in our homes.
Some species even maintain fungal gardens, which feed on plant matter.
Some species even make several shallow false burrows to confuse enemies such as velvet ants.
Some species even overpopulate.
Some species even require fire in order to survive.
Some species even seem to put in proper feeding breaks.
Some species even snuggle into nests with many individuals.
Some species even use massive networks of nerve cells called brains to think.
Some species excavate nest holes in decaying trees, others dig into termite mounds.
Some species excrete salt through glands in their leaves.
Some species exhibit differences in sizes depending on the stock.
Some species exhibit direct development of the eggs.
Some species exhibit extremely narrow routes of travel.
Some species exhibit great synchronicity in their hatching.
Some species exhibit no parental care at all and in others only one sex cares for the young.
Some species experience significantly shorter lifespans in captivity.
Some species extend parental care into the postnatal period, feeding and protecting the offspring.
Some species face extinction unless fishing pressure is suspended or vastly reduced.
Some species feed almost exclusively on flowers.
Some species feed at more than one tropic level, hence are termed omnivores.
Some species feed chiefly on dead animal matter, such as decaying fish and processed sandwich meats.
Some species feed close to the bottom.
Some species feed mostly on birds while others prefer to feed on mammals.
Some species feed on a substance called honey dew, which is secreted by aphids.
Some species feed on blood, others eat detritrus, decaying plant and animal debris.
Some species feed on cattle, horses, or other domestic animals while others prefer man.
Some species feed on decaying organic matter while others are cannibalistic.
Some species feed on dung of only one species of animal, while others are less choosy.
Some species feed on fungus spores and some frequent flowers where they feed on pollen.
Some species feed on grasshopper eggs in the soil.
Some species feed on leaves while other species feed on roots.
Some species feed on living plants and even fungal spores and pollens.
Some species feed on sugar, meat, or other forms of protein.
Some species feed on vegetable molds that they cultivate.
Some species feed only on microorganisms while others also feed on plant materials.
Some species feed only on one type of plant.
Some species fertilize eggs externally, some internally.
Some species filter particles for food, others grasp larger particles such as smaller animals.
Some species flip mating systems from monogamy to polygyny, dump fry if their parter deserts etc.
Some species flourish, others fade from view.
Some species fluctuate or cycle annually.
Some species fly all the way from Africa.
Some species fly at night, while others fly in the day, mainly in shaded woods.
Some species fly only at night.
Some species fly to lights.
Some species form colonies in huge old hollow trees such as sycamore and cypress.
Some species form cysts.
Some species form dense stands by suckering.
Some species form distinct foraging trails.
Some species form large colonies by reproducing asexually.
Some species form large colonies.
Some species form only sclerotia.
Some species form prides or packs, others form home ranges that are defended or shared.
Some species form relationships with bacteria.
Some species form strict lifelong family bonds, i.e. buffalo, zebra and sable.
Some species form swollen cells at the tip of the hyphae called toluroid cells.
Some species fully winged, others have non-functional wings.
Some species gather and migrate in huge swarms.
Some species germinate faster if the seeds are given a special treatment prior to planting.
Some species get quite large and can be aggressive.
Some species give birth and rear young in protected coastal bays and lagoons.
Some species give birth to live offspring, while others lay eggs.
Some species give birth to live young such as skinks.
Some species give birth to live young, while others lay eggs.
Some species give off a putrid fluid through openings in the body.
Some species glow light instead of flashing light.
Some species go feral easily and successfully .
Some species go feral easily and successfully.
Some species greatly extend their ranges along rivers.
Some species grow along riverbanks and in flood planes.
Some species grow as floating plants.
Some species grow in arid deserts, while others can flourish under water.
Some species grow in large numbers as tiny weeds in the soil of gardens and cultivated fields.
Some species grow marvellously tall and slender in protected locations.
Some species grow more rapidly than others or beg louder.
Some species grow quite large, while others are fairly small.
Some species grow upon damp ground.
Some species grow within or upon other organisms.
Some species guard their eggs, while others release their thousands of eggs as a drifting egg raft.
Some species guard their eggs.
Some species harbour dog ticks.
Some species hate being divided.
Some species have a black cap .
Some species have a black cap.
Some species have a bright chestnut anal patch and a faint dark line down the middle of the back.
Some species have a complete array of accessory sex glands, including the above three types.
Some species have a crest or coloured ruff of feathers.
Some species have a dusky blue covering called bloom.
Some species have a fatty dorsal fin.
Some species have a few dozen predatory individuals living in small natural cavities.
Some species have a few long hairs on the under side of the lower lip of the corolla.
Some species have a free swimming stage of life, but most are pretty stationary.
Some species have a high population in the Americas.
Some species have a higher minimum cost due to phytosanitary fees and other administrative fees.
Some species have a light-emitting organ in front of the anus.
Some species have a lip designed to mimic a female insect and attracts males to try to mate with it.
Some species have a long, bicolored pelage, whereas others have short, velvety, unicolored fur.
Some species have a mane or dorsal crest of hair.
Some species have a milky sap that can be toxic.
Some species have a pellucid gelatinous covering, comparable to a shell.
Some species have a penchant for fungus, like the mildew-munching orange ladybird .
Some species have a pointed crest on top of the head.
Some species have a powerful sting at the tip of the abdomen.
Some species have a prominent V-shaped tuft of black hairs above anterior eye row.
Some species have a pupal stage that lasts for two years.
Some species have a red hue to the fur.
Some species have a saclike seminal vesicle and most species have unicellular prostatic glands.
Some species have a small white patch behind each ear.
Some species have a sort of lid which closes automatically when the poh'p retires.
Some species have a strong preference for tidal pools.
Some species have a tail which can be easily broken.
Some species have a tendency to bleed through paint because of their resinous nature.
Some species have a terminal mouth and resemble some cyprinids.
Some species have a third name that indicates a subspecies.
Some species have a third pigment that absorbs maximally in the blue region.
Some species have a very narrow distribution.
Some species have a vocal sac on each side of the head.
Some species have a wide color variation between the sexes and depending on the mood of the fish.
Some species have a wide range, while others live in a very limited area.
Some species have acetogens as the predominant hydrogen-utilizing bacteria in the intestinal tract.
Some species have additional prolegs at the end of their abdomen.
Some species have already been extirpated from Ontario and others are now extinct.
Some species have amazingly large numbers of offspring but provide no protective care.
Some species have an egg tooth on the lower mandible, which also disappears after hatching.
Some species have an operculum, a lid or trapdoor to close the shell.
Some species have another, perhaps even more alarming, defence mechanism at least in the short term.
Some species have aquatic adults and retain gills throughout life.
Some species have aromatic oils in the foliage.
Some species have as much or more weight in water in greenwood as the wood weighs when ovendry.
Some species have black and gray markings while many species have white undersides.
Some species have black or red coloration in the wings.
Some species have black, or black and white hind wings.
Some species have both male and female sex organs, called hermaphrodites.
Some species have both shallow radial root systems and deep tap roots.
Some species have brief flight periods, when they can be observed and captured.
Some species have brief periods of exponential growth, followed by population crashes.
Some species have bright colors to scare off or confuse attackers.
Some species have cement glands that produce a plug to block the vulva after copulation.
Some species have chevron-markings on their abdomen.
Some species have color phases.
Some species have colorful skins , though .
Some species have colorful skins, though.
Some species have conspicuous feather tufts.
Some species have cryptic adaptations by which they use leaves in avoiding predators.
Some species have dark wings.
Some species have definite food preferences to be aware of.
Some species have diets consisting of algae and plankton.
Some species have different roosting and feeding sites.
Some species have direct development.
Some species have direct links to their full text regulations.
Some species have distinct tufts of hairs extending from the posterior.
Some species have dolipore septa.
Some species have edible fruit .
Some species have edible fruit.
Some species have edible muscular body walls.
Some species have erectile crests .
Some species have exceptionally strong and specific instincts for habitat selection.
Some species have eyes that are tiny, undeveloped pin-pricks.
Some species have eyes that change color when the bird ages.
Some species have faint stripes, and some have a rump that contrasts with the rest of the back.
Some species have fairly elaborate courtship.
Some species have fewer males or they are even rare.
Some species have fewer than six.
Some species have flowers veined or feathered with two colors.
Some species have folds of skin called a nose-leaf on their snout.
Some species have green and non-green forms.
Some species have hair growth cycles that take their cue from the seasons.
Some species have horns on their heads and all have soft mouthparts.
Some species have inrolling of leaf margins.
Some species have internal shells.
Some species have large cloacal cavities that are lined with many finger-like projections .
Some species have large cloacal cavities that are lined with many finger-like projections.
Some species have large showy flowers.
Some species have larval stage after which fully formed adult squids emerge.
Some species have life cycles that include extensive migrations through the bodies of their hosts.
Some species have light receptors in the tail.
Some species have little or no endosperm and others much.
Some species have long claws, which the males run against the cheeks of the female.
Some species have long hair as compared to others.
Some species have long hair on the top of the head and showy mustaches.
Some species have long legs as well.
Some species have long necks and in many cases are laterally compressed.
Some species have luminescent lanterns.
Some species have male parental care.
Some species have many different larval stages, whereas others develop directly from egg to adult.
Some species have mating rituals.
Some species have medicinal use as herbal teas.
Some species have metallic or iridescent blue, green and bronze coloration.
Some species have more change in genetic composition compared to others.
Some species have more than four pairs of walking legs.
Some species have more than one larval stage.
Some species have mottlings of white and a ventral surface the same color as the back.
Some species have narrow close set stripes, while others have broader stripes.
Some species have narrow close set stripes, while others have smaller broadly set stripes.
Some species have no chance other then captive breeding.
Some species have no leaf blades, others have narrow blades.
Some species have no markings, others have spots and stripes.
Some species have no value to people except that they exist.
Some species have numerous eyes scattered over the front end of the body.
Some species have oil droplets in a concentric arrangement in the oospores.
Some species have one generation per year, other species have two or more.
Some species have only one heat period each year and are called monoestrous.
Some species have only one heat period each year and are called monoestrus.
Some species have ornamental touches of bright color.
Some species have pale markings on the hardened parts of their bodies and on their legs.
Some species have particular burrows just for mating and other burrows to live in.
Some species have peculiar dietary needs, but all primates require a well balanced diet.
Some species have peculiar dietary needs, but all primates require a well-balanced diet.
Some species have pores , spines or blunt ridges instead of gills.
Some species have pure black head whereas some have grey-color head.
Some species have red, pink, or yellow markings.
Some species have retractable claws like a cat.
Some species have rhizomes or taproots.
Some species have round faces.
Some species have scent glands from which they can squirt a foul-smelling liquid.
Some species have seeds that remain viable for years.
Some species have separate male and female flowers.
Some species have several generations annually.
Some species have several generations per year while others have one.
Some species have sharp barbs on their forelegs to prevent prey from escaping.
Some species have short, useless wings, and others have no wings at all.
Some species have silica spicules.
Some species have small glands adj. to the germinal epithelium.
Some species have small, metallic spots of red or gold.
Some species have solitary flowers, while others have raceme, or most commonly, cyme inflorescences.
Some species have sori on all the leaves, while others have specialized leaves that bear the sori.
Some species have special plume.
Some species have specialized diets.
Some species have stingers that are barbed and remain in the wound.
Some species have strips.
Some species have strong claws on their feet to help with fishing as well.
Some species have stubby, blunt spines, while other species have long, sharp, venom-filled spines.
Some species have ten fingers per hand.
Some species have tendrils for twining.
Some species have terete leaves.
Some species have the ability to alter their color to match the background.
Some species have the flavor of licorice.
Some species have the power of movement.
Some species have the same number of body segments when they hatch as they do as adults.
Some species have the wings reduced or absent.
Some species have their entire body surface covered with sticky mucus that captures prey.
Some species have thorny branches.
Some species have thread-like trailing stems, while others have thick, succulent, upright stems.
Some species have three pairs of book lungs , while others have no respiratory organs at all.
Some species have totally different habitat needs in their juvenile phase than they do as adults.
Some species have two broods a year.
Some species have two fingers on each hand that are stuck together.
Some species have two penises and one or more genital pores for the process of reproduction.
Some species have unique adaptations that facilitate their getting to it.
Some species have unique digestive organs, or their organs function in special ways.
Some species have unusually long bills and some have relatively short bills.
Some species have very hard, strong wood.
Some species have very large central eyes.
Some species have vestigial tails or no tails at all.
Some species have white and blue.
Some species have white markings.
Some species have whitish spots on the body.
Some species have wings.
Some species have winter-hardy eggs that hatch with the spring thaw.
Some species have yellow markings.
Some species head straight to the ocean as fry, while others remain in the stream for another year.
Some species hibernate in burrows.
Some species hibernate in winter and others sleep or remain inactive during the dry, hot summer.
Some species hide in a larval case, while others make a covering of leaves held together by silk.
Some species hide or guard their eggs.
Some species hide their eggs.
Some species hide under bits of debris or wood and attack passing insects.
Some species hold their moisture content at higher levels than do others.
Some species hop while others move quadrupedally.
Some species including honey bees , bumblebees , and stingless bees live socially in colonies.
Some species incorporate a large amount of iron in the radula.
Some species incorporate calcium carbonate from the ocean into their cell walls as well.
Some species increase and others decrease pH of their medium.
Some species increase their surface area for breathing with feathery protrusions.
Some species infect the intestinal system, others attack the blood and other tissues.
Some species infest the liver and lungs as well.
Some species inhabit marshlands while others prefer clean water or the still waters of ponds.
Some species inhabit the shallow waters commonly used by anglers and swimmers.
Some species inject toxic salivary secretions into plants as they feed.
Some species inject toxic salivary secretions into plants during feeding.
Some species interact so one benefits and the other is unaffected.
Some species intertwine their tails during courtship.
Some species invade human dwellings and are considered pests.
Some species lack a tail, others lack apparent hind limbs and the skull is very variable.
Some species lack any kind of constriction between segments to further confuse the issue.
Some species lack dorsal and ventral ducts and have a network of canals, instead.
Some species lack pigmentation and are parasites on other red algae.
Some species lack pyrenoids altogether.
Some species lack wings at all.
Some species learn their song during social interaction.
Some species listed here are of irregular occurrence.
Some species live alone.
Some species live at the bottom of the ocean floor while others are very close to the surface.
Some species live at the bottom of the ocean.
Some species live far longer.
Some species live for as little as six months.
Some species live for just a few days, and most live for only a couple of weeks.
Some species live freely in their aquatic environment, whereas others encase themselves in tubes.
Some species live in ant and termite nests.
Some species live in birds' nests, while others are associated with the nests of ants and termites.
Some species live in boggy areas where rotting vegetation, rocks, and rotting logs are common.
Some species live in caves and rock recesses.
Some species live in close association with other animals, e.g. sea urchins and shrimps.
Some species live in damp forest areas, while others live in desserts or dry grasslands.
Some species live in different areas.
Some species live in estuaries, rivers and lakes but none in terrestrial en vironments.
Some species live in fresh water for their entire lives.
Some species live in freshwater, some in the sea, and some in both.
Some species live in limited conditions, such as at higher levels of oxygen saturation.
Some species live in small groups.
Some species live in swamps and marshes where other microbes have consumed all the oxygen.
Some species live in swamps or marshlands.
Some species live in the cold Arctic water and others live in the warm tropical waters.
Some species live in the water as nymphs for three years before they hatch into their adult stage.
Some species live in trees and drop onto their hosts as the pass.
Some species live in trees, and some types of frog are protected by being poisonous.
Some species live in trees, on cliff faces, or in narrow rock crevices.
Some species live in trees.
Some species live in tropical forests and some live in warm deserts.
Some species live inside of macroalgae inducing the growth of galls in which their larvae develop.
Some species live mainly in cold waters, while some others prefer warmer waters.
Some species live on bark, and all have a potent arthropod venom.
Some species live on minute forms caught by ciliary currents.
Some species live on the surface and others inhabit the deeper regions of the fur.
Some species live on the surface of pools, snowfields, and other similar habitats.
Some species live only in a small area, but many are found all across a continent.
Some species live singly , others live in colonies .
Some species live singly, others live in colonies.
Some species live within the tissues or even within the cells of higher plants.
Some species living in or visiting Botany Bay can reach low numbers but subsequently recover.
Some species look just like the leaves and bark of the trees on which they rest.
Some species luminesce to confuse attackers.
Some species maintain the diversity of particular habitats.
Some species make a tapping sound in the tunnels.
Some species make elaborate nests and provide parental care to the developing fishes.
Some species make excellent houseplants.
Some species make ideal windbreaks because their foliage filters rather than blocks the wind.
Some species make mounds of earth or ant hills.
Some species make permanent burrows deep into the soil.
Some species make silk nets among aquatic vegetation to help trap food.
Some species mate as soon as adults emerge.
Some species mate for just one season, some for life.
Some species mate in the fall, and other species mate in the spring.
Some species migrate during the spawning season to habitats with dense aquatic vegetation.
Some species migrate great distances form winter feeding grounds to summer nesting areas.
Some species migrate in flocks, some in small bands, and some individually.
Some species migrate much shorter distances.
Some species migrate sea- sonally between feeding grounds at sea and nesting areas on land or ice.
Some species migrate south in winter and return north with late spring weather.
Some species migrate, some hibernate, and some have a short lifespan of weeks or months.
Some species migrate.
Some species mimic ants and steal their food.
Some species molt during certain seasons and others molt continuously.
Some species move in a looping, leech-like fashion.
Some species move slightly in the young stages.
Some species move to specific areas to spawn, typically into deeper areas of the reef.
Some species move with a flapping motion of their lobes or undulations of the body.
Some species naturally produce more surface roots than others.
Some species nest in holes or on the ground.
Some species never go into the current.
Some species occasionally ascend rivers.
Some species occasionally feed upon cultivated fruits.
Some species occasionally shelter with other species.
Some species occupy a web and others are nocturnal, but all spit at their prey or enemies.
Some species occupy parts of southern Asia and the Iberian Peninsula.
Some species occur here which are otherwise found only in Thailand's southern peninsula.
Some species occur in North America, southeastern Europe, Madagascar and New Guinea.
Some species occur in only one or two places.
Some species occur in vegetation surrounding permanent or semi-permanent freshwater.
Some species occur naturally as human oral flora.
Some species occur nearly everywhere.
Some species occur on the surface of pools, snowfields, and other similar habitats.
Some species only bear a little once per year.
Some species only defecate when they molt, leaving the feces behind with the shed cuticle.
Some species only eat fish, some only eat other snails, and most eat worms.
Some species only grow in association with tree roots.
Some species only have two tails, but the majority of the different species have three tails.
Some species only leave the water for molting and breeding.
Some species only live in very specific environments .
Some species only live in very specific environments.
Some species only reproduce through vegetative means.
Some species organize into societies.
Some species originating from Georgia or Florida are require bog conditions.
Some species parasitize only mature fish, while others parasitize only immature fish.
Some species parasitize other nematodes or insects.
Some species penetrate further into the ecotone than others.
Some species perform a kind of nuptial dance, swimming in circles as they spawn.
Some species perform specific functions such as fixing or recycling nitrogen.
Some species prefer alkaline soil while others prefer acidic soil.
Some species prefer calcium-rich habitats such as concrete slabs and the mortar in walls.
Some species prefer human blood, some animal blood.
Some species prefer larger prey, while others wait for smaller foods.
Some species prefer moist sites, while other species are from drier regions.
Some species prefer much deeper water .
Some species prefer much deeper water.
Some species prefer no aeration, but Daphnia magna seems to do well with it.
Some species prefer open grassy areas such as bluebirds, meadowlarks, and goldfinches.
Some species prefer others including oak, hawthorn, and raspberry.
Some species prefer riverine habitats.
Some species prefer the constant temporature of caves for hibernation and to bear their young.
Some species prefer the open, others more shaded areas.
Some species prefer to live near sandy areas.
Some species prefer warmer water than others.
Some species present have waxy leaves with a high oil content.
Some species prey on other invertebrates.
Some species primarily feeds on fruits such as cashew, agave, mango, bananas, and balsa.
Some species produce a foul smelling liquid that they use for defense.
Some species produce a fruit, which is mildly toxic to humans.
Some species produce a lathery soap substitute when immersed and agitated in water.
Some species produce a long, thread like stolon.
Some species produce branching spikes with tufts of bright yellow flower clusters at the tips.
Some species produce bulbils on the leaves.
Some species produce evil-smelling secretions from cloacal glands.
Some species produce great quantities of eggs.
Some species produce large amounts of pollen, so they are over-represented in the diagram.
Some species produce large swarms at the water surface where the worms release their gametes.
Some species produce more offspring than others.
Some species produce morphologically differentiated uninucleate or multinucleate gametangia.
Some species produce runners in dry years.
Some species produce seeds that require special conditions to germinate , such as cold treatment .
Some species produce significant aerial stems and resemble small trees.
Some species produce spores and survive for extended periods.
Some species produce toxins that have potential medicinal value.
Some species promote root aeration in water-logged habitats.
Some species protect their nests but the level of care varies from species to species.
Some species protect themselves by burrowing into the sandy bottom where they remain until morning.
Some species provide a more direct value to humans.
Some species provide beautiful displays of color for short periods in the spring or fall.
Some species provide more immediate value to humans.
Some species quietly assimilate into the recipient regions without causing any noticeable impact.
Some species reach nearly three inches in length.
Some species reach sexual maturity in another invertebrate host.
Some species reach the dimension of small trees and most live for many years.
Some species regularly eat carrion.
Some species release molecules called microcystins that are toxic to plants and animals.
Some species release odors as a defense against predators.
Some species release unfertilized eggs and sperm.
Some species rely almost exclusively on grasses.
Some species rely on another species to stay productive.
Some species rely on fire to complete their life cycle or to maintain a suitable habitat.
Some species remain in colonies throughout the year, whereas others congregate only in winter.
Some species remain in or near the estuaries all their lives.
Some species remain throughout the year, others migrate seasonally.
Some species reportedly show considerable host specificity.
Some species represent a link to the more primitive forms of life, now extinct in other continents.
Some species reproduce asexually other species mate.
Some species reproduce both asexually and sexually, including yeast and plants.
Some species reproduce both sexually and asexually.
Some species reproduce only asexually.
Some species reproduce vegetatively by means of bulbils.
Some species require a particular range of acidity or alkalinity.
Some species require a period of darkness before being exposed to light.
Some species require a specific pH range for embryonation.
Some species require additional stamps.
Some species require additions to their diet.
Some species require afternoon shade here.
Some species require exposed mineral soil.
Some species require hundreds of acres of forest and some only require a log.
Some species require large areas of unbroken forest.
Some species require mating while some reproduce without mating.
Some species require more attention than others.
Some species require more, others less.
Some species require several trips at the right time of year to see.
Some species require still water, others flowing water.
Some species require the seed to be stratified to initiate germination.
Some species require very high temperatures, and most species also require a thermal gradient.
Some species require very specific conditions for their home.
Some species resemble poisonous beetles and so are ignored by predators.
Some species reside high in the mountains and some in open woodland.
Some species resist the cold rather well .
Some species resist the cold rather well.
Some species respond to only one growth retardant, whereas others respond to several.
Some species retain a pelvic girdle with a pair of vestigial claws on either side of the cloaca.
Some species retain gill rakers .
Some species retain gill rakers.
Some species retain their needles longer than other species.
Some species return after the initial invasion, but others disappear.
Some species roll into a tight ball if threatened.
Some species roll up into a ball when disturbed.
Some species roost on grass stems.
Some species secrete a white powdery or waxy, woolly material that completely covers the body.
Some species secrete an acrid principle, useful in medicine.
Some species secrete honeydew, a sweet by-product of digestion that attracts ants.
Some species secrete powerful neurotoxins.
Some species seek protected coastal areas to give birth.
Some species seek shelter in large holes between the roots of trees.
Some species seek shelter in leaf litter, while other choose to hide in the tree tops or in water.
Some species seem to becoming more abundant but others are becoming rare.
Some species seem to have longer life spans than others.
Some species seem to take it more readily than others.
Some species select a cavity with the smallest opening they can squeeze through.
Some species show a higher level of mate fidelity than others.
Some species show a preference for a particular forest type.
Some species show a recurving of petioles along with upward rolling of leaf blades.
Some species show an almost perfect rhythmic regularity in the recurrence of their breeding season.
Some species show fair resistance to marine borer attack.
Some species show large changes.
Some species show leathery flexible shells while others have inflexible brittle shells.
Some species show only general chlorosis or chlorotic mottling or chlorotic flecks.
Some species show parental care of their young after they leave the brood chamber.
Some species show pupillary dilatation and an increase in sweating with acute pain.
Some species show up every summer.
Some species show very similiar behaviors.
Some species simply insert their needle-like penis anywhere in the body of the partner.
Some species sit on or among flowers , bark , fruit or leaves where they grab visiting insects .
Some species sit on or among flowers, bark, fruit or leaves where they grab visiting insects.
Some species slap down or knead the sand, using the weight of their bodies to pack down the area.
Some species solve the problem of survival by breeding excessively when times are good.
Some species spawn continuously throughout the spring and summer.
Some species specialize in eating the hard fruits and nuts of palm trees.
Some species specialize in raiding wasp nests.
Some species specialize in stealing the prey of other species.
Some species spend most of their life in the water, while others live in the desert.
Some species spend their entire life in or near water.
Some species spend their entire lives near a single clump of coral.
Some species spend years rearing their young.
Some species sport prominent crests.
Some species sprout from underground organs after a fire.
Some species sprout more than others and in general the younger trees sprout better than older ones.
Some species start out as females and later become males.
Some species stay in the upper portions of the water and filter their food out of the water.
Some species stay small, and some individuals of species that can be big are stunted individuals.
Some species stick the eggs to branches or other foliage.
Some species still exist today but none grows taller than a couple of metres.
Some species still have some immunity, and therefore have sustained resistance .
Some species supplement their diet with fruits, nuts, and seeds.
Some species sweep food into their mouth parts.
Some species swim by means of flagella Bacterial flagella are analogous to flagella of eukaryotes.
Some species swim extensively, crossing the jurisdiction of two or more councils.
Some species synthesize ascorbate at greater rates than other species.
Some species take one to two years, or even more.
Some species take years to attain maturity.
Some species tend to stick together as a group and others live alone.
Some species thrive if fire singes the landscape.
Some species thrive in shade, others in high traffic areas, still others in formal settings.
Some species thrive on disturbance.
Some species thrive with soil disturbance from burrowing or uprooted trees.
Some species thump with their hind feet.
Some species tolerate different levels of activity and inactivity differently.
Some species tolerate exposure at low tide.
Some species tolerate lower temperatures better than others.
Some species transform in as little as one week with others taking months to develop.
Some species transmit diseases to man and animals.
Some species transmit pathogens, for example, the fungus that causes Dutch elm disease.
Some species transmit virus-like organisms which cause losses in crops in Arizona and California.
Some species travel up and down the water column many times in the course of a day.
Some species typically climb, others squeeze into and under things.
Some species undergo both processes depending, for example, on the temperature of the environment.
Some species undergo incredible changes in colouration.
Some species use aggressive behaviour to minimise real competition.
Some species use flagella or cilia to move within the water.
Some species use hindlimbs for competition.
Some species use it only to stay aware of their surroundings.
Some species use many different insects as hosts , others are very specific in host choice .
Some species use many different insects as hosts, others are very specific in host choice.
Some species use old hawk, crow or raven nests.
Some species use silk in even more specialized ways.
Some species use sticky traps, others make circular rings of hyphae to constrict their prey.
Some species use the beak to scrape off bits of live coral.
Some species use the filaments to stick the eggs on to the skin of fish.
Some species use the modified legs for digging.
Some species use their chelicerae to dig burrows in the ground as nests.
Some species utilize other methods to accomplish their needs.
Some species vary in their classification between regions.
Some species vary their nectar diet to include rotting fruit, pollen, animal excrement and carrion.
Some species wander from the ground to vegetation.
Some species wave up and down, others side- ways.
Some species work on insects that feed near the soil surface or inside plants.
Some species yield more pounds per acre, some have a longer harvest season.
Species barriers are there for a very good reason.
Species description is with citation, description and phenological data.
Species description is with citation, description, distribution, flowering and fruiting season.
Species description is with citation, morphological description, phenological data and distribution.
Every species description includes a recording of the bird's call.
Species epithets are all lower case.
Species extinction caused by human activities continues at an alarming rate.
Species identifications are also commonly inadequate.
Species interactions are extremely important in shaping community dynamics.
Species interactions cascade through a community.
Species interactions contribute to the overall viability of an ecosystem.
Species name is misspelled.
Species name refers to salt.
Species names can be complex.
Species range can change over time.
Species recognition is only by estimating size and by flight patterns.
Species richness decreases up-estuary and reaches a minimum at the critical salinity.
Species tulips are alsosuitable for containers.
Species tulips are available in a wide array of colors.
Species tulips are different than hybrid tulips.
Species tulips are early.
Species tulips are perfect for planting in rock gardens and along the edge of raised flower beds.
Species tulips are smaller in size than their hybridrelatives.
Species is kinds.
Species is part of genus.
Some specific abnormalities indicate consumption.
Specific account reports, when requested.
Specific accounts represent balance sheet items, revenue, and expenses.
Specific action is anticipated to occur at a subsequent meeting.
Specific actions are less important than the leader s clarity or consciousness.
Specific actions are usually more helpful than vague plans.
Specific activities are as follows.
Specific activities can regulate each of the above areas of dysfunction.
Specific activities dictate their own requirements.
Specific activities funded include administrator and librarian salaries and overseas operations.
Specific activities have additional demands.
Specific activities vary according to the needs and resources of the community.
Specific activities vary depending on areas of interest and level of training.
Specific activity is a better measure of the effect of the substitution.
Specific activity measures the radioactivity of a unit weight of substance.
Some specific activities can have impact.
Some specific activities involve care.
Specific adjustments vary according to chair model.
Specific advice is also often available in the standards quoted.
Specific advice is given for preventing infestation of insects.
Specific advice is needed for individual businesses.
Some specific advice is given below.
Specific agents are instances of subclasses derived from Agent .
Specific agreements are important between exporters and distibutors.
Specific agreements exist between New Zealand and Latin American institutes.
Specific agreements vary by community college.
Specific Aims Give a limited number of specific goals for the application.
Specific aims list the measurements to be made, and any hypotheses to be tested.
Specific allegations are subject to specific rules of pleading.
Specific allocation assigns certain types of income to particular states using nonformulary rules.
Specific amount is determined by school or college offering the course.
Some specific amounts depend on products.
Specific animals have specific associations depending on the characteristics of the type of animal.
Specific answers are preferable to broad, diffuse responses.
Specific antibodies match specific antigens, fitting together much the way a key fits a lock.
Some specific antibodies show apparent cleavages.
Some specific antibodies show cleavages.
Some specific antigen releases into sea water.
Specific antitoxins are available for certain conditions.
Specific antivenin is available to treat some widow spider bites.
Specific application is made to the nurse administrator role.
Specific applications are in lotions, ointment and creams packaging and dispensing.
Specific applications are in the appropriate section.
Specific applications implement a static information model.
Specific applications require even more detailed interaction.
Specific applications vary with technology advances in the field.
Specific appointments are also available for other times .
Specific apprehension causes condition of water pipe and canalization.
Some specific approaches give answers.
Specific approval is required for all such collection and reporting.
Specific areas are critically important for propagation of a species.
Specific areas are devoted to data sharing, professional development, and related Web sites.
Specific areas are in the sciences and genealogy.
Specific areas are Spanish, physical education, and music.
Specific areas covered are time management, interviewing, discipline and techniques of training.
Specific areas covered include promoting interactivity, creating on-line labs, and evaluation.
Specific areas covered include purchasing, receiving, storage, issuing, production, and sales.
Specific areas covered include technology, mergers and acquisitions, and volunteerism.
Specific areas receive reduced tax assessment.
Some specific areas are more vulnerable to attack than others.
Some specific areas do prohibit the use of firearms and camping without a permit.
Specific arrangements are necessary in order to establish an appropriate time for make-up.
Specific articles are available focusing on protection of watersheds, greenways and waterways.
Specific artists change each semester.
Specific assessment occurs at the end of the first year of graduate study.
Specific assignment is dependent upon English placement test results.
Specific assignments appear within the syllabus.
Specific assignments are at the end of the syllabus.
Specific assignments are for periods of three months.
Specific assignments are in the attached course outline.
Specific assignments change from year to year.
Specific assignments follow.
Specific assignments indicate what material is important.
Specific assignments vary according to the season and needs and priorities of the ranch.
Specific assignments vary from course to course.
Specific assistance is available for the long-term unemployed and young women seeking employment.
Specific assistance is provided with selected general education courses.
Specific attention has to be paid to the promotion of young scientists.
Specific attention is applied to understanding the scalable architecture of the XML tag objects.
Specific attention is devoted to Florida for demographic and legislative reasons.
Specific attention is devoted to italian legal information.
Specific attention is devoted to knowledge and skills needed for leading task groups.
Specific attention is directed at Eastern European crime groups.
Specific attention is directed to formal written communication and oral presentation skills.
Specific attention is directed to the wrist and finger extensors and supinator.
Specific attention is directed toward academic underachievers and studnets in remedial courses.
Specific attention is focused on a range of risk issues relevant to security managers.
Specific attention is focused on recent legislative reforms and current trends.
Specific attention is given the essential biblical doctrines which they deny.
Specific attention is given to anomalies in the early development of organ systems.
Specific attention is given to comprehensive water designs and stormwater management.
Specific attention is given to design innovation, materials, welding and construction.
Specific attention is given to developing technologies appropriate for resource-poor farmers.
Specific attention is given to enhancing overall flexibility.
Specific attention is given to family and community violence, substance abuse, and mental health.
Specific attention is given to grammar, pronunciation and vocabulary.
Specific attention is given to issues of ethnicity, handicap and gender.
Specific attention is given to media and computer techniques.
Specific attention is given to New Haven.
Specific attention is given to nuclear strategic mobility forces, and reserve forces.
Specific attention is given to quality standards and safety.
Specific attention is given to recognising potential harmonics.
Specific attention is given to ruminant animals consuming forages.
Specific attention is given to slag optimization for steel quality and refractory protection.
Specific attention is given to strategies and the process of business development.
Specific attention is given to the complex interactions of color within two-dimensional design.
Specific attention is given to the development of effective literacy programs.
Specific attention is given to the effects of operating pressure and fuel species.
Specific attention is given to the exporting process from a practical implementation viewpoint.
Specific attention is given to the following.
Specific attention is given to the individual needs of the students.
Specific attention is given to the principles of systems development and underlying concepts.
Specific attention is given to the probationary period.
Specific attention is given to the questions of architects and engineers.
Specific attention is given to the valuation and presentation of assets and current liabilities.
Specific attention is given to toner because it is critical to the quality of the finished document.
Specific attention is paid to both the legal and practical issues surrounding information warfare.
Specific attention is paid to helping to improve concentration alongside motor skills.
Specific attention is paid to improving the students' upper body strength.
Specific attention is paid to local environmental issues.
Specific attention is paid to mobile communication networks.
Specific attention is paid to models and modelling of growth and development.
Specific attention is paid to organizational buying, product strategy, and pricing decisions.
Specific attention is paid to probing critical issues and articulating principles for evaluation.
Specific attention is paid to pronunciation and grammatical accuracy.
Specific attention is paid to the different metropolitan locations of each facility.
Specific attention is paid to the intersection of race, class, and gender.
Specific attention is paid to the intersections of race, class, and gender.
Specific attention is paid to the phonological patterns and their historical development.
Specific attention is paid to the roles of top management and boards of directors.
Specific attention is paid to the unique challenges of projects and cross-functional teams.
Specific attention is paid to threshold and momentum threshold autoregressive processes.
Specific attention is placed on application of tort theories to specific disabilities.
Specific attention is placed on ease of use, and interface to get the maximum effect on public.
Specific attention is placed on job requirements, if indicated.
Specific attention is placed on what the United States is doing, both internally and globally.
Specific attention is to be directed at the prospect of developing a multi-purpose youth facility.
Specific attention is to be given to the advertising line.
Specific attitudes are good at predicting specific behaviors.
Some specific attributes relate to conditions.
Specific Authors Look first for an appropriate category already dedicated to the author.
Specific authors vary.
Specific authorization is required to change circcodes.
Specific authorization is required, by location, for upper division baccalaureate degree programs.
Specific availability varies from time to time.
Specific awards are determined at the time of admission.
Specific awards spark an interest in exploration and learning.
Some specific awards specify the level of researcher eligible to apply.
Some specific bacteria break down hydrocarbons.
Some specific barriers prevent germination.
Specific behavior requires specific training.
Specific behaviors are associated with social stigmas , which can affect status.
Specific benchmarks drive the media curriculum.
Specific benefits are subject to change at any time based on corporate and division business plans.
Specific benefits depend on individual health insurance plans.
Specific bequests are gifts of specific distinguishable items.
Any specific bill is just one position in a larger public dialogue.
Specific binding is detected by vital dye stain.
Specific biological hypotheses concern variation.
Specific breeds have basic characteristics.
Specific breeds have characteristics.
Most specific breeds have basic characteristics.
Most specific breeds have characteristics.
Specific businesses are as diverse as each community.
Specific capabilities vary based on vendor and product.
Specific cards are available from the following reliable source.
Specific care is given to identifying side-effects detrimental to the patient.
Specific carriers are different.
Specific cases are the electric and magnetic forces.
Specific cases vary.
Some specific cases follow.
Specific categories selected are subject to change or substitution.
Specific categories treated include the influence of social class on fashion, armor, footwear, etc.
Specific categories vary.
Specific categories win over less-specific ones.
Specific category depends on the type of work, pay rate, and source of funds.
More specific categories lead to more specific menus.
Some specific categories are gibberellins, cytkinins, and auxins.
Specific cause is unknown.
Specific causes are more useful for environmental management.
Specific causes are work in Oligarchy and Democracy.
Specific cells cause inflammation when they receive a signal from another cell.
Specific change can only occur with joint union-company approval.
Specific changes address both immediate and long- term concerns voiced by residents.
Specific changes appear in the highlighted text.
Specific changes are also easier to incorporate without affecting the entire program.
Specific changes are as follows.
Specific changes made to the items appear in the table notes.
Specific chapters are devoted to maternal health, childhood emergencies and elder care.
Specific chapters cover camping skills, safety in outdoor activities, and map and compass skills.
Specific chapters deal with hazardous materials, equipment, procedures and processes.
Specific chapters deal with personal care, hygiene, mobility, environment, and palliative care.
Specific chapters deal with surviving emergencies, crises, and natural disasters.
Specific characteristics are hereditary, and are transmitted unaltered to the descendants.
Some specific chemicals attract male wasps.
Some specific chemicals attract wasps.
Specific circumstances require professional advice.
Specific citations are available from the author.
Specific citations are welcome.
Specific cities have emergency management programs.
Specific claims are examined at our common descent page.
Specific claims tend to be tied to the reserve land base.
Many specific claims arise from Canada s obligation to First nations in relation to land.
Specific classes are dependent on a minimum signup.
Many specific classes are the result of teacher input.
More specific classification involves reference to the type of stimulus monitored by a receptor.
Specific climates can be triggers.
Specific clips are available underneath each speakers photo, including written testimony.
Specific codes are valid for specific meetings.
Specific collateral includes items such as an automobile, a piece of equipment or inventory.
Specific collateral is the other common source of security.
Specific colleges have current year costs including room and board.
Specific colors can also have an effect on specific diseases.
Specific colors can look slightly different on different computers.
Specific colors have different effects on the viewer.
Specific colours correspond to specific pH values.
Specific commands declare the precise manner of implementing the divine ordinance.
Specific comments are more useful than vague ones.
Specific comments assist in changing or enhancing selected components of the course.
Specific comments follow.
Specific comments regarding basically desirable and undesirable impacts follow.
Specific comments regarding significant attributes, whether positive or negative are most useful.
More specific comments are in the script itself.
Specific communication needs can be satisfied with existing riser space.
Specific communication skills to raise self-esteem and build a stronger team.
Specific companies cater to specific markets.
Specific complementarity is required before interchange takes place.
Some specific complications arise, since they are moving objects w.r.t.
Specific components discussed are cultural identity, customs, language, psychology and the arts.
Some specific compounds cause odor.
Specific concentrations vary by institute.
Specific concerns relate to accessibility, cost, transparency, legality, and fairness.
More specific conclusions follow.
Specific conditions apply to claims.
Specific conditions apply to some schemes.
Specific conditions are described below for each stress treatment.
Specific conditions contribute to disorders of each humor.
Specific conditions determine variation.
Specific conditions exist for local authorities .
Specific conditions exist in habitats.
Specific conditions exsist for participation.
Specific conditions limit activities.
Many specific conditions come under the term cancer.
Most specific conditions determine variation.
Most specific conditions exist in habitats.
Some specific conditions contribute to infertility.
Some specific conditions dictate special nutrient requirements.
Specific conductance is a measure of the ability of water to conduct an electrical current.
Specific conductance is an indicator of dissolved solids.
Specific conductance is the ability of a solution to conduct electricity.
Specific configurations apply.
Specific consideration is given to methodology in teaching students with disabilities.
Specific considerations are weekends and holidays.
Specific consultation tends to more effective.
Specific content depends on semester enrolled.
Specific content includes skills in listening, speaking, reading, and writing.
Specific content is changed daily.
Specific content is chosen.
Specific content is designed to meet the needs and interests of students.
Specific content is designed to upgrade competencies of participants.
Specific content is determined by participating faculty and students.
Specific content is determined by the needs and interests of the student.
Specific content is identified and the overall layout of the pages is outlined.
Specific content is yet to be determined.
Specific content varies from quarter to quarter.
Specific content varies from semester to semester.
Specific content varies from year to year.
Specific content varies with semester.
Specific content varies, depending on the particular interests of the instructor.
Specific content varies.
More specific content is outlined in science courses.
Specific controls have to be adopted in order to reduce each risk of exposure.
More specific corrections require insight into the exact form of the heteroscedasticity.
Specific cost requirements include guidance.
Specific costs depend on the product.
Specific costs depend upon the destination and the urgency of the shipment.
Specific countries contribute to the concerns for conservation of the species.
Specific countries have particular topical areas of interest.
Specific countries provide examples and case studies.
Specific countries use different terminology to refer to the same issue.
Specific courses allow students to focus on an area that fits their personal career goals.
Specific courses allow students to focus on an area that fits with personal career goals.
Specific courses are require d in each area of specialization.
Specific Courses are to be chosen with an advisor's consent.
Specific courses are to be cleared by the advisor.
Specific courses are to be decided by the student and advisor together.
Specific courses are to be selected with the advisor's consent.
Specific courses bring students into the local wilds.
Specific courses can also lie in the intersection of two or more areas.
Specific courses depend on approval of the student's committee.
Specific courses depend on areas of study.
Specific courses depend on the student's background and interests.
Specific courses depend on the student's background and research interests.
Specific courses emphasize discussion and ideas related to topics in the humanities.
Specific courses focus on people and developments in Africa, the Caribbean, and the Americas.
Specific courses help students develop their speaking, debating, and writing skills.
Specific courses listed satisfy the indicated content area.
Specific courses offer specialized knowledge.
Specific courses provide a student with the option for a career in land surveying.
Specific courses represent the core of sociology.
Specific courses required are in each department listing.
Specific courses targeted are foreign languages, postal services, and agriculture.
Specific courses teach basic anchor building skills and fundamentals of self-rescue.
Specific courses vary according to the engineering specialty.
Specific courses vary from year to year.
Some specific courses receive credit in both programs.
Specific coursework depends on the track or concentration selected.
Specific coursework is determined in conjunction with the faculty adviser.
Specific coursework is required.
Specific coursework is worked out in consultation with the director of undergraduate studies.
Specific credit awarded is listed with each exam.
Specific credit is arranged with the program director before departure .
Specific credit is arranged with the program director before departure.
Specific criteria accompany each speech assignment.
Specific criteria allows writing to be rated on more than just mechanics.
Specific criteria are prepared for particular product groups.
Specific criteria determine how IT functions are sourced and managed.
Specific criteria determine whether a patient has a somatic dysfunction.
Specific criteria exist when a legislative body considers regulation of a profession.
Specific criteria is available from any admissions officer or the assistant athletic director.
Specific criteria is determined by the donor.
Specific criteria is used to consider scholarship applications.
Specific criteria published on the company's Web site determine what is blocked under each category.
Specific criteria set by business units measure how each group performs.
Specific criteria vary according to project to which graduate student is applying.
Specific criteria vary, but are generally based on merit.
More specific criteria apply to papers presenting computational methods and algorithms.
Specific crops are cultivated in distinct growing regions throughout the world.
Some specific cures are very interesting, especially that of a toothache.
Specific curricula are available from the department.
Specific curricula support the assignments and coursework of the linked lecture class.
Specific cytokines help initiate and regulate the inflammatory process.
Specific databases vary from semester to semester.
Specific dates are available at the beginning of each semester.
Specific dates are available at the school or District office.
Specific dates are available from the athletics office.
Specific dates are available on the calendar.
Specific dates are determined each semester.
Specific dates are flexible.
Specific dates are to be determined.
Specific dates are yet to be confirmed.
Specific dates coincide with school semesters and are arranged on an individual basis.
Specific dates vary as to the exact founding of the church.
Specific dates vary by locality.
Specific data are available on individual charge letters.
Specific data are sparse on the role of occupational factors.
Specific data are still under development.
Specific data includes analysis of anti-aircraft flak, heavy weapons defense, and correspondence.
Specific data includes the use of songs for TV, radio and the Internet.
Specific data is available for smaller defined areas.
Specific data is given to each student upon enrollment.
Specific data is obtained for each aircraft.
Specific data regarding locations of pumping stations and pumping volumes appears to be unavailable.
Some specific data show the increases in selected areas of farming.
Specific days are flexible.
Specific days have yet to be decided upon.
Specific deadline dates for course changes are posted each semester.
Specific deadlines apply for Summer semesters.
Specific deadlines apply.
Specific deadlines are in place.
Specific decisions made by individual districts also come into play.
More specific declarations override more general ones.
Specific deferrals vary among loan programs.
Specific definitions follow.
Specific degrees require specific math courses.
Specific deliverables depend on the engagement.
Specific demands increase the level of focus of the juggling players.
Specific demands require specific pricing.
Specific departments have bulletin boards that they maintain for a specific use.
Specific descriptions are superfluous.
Specific descriptions follow below.
Specific descriptions follow.
Specific descriptors are essential.
Specific descriptors help observers to make more reliable observations.
Specific detail are yet to be worked out.
Specific detail is recorded in the purchase order distribution panel.
Specific details accompany each image.
Specific details add substance to a document and create credibility for the writer.
Specific Details addressing what exactly is required is based on the characteristic of each product.
Specific details are always helpful.
Specific details are as yet unavailable.
Specific details are available by calling individual terminals.
Specific details are available from the department.
Specific details are available here .
Specific details are available monthly with due notice given to media.
Specific details are available monthly, with due notice given to media.
Specific details are available on request .
Specific details are available on request.
Specific details are available upon request.
Specific details are dependent on the type of driver.
Specific details are forthcoming.
Specific details are in the sidebar, but it's worth mentioning a couple features.
Specific details are negotiable.
Specific details are on the next two pages.
Specific details are yet to be confirmed.
Specific details follow.
Specific Details Following are details specific to our servers.
Specific details have yet to be finalized, however.
Specific details have yet to be released.
Specific details listed below are examples of what is included with each proposal.
Specific details regarding each plan are available in each summary plan document.
Specific details regarding individual credit programs are available from faculties and departments.
Specific details regarding the chartered fleet are unavailable.
Specific details regarding the process continue to be developed.
Specific details regarding the trip include cost, time, and balloon specifications.
Specific details regarding tuition and course content are available on request.
Specific details vary by country.
More specific details are contained in the Speaker Compensation Policy , please read it carefully.
Much specific detail is present in the dialogue, but some general information is still present.
Some specific details relate to decisions.
Specific deterrence is also a proper sentencing consideration.
Specific developments affect wildlife and wildlife habitat.
Specific devise passes subject to mortgage or lien existing on date of death.
Specific diagnosis determines the therapy so that is the major goal.
Specific diagnosis is difficult.
Specific diagnosis is partly dependent on size.
Specific diagnosis is the key to any puzzling case of disease.
Specific diagnosis requires microscopic examination of hyphae and sporangia.
Specific dialogue works best when paired with the correct visuals and milieu.
Specific dice sequences yield extra points.
Some specific difficulties are with electric potential terminology.
Specific directions are in the front sleeve of the document itself.
Specific directions depend on the nature of the patient's condition.
Specific directories exist on campuses and various organizations.
Specific discharge is the volume flux of fluid which flows through a certain cross sectional area.
Specific disciplines demand different kinds of conditioning.
Specific disciplines listed exclude many elements.
Specific disclosures have to be made to the client entering into the contract.
Specific discussion can also be for either specialist or nonspecialist readers.
Specific diseases require appropriate medical intervention, as well as conditioning programs.
Specific disorders related to adrenal failure include the following conditions.
Specific distrust is easier to rebuild or accept than vague distrust.
Specific dreams carry a variety of symbols and images.
Specific dress is dictated by the events occurring in the office on any given day.
Specific drugs are more prevalent in different parts of the country.
Specific drugs can damage specific organs, depending on the drug.
Specific drugs inhibit the synthesis of the yeast equivalent to cholesterol.
Specific duties apply to a few items such as alcoholic beverages, tobacco, sugar and tea.
Specific duties are applicable to a few items.
Specific duties are as outlined below.
Specific duties are assessed by weight.
Specific duties are flexible according to skills and interest of the Volunteer .
Specific duties assigned vary with the placement site.
Specific duties concerning contracts include supervise and oversee contract managers.
Specific duties depend on the aide's training and experience.
Specific duties depend on the specialized field of study and the job description.
Specific duties depend on the station and their needs.
Specific duties depend on their level of responsibility and the type of employer.
Specific duties depend on which department has openings.
Specific Duties Promote the benefits of IEEE membership to fellow students.
Specific duties range from literature reviews to statistical programming and analysis.
Specific duties vary according to the industry and size of the organization.
Specific duties vary according to the position.
Specific duties vary according to theater and show assignment.
Specific duties vary depending on assigned projects.
Specific duties vary depending on the size and type of library.
Specific duties vary from company to company.
Specific duties vary with each program.
Specific duties vary with each research project.
Specific duties vary with the job.
Specific duties vary with the needs of the department.
Specific duties vary with the particular pool assignment.
Specific duties vary, depending on intern assignments.
Specific duties vary, depending on the institution or service being covered.
Specific effects occur at specific levels of ingestion.
Specific efforts focus on changes at the state, city, rural areas and local school district levels.
Specific elements respond to different subsets of the events.
Specific elements reveal their presence by sharp absorption dips in the plot.
Specific eligibility varies according to disease status for the different diseases.
Specific emphasis is effects of attention on motion processing.
Specific emphasis is given to capital budgeting and cost of capital.
Specific emphasis is given to enhancing critical thinking, problem solving, and performance skills.
Specific emphasis is given to preaching styles effective for church planting and development.
Specific emphasis is given to procedures applicable to livestock populations under selection.
Specific emphasis is given to several models of financing education.
Specific emphasis is given to temporal, spatial, and spatio-temporal dependence structure.
Specific emphasis is given to the role of the family in each theory.
Specific emphasis is given to the use of theory in initiating and interpreting research.
Specific emphasis is made on the distinctions between individual and tribal entrepreneurship.
Specific emphasis is on asset valuation.
Specific emphasis is on development during infancy and early childhood.
Specific emphasis is on differential diagnosis and treatment of minorities and special populations.
Specific emphasis is on keyboards and personal ways to avoid problems.
Specific emphasis is on the scientific method as a problem solving process.
Specific emphasis is on the scientific method as a problem-solving process.
Specific emphasis is placed on analysis and design of a corporate information system.
Specific emphasis is placed on developing problem solving, teamwork, and decision- making skills. .
Specific emphasis is placed on direct contact with consumers of mental health counseling services.
Specific emphasis is placed on group process and participation in voluntary health-behavior change.
Specific emphasis is placed on identifying appropriate strategies and decisions.
Specific emphasis is placed on ideology, representation of the subaltern, politics, and testimony.
Specific emphasis is placed on individual weaknesses discovered in Salon Evaluation.
Specific emphasis is placed on management styles, group behavior, and motivational theory.
Specific emphasis is placed on patients with schizophrenia and related disorders.
Specific emphasis is placed on refining practical horticultural skills.
Specific emphasis is placed on the development of American denominations and movements.
Specific emphasis is placed on the exploration of sexual attitudes, values, and behavior.
Specific emphasis is placed on the management of individuals and teams in effective organizations.
Specific emphasis is placed on the migration path for users toward the new products and services.
Specific emphasis is placed on the problems of the juvenile leading to delinquent behaviors.
Specific emphasis is placed on the student acquiring skills related to behavior therapy.
Specific emphasis is placed on topics covered in professional accounting certification exams.
Specific emphasis is placed on women as providers and consumers of social services.
Specific emphasis is placed upon plastics and other synthetic materials.
Specific emphasis is put on the elimination of racism and the celebration of diversity.
Specific emphasis varies.
Specific Employers are most interested in specific accomplishments.
Specific employment is employment for the express purpose of creating specified inventions.
Specific energy is energy density as a function of time measured in watt-hours per unit mass.
Specific entries chosen represent an experiment which tests a new approach to gather data.
Specific environments are available from spacecraft and carrier providers.
Specific environmental factors influence growth.
Specific enzymes act like software to read, copy, and manipulate the code in predictable ways.
Specific enzymes break down starch into amino acids.
Specific enzymes break down starch into simple sugar.
Specific enzymes control each of the different reactions.
Specific enzymes remove specific types of damage.
Some specific enzymes help proteins.
Some specific enzymes involve in activations.
Some specific enzymes involve in carcinogen activations.
Some specific enzymes involve in glycolysis.
Specific epithet comes from the Arabic vernacular word meaning aromatic gum.
Specific epithet is extra credit.
Specific epithet is in lower case.
Specific epithet means annual.
Specific epithet means calyx-like.
Specific epithet means cut like a bird's foot in reference to the fronds.
Specific epithet means pink.
Specific epithet means purple.
Specific epithet means smooth in reference to plant leaf surfaces.
Specific epithet means snowy.
Specific epithet refers to California.
Specific epithet refers to the plants distinctive leaf margin.
Specific equipment is available although skating can be accomplished on waxable cross country skis.
Some specific errors can have subcategories of error types.
Specific essays look at students' revising and editing practices.
More specific evaluation involves use of either holistic or analytical scoring protocols.
Some specific events become nuisances.
Specific examinations can also add to the trauma experience.
Specific examples are available on request.
Specific examples are available upon request.
Specific examples are beneficial.
Specific examples are essential.
Specific examples are helpful.
Specific examples are more effective than general statements about excellence.
Specific examples are more useful than generalizations.
Specific examples are much more powerful and interesting than generalities.
Specific examples are too many to mention.
Specific examples are welcome.
Specific examples demonstrate general chemical principles.
Specific examples draws from the insurance domain.
Specific examples ensure more accurate selection.
Specific examples follow.
Specific examples given Adequately describe reasons.
Specific examples help to illustrate the situation.
Specific examples highlight concepts.
Specific examples show how it works.
More specific examples covered include vestibulocular reflex and eye movements.
Some specific examples are as follows.
Some specific examples are charades, word problems, and guessing games.
Some specific examples follow.
Specific exclusions are literary and scientific manuscripts and military and local history.
Specific exercise elicits specific adaptations creating specific training effects .
Specific exercises assigned are highly individualized.
Specific exercises can remove fat from certain targeted body parts.
Specific exercises direct the formation of individual development plans.
Specific exercises grow out of each pair of poems.
Specific exercises help rehabilitate and stabilize the muscles, the skeleton and the spine.
Specific exercises help to build muscle strength, including the muscles used in breathing.
Specific exercises promote critical thinking and creative planning.
Specific experience is as follows.
Specific experience selling Internet advertising is a plus.
Specific experience working with high school age students is essential.
Specific experiences make a resume stronger and more individualized.
Specific experimentation is underway using a sub-surface setting device.
Specific expertise includes construction law, telecommunications and landlord-tenant negotiations.
Specific expertise includes project management, systems analysis, and system implementation.
Specific expertise resides in the area of transplant production and stand establishment.
Some specific facts lead to elimination.
Specific factors influence growth.
Specific factors regulate cell growth.
Specific factors regulate growth.
Specific factors require further investigations.
Specific factors require investigations.
Specific factors trigger activations.
Most specific factors regulate cell growth.
Most specific factors regulate growth.
Most specific factors require further investigations.
Most specific factors require investigations.
Some specific factors affect growth.
Some specific factors affect levels.
Some specific factors affect turbidity levels.
Some specific factors contribute to maintenance.
Specific features apply to applicable specifications, loadings, and structural configurations.
Specific features include consumption.
Specific features vary from one system to another.
Specific fees are only due after a particular service has been rendered in the adoption process.
Specific fees depend on building size, use, fixtures, and other variables.
Specific figures are hard to come by, but the signs of growing awareness of Linux are there.
Specific figures are subject to commercial sensitivities.
Specific files form a portfolio.
Specific files illustrating the work in progress are available for some groups.
Specific fitness refers to the areas of fitness that are specific to curling.
Specific flags seen below are departmental banners of arms designed from departmental arms.
Specific flowers have specific meanings, as well.
Specific focus changes each semester.
Specific focus changes yearly.
Specific focus includes the role of intronic regulatory elements in the control of transcription.
Specific focus is currently on dioxin and the suppression of host resistance to viral infection.
Specific focus is given to the standardized test scores of each participating school.
Specific focus is on quality, quantity, size ranges, selection, condition, and mix.
Specific focus is on serial transmission over public communications channels.
Specific focus is placed on matching of services to the needs of the offender.
Specific focus is placed on the members of the thrombospondin gene family.
Specific focus varies from year to year.
Specific focus varies.
Specific foods are especially dangerous.
Specific foods differ in the kinds and amounts of nutrients they provide.
Some specific foods are helpful for both problems also.
Some specific foods are linked to specific cancers.
Specific force is another name that has been used for g-force.
Specific format is required, and forms are provided.
Specific formulations give the particular of the cases, but the affirmation stands.
Specific functions have special arrangements.
Specific functions having a given name imply the existence of a generic function with that name.
Specific games can target specific groups.
Specific gems have exclusive characters and fetch required changes if worn in a prescribed way.
Specific genes are capable of inducing cell transformation, thus causing cancers to form.
Specific genes are responsible for the development of eyes.
Specific genes contain information to produce specific proteins.
Specific genes interact with one another to confer increased or decreased risk for alcoholism.
Specific goal is improvement of curricular and instructional practice through the supervisory role.
Specific goals are life-cycle optimized components and systems for track structure and running gear.
Specific goals become dynamic.
Specific goals enable teachers to gauge their success.
Specific goals follow.
Specific goals promote professional dialogue.
Specific grades help prepare.
Specific granules are less visible than in normally matured cells.
Specific gravity causes water.
Specific gravity has no unit name, but density does.
Specific gravity has no units.
Specific gravity is a dimensionless number.
Specific gravity is a measure of the density of a material.
Specific gravity is a measure of the sugars taken before and after fermentation.
Specific gravity is a measure of urine concentration.
Specific gravity is a useful concept when one is comparing materials.
Specific gravity is about the weight of the fluid.
Specific gravity is an indirect non-destructive method.
Specific gravity is associated with antibody level in colostrum.
Specific gravity is easy to measure.
Specific gravity is extremely temperature dependent.
Specific gravity is generally medium and baking and boiling qualities are good to excellent.
Specific gravity is higher after exercise and at night.
Specific gravity is highly related to the incidence of breaks and cracks.
Specific gravity is low but the selection has high yield potential.
Specific gravity is low to intermediate and yields are low to intermediate.
Specific gravity is measured by the relative comparison weight of water.
Specific gravity is measured in wet cell batteries to determine A. level of water.
Specific gravity is measured using a hydrometer.
Specific gravity is measured with a hydrometer.
Specific gravity is medium high and cooking quality is good.
Specific gravity is medium to high and makes a very good french fry.
Specific gravity is medium to high and texture is excellent for baking and french fries.
Specific gravity is medium to low.
Specific gravity is recommended as a means to estimate carcass fat in broiler chickens.
Specific gravity is related to density.
Specific gravity is relative density
Specific gravity is relative density.
Specific gravity is simply the relative weight of a mineral compared to an equal volume of water.
Specific gravity is the density of a material divided by the density of water.
Specific gravity is the density of a substance compared to the density of water.
Specific gravity is the density of a substance divided by the density of water.
Specific gravity is the difference in mass between water and any other object.
Specific gravity is the ratio of a substance's density to that of water at the same temperature.
Specific gravity is the ratio of density of a substance compared to that of water.
Specific gravity is the ratio of the densities of two substances.
Specific gravity is the ratio of the density of a material compared to the density of water.
Specific gravity is the ratio of the density of a material to the density of water.
Specific gravity is the ratio of the density of a mineral compared to the density of water.
Specific gravity is the ratio of the mass of a liquid to the mass of an equal volume of pure water.
Specific gravity is the ratio of the mass of a substance to the mass of an equal volume of water.
Specific gravity is the ratio of the weight of an object to the weight of an equal volume of water.
Specific gravity is the weight of a liquid compared with an equal volume of water.
Specific gravity is the weight of an object divided by the weight of the same volume of water.
Specific gravity is the weight of the specimen compared to the weight of an equal volume of water.
Specific gravity is used to measure the salinity of seawater as compared to distilled water.
Specific gravity means how much more than water does the slip weigh.
Specific gravity measures how much water a mineral sample displaces.
Specific gravity measures the density of a material.
Specific gravity plays an important part in all calculations involving liquid.
Specific gravity reflects material weight.
Specific gravity relates to the density of the wood.
Specific gravity tends to be low, thereby making the tubers well suited for boiling.
Most specific gravity causes water.
Specific groups concerned with architecture are always worth considering.
More specific groups have closer biology.
Specific growth factors regulate cell growth.
Specific growth factors regulate growth.
Specific guidance is issued to assist agencies.
Specific guidance is provided in defining alternative process definition and modeling techniques.
Specific guides are available outlining and grading numerous boulder problems.
Specific guidelines appear on the web.
Specific guidelines are available from the committee chairman.
Specific guidelines are available from the department chair.
Specific guidelines are available from the funding institution.
Specific guidelines are available online.
Specific guidelines are available to help districts make decisions about accommodations .
Specific guidelines are available to help districts make decisions about accommodations.
Specific guidelines are available.
Specific guidelines depend upon the nature of the conference.
Specific guidelines exist for foreign investors who are interested in oil exploration and mining.
Specific guidelines exist.
Specific guidelines follow.
Specific guidelines identify the transfer and articulation expenditures.
Specific guidelines vary from college to college.
Specific halls have programs to create learning communities.
Specific headings yielding around ten hits are probably more satisfying.
Specific headlines are more interesting and accessible.
Specific health related issues focus of the middle and older aged adult.
Specific heat is a physical measurement of a substance s ability to hold heat.
Specific heat is a physical property of all matter.
Specific heat is another physical property of matter.
Specific heat is discussed on pp.
Specific heat is heat
Specific heat is heat.
Specific heat is the amount of energy required to change the temperature of a substance.
Specific heat is the calories per weight of substance.
Specific heat relates the change in temperature and the change in heat energy content.
Specific heat works the same way.
Some specific heat has spikes.
Some specific heat has sudden spikes.
Specific help is available for some topics.
Specific help is located in the other help files.
Specific help is needed on newsletter production, membership and grant coordination.
More specific help is available in pico 's online help.
More specific help is available in pico's online help.
More specific help is available in pilot 's online help.
Specific hormones break down starch into complex sugar.
Specific hormones break down starch into simple sugar.
Specific hotels can offer ground-floor rooms and doors wide enough to accommodate wheelchairs.
Specific hours are flexible.
Specific hours are to be mutually agreed upon with immediate supervisor.
Specific humidity refers to the actual amount of water vapor in the air.
Specific hypotheses concern variation.
Specific identification is.
Specific idolatry destroys guidance.
Specific immunity is a function of lymphocytes.
Specific immunity is more complicated .
Specific immunity protects against only a single pathogen.
Specific immunoglobulins recognize specific antigens.
Specific impacts listed here are in response to the pressures listed in the previous sections.
Specific implementations prove as various as contexts and learners.
More specific implementations are available for some Scheme systems .
Many specific implications are detailed.
Specific impulse is a measure of the efficiency of rockets and jet engines.
Specific impulse is a measure of the force based on how much fuel there is.
Specific impulse is a standard way of measuring the performance of a rocket engine.
Specific impulse is a useful value to compare rocket or jet engines.
Specific impulse is expressed in units of seconds.
Specific impulse is in seconds.
Specific impulse is limited by the type of reaction mass and the heat the laser brings it to.
Specific impulse is that at cruise design point.
Specific impulse refers to the units of thrust per units of propellant consumed over time .
Specific impulse varies depending on the exhaust velocity of the expended mass.
Specific individuals exhibit aggressive behavior.
Specific individuals exhibit behavior.
Most specific individuals exhibit aggressive behavior.
Most specific individuals exhibit behavior.
Specific industries emerge and grow, creating new environmental problems.
Some specific industries have their own standards as well.
Specific information appears in the handbook and is also in the bulletin from time lo time.
Specific information becomes increasingly more important the older a car gets.
Specific information can reduce panic.
Specific information concerning careers for chemistry majors is provided below.
Specific information concerning each specialty track is available on the Web site.
Specific information follows concerning the most common hidden disability, a learning disability.
Specific information follows.
Specific Information Get our . . .
Specific information helps.
Specific information includes area codes, white pages and yellow pages.
Specific information includes dating, marriage, divorce, same sex couples, etc.
Specific information is aimed at test takers, researchers and teachers.
Specific information is always better than being vague.
Specific information is available about each ensemble by clicking on the titles below.
Specific information is available about families and children.
Specific information is available at each campus.
Specific information is available at each school web page above.
Specific information is available at the Undergraduate Admission Web site .
Specific information is available by contacting the agency.
Specific information is available by contacting the numbers listed below.
Specific information is available by following the desired links.
Specific information is available for employers also.
Specific information is available for siblings and relatives.
Specific information is available for sports visas , technology visas , and corporate client visas .
Specific information is available for the use of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs.
Specific information is available from agency personnel offices.
Specific information is available from each program director.
Specific information is available from individual departments.
Specific information is available from the counselors.
Specific information is available from the U.S. consulate processing the case.
Specific information is available from the United States consulate processing the case.
Specific information is available here on how the journal part of the library allocation operates.
Specific information is available in each course syllabus.
Specific information is available in each member institution's Registration office.
Specific information is available in the application and the handbook and from the program director.
Specific information is available in the dean's office in each school.
Specific information is available in the prescribing information.
Specific information is available on details and fees related to hearing aids.
Specific information is available on each product page.
Specific information is available on request.
Specific information is available on the patent process for Canada, Italy, and Japan.
Specific information is available on the patent process in Japan.
Specific information is available through the local county assessor's office.
Specific information is available under the faculty member's name.
Specific information is available upon request.
Specific information is below regarding reporting units.
Specific information is below.
Specific information is contained in each semester's class schedule.
Specific information is detailed in the catalog which is available in the bookstore.
Specific information is enclosed with the semester billing statement.
Specific information is found in the Acknowledgment Section of the Notary Handbook.
Specific information is given in the online catalog entry for each title.
Specific information is important.
Specific information is in the course syllabus.
Specific information is in the designated course syllabus.
Specific information is in the invitation.
Specific information is in the spring brochure.
Specific information is in the summer brochure.
Specific information is included for dealing with pets.
Specific information is included in our educational program catalogs and calendars.
Specific information is included on reducing, or eliminating chill haze.
Specific information is included with the application.
Specific information is included without source documentation.
Specific information is included.
Specific information is kept strictly behind closed doors.
Specific information is listed below, as well as on signs posted along the routes.
Specific information is listed in each vacancy announcement.
Specific information is listed on the labels.
Specific information is maintained for each site.
Specific information is needed regarding enhanced career opportunities.
Specific information is provided about each course.
Specific information is provided about the benefits and liabilities for teams.
Specific information is provided below on each event.
Specific information is provided below the image map.
Specific information is provided each semester.
Specific information is provided for the three most common classes of lanterns.
Specific information is provided in the land sale catalog, available for purchase.
Specific information is provided in the menu below.
Specific information is provided monthly.
Specific information is required for each person and a separate form used for each person sought.
Specific information is required for each processor.
Specific information is required with a credit report request.
Specific information is send docs, sample, tips, design, dosage, etc.
Specific information is sent home in the backpacks.
Specific information is sent in award notification letters.
Specific information is to be provided only if active support has changed.
Specific information is tracked for each site over time.
Specific information pertaining to each age category is outlined separately below.
Specific information regarding activities and participants follows.
Specific information regarding afiliate sites is the responsiblity of the affiliated organization.
Specific information regarding all meetings appears below.
Specific information regarding committees is given in the attached by-laws.
Specific information regarding data collection is noted below.
Specific information regarding degree requirements is available in the department office.
Specific information regarding each break period is distributed to students prior to the break.
Specific information regarding each major is available by clicking on the appropriate link.
Specific information regarding each of the exams is below.
Specific information regarding each pages' monthly impression rates are available.
Specific information regarding each pages' monthly impression rates is also available.
Specific information regarding exact hours earned is available from the unit payroll representative.
Specific information regarding internships is available from the department.
Specific information regarding the academic standing procedures is provided in the Student Handbook.
Specific information regarding the accreditation scheme is available from the SEDA website.
Specific information regarding training opportunities is also available.
Specific information regarding vacation is handled by each department.
Specific information submit to appropriate subcategory.
Specific information subsumes a very limited number and variety of phenomena.
Any specific information required to answer the questions is contained in the stimulus material.
More specific information follows.
More specific information is also available by profession.
More specific information is also available for each giving entity.
More specific information is available at the Consular Section of the U.S. Embassy.
More specific information is available below under the relevant headings.
More specific information is available by clicking here.
More specific information is available by following the various links.
More specific information is available depending on the manufacturer and model.
More specific information is available during the ordering process.
More specific information is available from the department chairperson.
More specific information is available from the individual vendor.
More specific information is available from the program office.
More specific information is available in the chapter's annual summary to the national chapter.
More specific information is available in the individual group reports.
More specific information is available in the Teacher Education Handbook.
More specific information is available on the download page.
More specific information is available on the linked pages on the left.
More specific information is available on the web pages linked below.
More specific information is available upon request.
More specific information is available.
More specific information is below.
More specific information is contained in the on-campus class schedule booklet.
More specific information is given in the chart on the following page.
More specific information is included in student's notification of dismissal.
More specific information is included on the application materials.
More specific information is outlined in the supplementary information section below.
More specific information is posted in the department.
More specific information is provided below.
More specific information is provided in the links.
More specific information is provided on the attached sign-up sheet.
More specific information is provided on the individual island sites.
More specific information is provided to each borrower on the promissory note.
More specific information is supplied in the department graduate manual published on the web.
More specific information needs to be put next to the questions on the application.
Some specific information depends on climates.
Specific initiatives are at the planning stage.
Specific initiatives come from outstanding faculty members.
Specific injunctions target harmful traditional practices, sexual abuse and trafficking in children.
Specific inquiries are always welcome.
Specific inquiries are welcome.
Specific inquiry is necessary to establish the extent of meal effects.
Specific inspections vary depending on the project.
Specific instances are important in getting the order granted.
Specific instruction is based upon an assessment of the student s current level of performance.
Specific instruction is given in the basic techniques of military map reading.
Specific instruction is needed for many or all life skills activities.
Specific instructions appear below.
Specific instructions appear on all containers.
Specific instructions appear on each pesticide's label.
Specific instructions apply.
Specific instructions are available from the office.
Specific instructions are available on line and with individual software packages.
Specific instructions are available through Parking Enforcement or Traffic and Parking.
Specific instructions are available.
Specific instructions are in the form.
Specific instructions are in the observation experience packet.
Specific instructions are on the form.
Specific instructions come with kit that can be reproduced.
Specific instructions follow each of the project instructions below.
Specific instructions follow.
Specific instructions regarding different ways to apply are at the top of each form.
Specific instructions regarding each on-line form are available from within the form.
More specific instructions are available from the course web site.
More specific instructions are available.
More specific instructions follow.
Specific instrumentation used in the lab includes a computer-driven video motion capture system.
Specific intent is an element for certain aggravated unauthorized absences.
Specific intent is preferred.
Specific interest is mastitis.
Specific interest is taken into consideration to determine the focus of the internship.
Specific interest is targeted towards the nutrient needs of the elderly.
Specific interests are in biomechanics, rehabilitation, and muscle physiology.
Specific interests concern the origin, evolution and maintenance of secreted virulence proteins.
Specific interests focus on structural analysis and axiomatic foundations of such models.
Specific interests lie in neurohormonal control of the heart and regulation of cardiac output.
More specific interests are critical realism and marxism.
Some specific interests are regulation, merger control, and competition policy.
Specific interfaces allow the user to visualize and improve parallelism of Fortran sources.
Specific internships vary from semester to semester.
Specific interpretation gives way to a more visceral response.
Specific investigations involve exited states formed in the collision process.
Specific ionization is the number of ion pair per unit distance formed along the path of a particle.
Specific irritants affect people with atopic dermatitis to different degrees.
Specific issues are extra meritorious pay, the reclassification process, and extra compensation.
Specific issues can vary significantly from year to year depending upon the circumstances.
Specific issues covered are life purpose, accomplishment and failure, and flow.
Specific issues examined include the use of caps, labels, coatings and sleeves.
Specific Issues Following are brief discussions of specific design issues.
Specific issues reflect students' areas of concentration.
Specific issues relate to the user interface and file formats.
Some specific issues offer insight.
Some specific issues offer useful insight.
Some specific issues related to investment in certain sectors of the economy are to be codified.
Some specific issues relating to the civil service deserve further amplification.
Specific items are available by mail order.
Specific items are common.
Specific items are easy to locate because of excellent signage and orderly, eye-catching displays.
Specific items are subject to availability.
Specific items can invoke offers for warranties and related products.
Specific items depend on the craft itself.
Specific items vary depending upon the season, harvest and market conditions.
Specific items vary.
Many specific items are required to participate, Please check here for a complete gear list.
Some specific items are required to participate, Please check here for a complete gear list.
Specific itineraries attract certain people.
Specific jobs range from stream restoration and thinning to assessment tasks and mapping.
Specific jobs require that composites be manufactured with certain desirable properties.
Specific joints exhibit pain, tenderness, redness, and swelling.
Specific juices are beneficial in specific conditions.
Specific jurisdiction arises out of, or is related to, the defendant's contacts with the forum.
Specific jurisdiction exists if the suit arises out or is related to the defendant's conduct.
Specific labels apply only to a given file.
Specific language is also an important issue to be addressed.
Specific language is needed.
Specific language is provided.
Specific language is required to make such authority valid.
Specific language prevails over general language.
Specific languages provide different types of checks.
Specific laws apply to different media.
Specific laws apply to the handling of funds used in campaigns.
Specific laws govern the storage, transport and use of nuclear materials.
Specific laws limit mergers, prohibit strategic pricing, and regulate entire industries.
Specific laws vary with each jurisdiction, but key features are consistent.
Specific learner needs at varying levels.
Specific leaves are good for specific things.
Specific lectures cover all major areas of endocrinologic diagnosis, pathophysiology and treatment.
Specific legislation does exist to promote political choice.
Specific legislation is anticipated to be introduced in the next few weeks.
Specific legislation is the best method of taking that intervention.
Specific legislation protects bank secrecy.
Specific legislation provides certainty for netting and set off.
Specific lessons show students how to access, analyze, evaluate and produce media messages.
Specific letters are colored and a pattern emerges.
Specific level varies from semester to semester.
More specific level is needed, ex.
Specific lifts target specific muscle groups.
Specific limits are in place to ensure only qualified persons staff the agency.
Specific links are below.
Specific links follow the subcategories.
Specific linkages can lead to very specific chemical and biological behavior.
Specific list is a liberal interpretation of rights.
Specific listings are available in the department office and on the departmental Web page .
Some specific localities are on the south side of sec.
Specific location is unknown.
Specific locations are available within each show site.
Specific locations are highly dependent on community resources.
Specific locations are subject to some area specific charges.
Specific locations have additional local co-sponsors.
Specific locations vary, subject to availability of accommodations.
Specific luminosity is higher than the Earth's , suggesting greater radiogenic heat production.
More specific maps are available via the snapshot searches above.
Specific marks are made to indicate the types of errors.
Specific markets are places where two or more people exchange goods and services.
Specific masks are defined to minimize foreground residuals and systematics.
Specific materials are yet to be determined but are in the works.
Specific materials react to certain gases.
Specific measures are in place to control and eliminate the disease if needed.
Specific measures can help.
Specific measures depend on the ecological characteristics of the given site.
Specific measurements vary from region to region.
Specific mechanisms play roles.
Specific mechanisms solve problems.
Most specific mechanisms play roles.
Most specific mechanisms solve problems.
Specific medications used include the treatments described below.
Specific media vary, with a focus on one approach each term.
Specific mention is made of housing, breeding and feeding methods, as well as animal welfare issues.
Specific mention is made of the types of library materials that fall prey to such antisocial acts.
Specific mention is to be made of any amounts which remain outstanding in excess of six months.
Specific menus are available from each caterer upon request.
Specific methods covered are surveys, observation, focus groups, and secondary data analysis.
Specific methods used for the production of Elk Suitability are as follows.
Specific methods used for the production of the Hardwood Production Suitability map are as follows.
Specific methods vary.
Specific methodologies inform of unique phenotypes or inheritance patterns.
Specific models guide the operator through a weighing cycle with displayed instructions.
Specific models vary as to eligibility.
Specific molecular mechanisms solve problems.
Specific molecules are responsible for the guidance of temporal and nasal fibers across the tectum.
Specific monitoring depends on the underlying cause of the fainting.
More specific monitoring depends on the underlying cause.
Specific motions are appropriate for each stage of the meeting.
Specific music can trigger precise cognitive states appropriate for learning.
Specific music is a problem.
Specific music is played to encourage student's imagination and interdisciplinary thought.
Specific music is used to resonate the particular organ being treated.
Specific names help machines send messages across a network.
All specific names included in the package are registered trademarks and are hereby acknowledged.
All specific names included in the website are registered trademarks and are hereby acknowledged.
Specific needs vary with each user.
Specific norms have to be worked out for the preservation of the natural river banks groves.
Specific notes are as follows.
Specific notes relating to the tables appear underneath the tables or at the end of the publication.
Specific notices do exist for OGC documents and software.
Specific novels focus on specific literature themes.
Specific number is determined in consultation with instructor of adviser.
Specific nutrients Eat foods containing calcium.
Specific objectives are as follows.
Specific objectives are available for each standard.
Specific objectives are to enhance the participants knowledge, skills and attitudes about cancer.
Specific objectives are to maintain a physical presence by patrolling harbor and waterfront areas.
Specific objectives describe specific behavior.
Specific objectives follow.
Specific objectives match answering the following questions.
Specific objectives serve as a link between goals and action.
Specific objectives vary but generally relate to special student populations.
More specific objectives focus on the many competencies needed to perform that role well.
Specific observations are few.
Specific observations are used to construct general scientific principles.
Specific occupations cover a broad range of professional careers.
Specific offerings are dependent on resource availability.
Specific offerings are generally interdisciplinary.
Specific offerings vary each semester, some occur on alternate years.
Specific offerings vary from summer to summer.
Specific offerings vary year by year.
Specific ones depend on the viewpoint of the user.
Specific operations are subject to longstanding procedures for official and ministerial clearance.
Specific operations can be more effective when managed by a specialist contractor or outsourced.
Specific options are available for different makes and models.
Specific order is best.
Specific orders welcome.
Specific organisms show evidence.
Most specific organisms show evidence.
Some specific organisms cause diarrhea.
Specific outcomes are context dependent and determined by the needs of the institution.
Specific outcomes vary with the program and with the background of the children participating.
Specific output includes ad hoc reports developed for each site.
Specific pages can be photocopies and used as free-standing activities.
Specific pages carry additional responsibilities.
Specific paperwork is required for each investigation.
Specific parameters depend upon local workstation configurations.
Specific parameters tested in the MC drain also require further study.
Specific parasites require specific action.
Specific parts have video or diagrams detailing how to remove and replace parts.
Specific partnerships are available and are customizable for each corporate investor.
Specific patents relate to cache management, branch prediction and high-speed instruction.
Specific penalties range from reprimand to banishment.
Specific percentages are available in the salary planning web application.
Specific percentages vary according to college of enrollment.
Specific performance calls for the performance of an act promised in a contract.
Specific performance is an appropriate remedy.
Specific performance is appropriate in favor of the plaintiffs in the present case.
Specific performance is only available if the contract is capable of being performed.
Specific performance is performance
Specific performance is performance.
Specific permission is required when using such seals or logos.
Specific personalities vary, but are always extreme.
Specific pests are major items of discussion.
Specific Phobia is the exaggerated fear of a specific situation or object.
Specific phobia is the fear of a specific object or thing.
Specific phobias are common in childhood and typically are outgrown by adulthood.
Specific phobias are common in females.
Specific phobias are common.
Specific phobias are fears caused by a specific object or situation.
Specific phobias are more common in females, and impairment is usually minimal.
Specific phobias are particular to the individual.
Specific phobias are typically fears of particular objects or situations.
Specific phobias involve things such as certain animals or flying in airplanes.
Specific phobias occur in people of all ages.
Specific pitches affect specific chakras.
More specific pitfalls await the unprepared.
Specific placement is based upon one s skills on entry into the program.
Specific placement is based upon one's skills on entry into the program.
Specific plans are as follows.
Specific plans are plans that are clearly defined and leave no room for interpretation.
Specific plans determine precise land use patterns, setbacks, and design within defined boundaries.
Specific plants grow in specific biomes.
Specific plays live on in the collective memory.
Specific points are more useful than vague philosophizing.
Specific points are used for different conditions.
Specific points covered are theme, foreshadowing, irony, setting, and moral effect.
Specific policies are available from the department.
Specific policies are currently in development.
Specific policies are to be determined by the instructor.
Specific policies can provide detailed instructions for making remedial action decisions.
Specific policies can vary between educational institutions.
Specific policies follow from the code.
Specific policies govern admission, performance standards, good standing, retention and licensure.
Specific policies relate to a specific operation or facility such as residence halls.
Specific policies require annual declarations for premium renewal.
Specific policies targeting congestion or auto emissions can be more effective, the authors claim.
Specific policies vary by publisher.
Specific policy is articulated about moving and disposing of equipment.
Specific policy is articulated regarding moving and disposal of equipment.
More specific policies are continually under development.
Specific populations have characteristic properties such as size, density, and dispersion.
Specific postures are subject to modification by commanders to permit mission accomplishment.
Specific postures help relieve gas and constipation.
Specific practice is required for acquisition of more complex skills.
Many specific practices have the potential to enhance sustainability.
Specific praise guides future behavior.
Specific praise helps children understand the true value of their actions.
Specific praise is meaningful.
Specific precautions are mandatory in such cases.
Specific prediction focuses on predicting the actual time of eruptions.
Specific predictions are suspect.
Any specific prediction is likely to be proven wrong.
Some specific predictions are as follows.
Some specific predictions make predictions.
Specific preparation is always very helpful.
Specific prevention is unknown.
Specific prices are available on request.
Specific prices vary according to the modules chosen and the number of users.
Specific pricing depends on the number of employees and services selected.
Specific pricing is available on request.
Specific pricing is dependent on the number of simultaneous users.
Specific pricing is dependent upon the number of simultaneous users.
Specific pricing is related to the evaluation of the the actual circumstances.
Specific pricing varies based on the number of users.
More specific pricing is available.
Specific primers exist.
Specific priority is given to mathematics education and related content and learning skills.
Specific prize is noted on entry page.
Specific problems can arise in performing forehand, backhand and services.
Specific problems change dramatically and rapidly.
Specific problems exist when attempting to make a family-owned business successful.
Specific problems exist when canning pickled peppers in oil.
Specific problems relating to current work are likely to be most illuminating.
Specific problems require specific solutions.
Specific problems targeted include mesh generation and load balancing.
Specific problems vary according to where they live.
Specific procedures apply when a person is required to work in a confined space.
Specific procedures are also in force for the disposal of computer output.
Specific procedures are available in the office of the business manager.
Specific procedures are necessary to properly respond to acts of terrorism.
Specific procedures are widely variant depending on local customs.
Specific procedures governing the reporting of abuse and neglect are in effect.
Specific procedures vary from company to company.
Specific processes used include glassblowing, lampworking, and staining glass.
Specific product attributes is a key item of information.
Specific products can change quickly.
Specific products reduce dependence.
Most specific products reduce dependence.
Some specific products contain slime.
Some specific products contain snail slime.
Specific programs are available in neuropharmacology and cardiovascular pharmacology.
Specific programs are devoted to interdisciplinary topics.
Specific programs are subject to change or rescheduling.
Specific programs are yet to be determined.
Specific programs have specific limitations for family income and the purchase price of the home.
Specific programs have their own web pages at the main mechanical engineering graduate web page.
Specific programs help older adults expand their options for work and personal enrichment.
Specific programs offered by the fire department include the following.
Specific programs offered include student and teacher training.
Specific programs require particular courses to fulfill some divisional distribution requirements.
Specific programs require that applicants fulfill program admission requirements.
Specific programs target solutions in the four primary areas.
Specific programs target youth with special needs.
Specific programs vary from country to country.
Specific programs vary from one chapter to another.
More specific programs are in the works.
Some specific programs have formal announcements with deadlines.
Some specific programs have higher grade requirements.
Some specific programs have special requirements for qualification.
Specific programming is detailed in the device datasheet.
Specific project plans to upgrade software on individual workstations.
Specific project requires special training.
Specific projects are available for sponsorship and underwriting.
Specific projects are in progress for the kangaroo, emu, crocodile and camel industries.
Specific projects are to be decided and evaluated in light of participation by both Counties.
Specific projects center on angiogenesis as well as proteases produced by metastatic cells.
Specific projects depend on the interest of instructor and students.
Specific projects depend upon the needs of the client firms and interest of students.
Specific projects Establish an Internet forum for discussion of the education on valuation.
Specific projects Establish an Internet forum for discussion of the virtual academy.
Specific projects focus on dyslexia, amblyopia and basic mechanisms of motion perception.
Specific projects focus on growth, development and reproduction.
Specific projects gain other support.
Specific projects Promote the importance of ethics in business.
Specific projects require some mix of content production and software development.
Specific projects vary during the year.
Specific projects vary from semester to semester.
Specific properties are intensive because they exist at a point.
Specific properties do have vehicle restrictions.
Specific proposals have to be developed.
Specific protection is provided for geographical indications.
Specific proteins are also critical in the process.
Specific proteins have precise lengths and sequences of amino acids.
Specific proteins transport many small molecules and ions.
Specific provisions apply to the re-shipment of radioactive waste.
Specific provisions exist for Kashmir to which both India and Pakistan lay claim.
Specific provisions vary based on intended use.
Specific publications reach specific audiences just like radio and television.
More specific publications are also available.
Specific purchases obstructed by provincial governments are relatively small potatoes.
Specific purpose depends on the design problem, training discipline and role in development team.
Specific qualifications are currently under development.
Specific qualifications vary from one award to another.
Specific queries are welcome.
Specific queries provide reports utilized in a consolidated administrative environment.
Specific questions are always better than general questions.
Specific questions are more likely to get useful answers than are general ones.
Specific questions are necessary in order to get a helpful response.
Specific questions are the best.
Specific questions can then follow.
Specific questions follow each discussion.
Specific questions prompt undesired answers.
Specific questions regarding the material are always helpful and welcome.
Specific questions regarding the office are always welcome.
Specific questions welcome.
Specific quotes are available based on volume of work.
Specific quotes are available on request.
Specific quotes are available upon request.
Specific rate is the rate for s sub-population.
Specific rates are available upon request.
Specific rates vary with weed species and size.
Some specific reaction occurs in fruit.
Specific reading is listed in appropriate sections of the course description.
Specific readings reflect individual needs and interests.
More specific reading is given below with each of the essay questions.
Specific receptors are sensitive to pain, temperature, chemicals, etc.
Specific recommendations apply neither to all breeds nor to the variations within a single breed.
Specific recommendations are as follows.
Specific recommendations are available for niche sectors.
Specific recommendations are offered to help improve the quality of care clinicians provide.
Specific recommendations are pending.
Specific recommendations are yet to be developed.
Specific recommendations depend on the travel itinerary and the medical history of the traveler.
Specific recommendations follow discussions of the various levels of emergency care.
Specific recommendations follow.
Many specific recommendations arise from the detailed research findings.
Some specific recommendations are questionable.
Specific reference is made to cross-cultural studies.
Specific reference is made to discussions on two occasions.
Specific reference is made to information technology.
Specific reference is made to the interest of wards of the state and people with disabilities.
Specific reference is made to writing, performance, cinema, and the visual arts.
Specific reference ranges and trended data.
Specific references are available on request.
Specific references are available upon request .
Specific references are available upon request.
Any specific reference is available upon request .
Some specific references are noted within the text.
Specific reforms are under way in a number of areas.
Specific regions face less favorable conditions.
Specific registration is required.
Specific regulations apply - see back of permit.
Specific regulations apply depending on the routing, carrier or infectious agent.
Specific regulations apply for survivor's pensions of civil servants.
Specific regulations apply to certain items, requesting that the country of origin be stated.
Specific regulations apply to the importation of spirits for human consumption.
Specific regulations apply.
Specific regulations determine whether proposed uses are consistent with the designation.
Specific regulations govern the catching of each species game fish.
Specific regulations govern use.
Specific regulations regarding the master's degree program are available from the graduate adviser.
Specific regulations relate to issues such as manual handling, lead control, asbestos and noise.
More specific regulations are available for persons requesting a refuge permit.
Most specific regulations govern use.
Specific relations organize the various layers distinguishable internally to each stratum.
Specific remedies are available for candidal balanitis.
Some specific remedies are list below with the conditions for which they are suited.
Specific reports are available for acute care and specialty hospitals.
Specific reports are available on request.
Specific reports vary from technology to technology.
More specific reports are available for a fee.
More specific reports are welcome.
More specific representations can also cause concerns.
Specific requests elicit prompt responses.
Specific requirement varies by major.
Specific requirements apply for each discipline.
Specific requirements apply in certain departments.
Specific requirements apply to each method.
Specific requirements apply to the property studies specialisation.
Specific requirements are available from the chair.
Specific requirements are available upon request.
Specific requirements are dependent upon a vessels operational distance from the nearest port.
Specific requirements are determined in consultation with the individual faculty supervisor.
Specific requirements are in place, including a follow-up report.
Specific requirements are in the graduate catalog.
Specific requirements are on file in the departmental office.
Specific requirements Check new program guidelines.
Specific requirements Demonstrate fiscal integrity.
Specific requirements depend on a student's career interests.
Specific requirements depend on course content.
Specific requirements depend on species being lighted.
Specific requirements depend on the executable being translated.
Specific requirements differ from state to state.
Specific requirements follow.
Specific requirements govern the discontinuance of nonconforming uses.
Specific requirements include guidance.
Specific requirements influence complexity.
Specific requirements regarding levels of formal education vary with each employer.
Specific requirements vary among programs.
Specific requirements vary among the departments.
Specific requirements vary at individual transfer institutions.
Specific requirements vary by college.
Specific requirements vary by job responsibility.
Specific requirements vary by priority.
Specific requirements vary by state.
Specific requirements vary depending on selected track.
Specific requirements vary depending on the field of study chosen by the student.
Specific requirements vary depending upon the nature of the program undertaken by the student.
Specific requirements vary for each concentration.
Specific requirements vary from organization to organization.
Specific requirements vary from program to program.
Specific requirements vary from state to state.
Specific requirements vary with each certificate program.
Specific research opportunity relates to growth.
Specific research opportunity relates to human growth.
Specific research opportunity relates to human population growth.
Specific research opportunity relates to population growth.
Specific research is described with implications to future work described.
Specific research responds to identified needs of the state.
Specific resources are focuses on intermediate grades.
Specific resources have an internal fallback value.
Specific responses are best.
Specific responsibilities are at the discretion of the instructor.
Specific responsibilities are in the attached job description.
Specific Responsibilities Assemble all food needed to serve for breakfast.
Specific responsibilities depend on the terms of the contract.
Specific responsibilities range from systems development to end-user computing.
Specific responsibilities vary according to the job.
Specific responsibilities vary from department to department.
Specific responsibilities vary on the department.
Specific responsibilities vary with each organization.
Specific responsibilities vary, depending on the nature of the project.
Specific restaurants are as follows.
Specific restaurants are available upon request.
Specific restrictions apply in some cases.
Specific restrictions apply to court orders for child support or alimony.
Specific restrictions limit the type of expenditures paid from a contract or grant.
Specific rights apply .
Specific rights apply to specific types of resources.
Specific rights apply.
Specific risk is the risk which is unique to an individual asset.
Specific risks associated with laser vision correction are overcorrection or undercorrection.
Specific rituals have to be performed in their honour.
Specific role is determined by the member s needs.
Specific roles vary form agency to agency and are as broad as human needs are.
Specific rotation is a physical property like boiling point and can be looked up in references.
Specific rotation is affected by temperature, probing wavelength, solvent, pH and concentration.
Specific rules apply for foreign workers wanting to gain employment in Canada.
Specific rules apply to each payment method for how and when to submit tax payment information.
Specific rules apply to some devices and protocols.
Specific rules apply to where certain objects can be defined.
Specific rules apply.
Specific rules are unique to each sanctuary.
Specific rules govern admission to the Utah State Bar.
Specific rules govern both the evidentiary panel hearing and the de novo trial in district court.
Specific rules govern the way in which they are sung and presented.
Specific rules govern where new knights can enter the board and how they move.
Specific rules guide students as they practice constructive interaction and problem solving.
Specific rules regulate direct mail communications.
Specific rules regulate direct written communications.
Specific rules regulate how the viruses recognize their target cells, moreover.
More specific rules restrict investment in land.
Specific savings vary from place to place.
Specific schedules apply to records that are unique to a state agency.
Specific schedules are available at the pools.
Specific schedules are flexible.
Specific schedules can and do change.
Specific schedules vary, depending on the local practices at each of our locations.
Specific scheduling is the responsibility of the appropriate administrator.
Specific schools have additional requirements.
Specific screens summarize information for borrowers, settlement, and other loan features.
Specific searches exist for creator, title, style, or site.
Specific searches tend to be faster.
Specific searches work best.
More specific searches produce fewer results.
Specific seats are subject to availability.
Specific sections are available for UK and non UK dating services.
Specific sections are devoted to family violence and firearm injuries.
Specific sections cover current employment and graduate school pursuits.
Specific sequences can also be particularly prone to rearrangement.
Specific series utilizes the same pressure connections as our gas boosters.
Specific serology is available.
Specific services are available from the websites of different offices or programs .
Specific services are on a self-referral basis.
Specific services are to be developed by content providers.
Specific services make use of basic and generic services.
Specific services provided include local telecommunications, printing, publishing and mail.
Specific services vary from community to community.
Specific settings are the places where individual scenes take place.
Specific shifts are subject to availability.
Specific signs get along with other signs in various ways.
More specific signs can include an enlargement of the liver itself, and jaundice.
Specific significance is paid to the development of Macedonian culture.
Specific sins appear and disappear from the lists throughout the centuries.
Specific sites are still somewhat flexible.
Specific sites have their own searching capabilities.
Specific situations require individual analysis as to compliance with current laws and regulations.
Specific skill needs change regularly, but good people are always welcome in our pond.
Specific skills are more important than class of degree.
Specific skills are necessary, and vary, depending on the specific program one is involved with.
Specific skills are necessary.
Specific skills are subclasses of general skills and are, true to their name, very specific.
Specific skills are transient in the technical arena.
Specific skills depend on program and program options.
Specific skills need for jobs.
Specific skills needed are cooks, truck drivers and mechanics.
Specific skills vary by grade level and student level of preparation.
Specific skills vary.
Specific software is required to access and manipulate the program bandwidth data.
Specific sounds help reinforce where the fight is taking place.
Specific specialization is built on during the second year.
Specific species can become nitrate accumulators if appropriate conditions exist.
Some specific species are known to spread severe disease to humans, livestock , and crops.
Every specific sport is a combination of different very specific ability movemnets.
Specific staff are responsible for the delivery of technical training on an on-going basis.
Specific stains give varying results depending on the organism being treated.
Specific standards are available from any of our offices upon request.
Specific standards exist to encourage pulp recycling.
Specific statements are far more effective than vague generalities.
Specific statutes require that sales to HMOs be included in best price calculations.
Specific steps are taken to thaw it and inseminate the female dog.
Specific steps are to be written down.
Specific steps vary according to the problem, but almost always involve hearing both sides.
Specific stipends depend upon documented prior wages, education and experience.
Specific storage is the property of sediment to retain fluids during pore pressure variations.
Specific storm advisories iii.
Specific stories make letters more valuable.
Specific strategies are detailed to focus the more general marketing goals.
Specific strategies are still in development.
Specific strategies can reduce employee fear, work disruption, and customer concern.
Specific strategies vary at each site.
Specific strategies vary from child to child.
Many specific strategies are available to educators to help troubled students.
Some specific strategies are below.
Specific strength is that which enhances optimal muscular performance for particular movements.
Specific studies begin in second year with pedology, mineralogy, physics and chemistry.
Specific studies deal with anatomy and physiology.
Specific studies show correlations between the floristic composition and predatory behaviour.
Specific subject is indicated each time the course is offered.
Specific subjects covered include composing agendas, conducting interviews and organizing meetings.
Specific Subjects See also various gateway sites above .
Specific subjects vary each offering.
Specific subjects vary each semester.
Specific substances appear in urine.
Most specific substances appear in urine.
Specific suggestions are most helpful of course.
Specific suggestions are welcome.
Specific suggestions weave arithmetic, reading and writing into daily activities.
Some specific suggestions follow.
Specific switches Find a way to put switch-dependant informations outside the code.
Specific symbols indicate the exit to a given area.
Specific symptoms depend upon the site of disease, which can occur in almost any organ system.
Specific symptoms vary with the individual nerve involved.
Specific systems covered include superfluid helium, the quantum hall states and liquid crystals.
Specific systems transport the proteins into the mitochondria from the cytoplasm.
Specific tables report the trends of monograph and serial prices in law and medical libraries.
Specific tags check boxes, radio buttons and selections are also very useful.
Some specific tags have attributes which are marked after the name of the tag.
Specific tasks are as follows.
Specific Tasks are key to organizing.
Specific tasks are negotiable based on interest of intern.
Specific tasks come in the form of electronic mail.
Specific tasks have b een given to the committees.
Specific tasks range from choosing targets to performing on-orbit upgrades.
More specific tasks are also posible such where actual physics experiments are involved.
Specific taxes are of a fixed amount based on a number, or standard of weight or measurement.
Specific techniques are highly variable, according to personal preferences.
Specific techniques are more effective for some components than others.
Specific techniques are still under development.
Specific techniques depend on the counsellor's therapeutic orientation.
Specific techniques have a greater chance of teaching certain other techniques.
Some specific techniques are more common in digging than in passing.
Specific technologies converge into highly integrated systems.
Specific technologies cure specific problems.
Specific technology is easier to protect than ideas.
Specific teleconferences focus on the following topics.
Specific terms are better than general terms most of the time.
Specific terms are used to describe the sexual expression of individual plants within a population .
Specific terms are used to describe the sexual expression of individual plants within a population.
More specific terms are dust devil, waterspout and tornado.
Specific termination features Four subjects generally are addressed in termination clauses.
Specific terminology is used to describe flowers and their parts.
Specific tests are also available that can identify exactly which immunoglobulins are deficient.
Specific tests can now reveal even small amounts of lead in blood .
Specific tests define binder characteristics in terms that are related to pavement distress.
Specific tests exist to ensure that the material used is suitable for the purpose.
Specific tests indicate the contents of the system's water.
Specific tests make it possible to evaluate the quality of products such as fish or baked goods.
More specific tests are also some times needed.
More specific tests are available but require professional administration.
More specific tests cost more money.
Specific theme is announced in the semester course schedule.
Specific theme is announced in the semester schedule.
Specific therapies are available to help alleviate snoring when it becomes problematic.
Specific therapy depends on the bleeding site.
Specific therapy depends on the etiology of the radiculopathy.
Specific therapy includes chemotherapy, corticosteroids, and radiotherapy.
Specific therapy is initiated if and when it is necessary for a specific child.
Specific therapy is so often successful that there is a limited role for nonspecific medicines.
Specific therapy using natural, concentrated, raw gland substances is of prime importance.
More specific therapy depends on the etiology of the hyperammonemia.
More specific therapy is case specific.
Specific things are easier to ask for, like money for a computer, or to travel to a conference.
Specific thoughts associated with Internet addiction are subconscious and automatic.
Specific thresholds are still under development for broccoli.
Specific time is allotted for experience in the theory and practice of teaching and research.
Specific time varies with the season and different areas of the state.
Specific times are subject to change.
Specific times are yet to be determined.
Specific times vary by semester.
Specific times vary depending on the course.
Specific times vary for each ensemble.
Specific timing depends on type of product.
Specific tips follow.
Specific titles are available on the location record although the air dates are unknown.
Specific titles have yet to be revealed.
Specific today is an airline baggage handling system.
Specific tolerances aregiven for the different paint layers from primer to top coat.
Specific tools allow for positioning and adjustment of directional screen lines.
Specific tools excel at locating different types of webpages.
Specific topic depends on instructor.
Specific topic is announced each time the course is offered.
Specific topic is announced in advance of registration.
Specific topic is announced in the course schedule of any given semester.
Specific topic is announced prior to registration.
Specific topic is determined jointly by the student and the journalism instructor.
Specific topic varies according to faculty assigned and is published when the course is offered.
Specific topic varies from seminar to seminar.
Specific topic varies.
Specific topics alternate each semester depending on student and faculty interests.
Specific topics alternate each semester depending on student and faulty interests.
Specific topics are available for various grade levels.
Specific topics are developmental, functional and projection anatomy.
Specific topics are interpolation, numerical integration and root finding.
Specific topics are the water cycle and how clouds are formed.
Specific topics are up to participants.
Specific topics begin with taxonomy, heredity, evolution and ecology.
Specific topics can include the following or others to be negotiated.
Specific topics change from year to year, reflecting the emphasis and route of that year's trip.
Specific topics change from year to year.
Specific topics change with each offering.
Specific topics considered include maritime liens, seamen's rights, salvage, and carriage of goods.
Specific topics covered are child language, speech and voice science, and related subjects.
Specific topics covered are dependent on the instructor.
Specific topics covered in depth are identity, autonomy, sexuality, and moral development.
Specific topics covered in the course vary from year to year.
Specific topics covered include an overview of operating systems and assembly language.
Specific topics covered include concert and theatre production.
Specific topics covered include fund raising, grant writing, and working with volunteers.
Specific topics covered include home, automobile and life insurance.
Specific topics covered include present value concepts, cash and receivables, and inventories.
Specific topics covered include radio, television, records, and video production.
Specific topics covered on the site include exotic species, fisheries, tourism, and water quality.
Specific topics covered vary from year to year.
Specific topics depend upon the research projects underway.
Specific topics differ from year to year.
Specific topics vary according to faculty and student interests.
Specific topics vary according to faculty assigned and are published when the course is offered.
Specific topics vary across semesters.
Specific topics vary and are announced in the class schedule.
Specific topics vary by quarter.
Specific topics vary by semester.
Specific topics vary depending on interests of students and instructors.
Specific topics vary depending on who attends and what they want to discuss.
Specific topics vary depending upon the interests of students and faculty.
Specific topics vary each semester.
Specific topics vary each time offered.
Specific topics vary from quarter to quarter.
Specific topics vary from semester to semester.
Specific topics vary from term to term.
Specific topics vary from year to year, depending on the expertise of the annual visiting professor.
Specific topics vary from year to year.
Specific topics vary given the special needs of the students.
Specific topics vary weekly and determined in advance by the discussion group.
Specific topics vary with instructor.
Specific topics vary with students' needs and interests.
Specific topics vary with the interests of faculty and students.
Specific topics vary year by year.
Specific topics vary, from Southwest Asia to the Vietnam War to the politics of Japan.
Specific topics vary.
Some specific topics covered are patterns, garbage collection, the use of CRC cards, and much more.
Some specific topics depend on interest.
Some specific topics depend on student interest.
Specific tour stops to be announced.
Specific toxins are found only in amphibians and are used to defend against predators.
Specific training is given to members in sharing their faith and inviting others.
Specific training is given to members in welcoming guests.
Specific training is given to teach the technical skills required for a particular project.
Specific training is important.
Specific training is necessary to achieve optimal use of the device.
Specific training is needed for effective plan marketing and sales.
Specific training is offered in all science content areas and other technical areas.
Specific training is provided by each assignment.
Specific training is provided by each individual department.
Specific training is provided to all registered laser workers.
Specific training is subject to management approval based on available resources.
Specific training is undertaken on product, design, and sales as new consultants are employed.
Specific training occurs through discipline situations where Biblical counsel is given.
Specific training offers workers greater protection from layoffs than does general training.
More specific training aimed at special theme workcamp helps to insure success of the project.
More specific training is based on the individual's interest.
Specific traits are, therefore, the outcomes of the interactions among many molecules.
Specific traits can also be the result of adaptations for other functions that have since changed.
Specific transitions show logical development of thought.
Specific treatment can be immunologic or by antiviral compounds.
Specific treatment consists of antibiotics.
Specific treatment depends on the cause of the edema.
Specific treatment depends on the cause.
Specific treatment depends on the joint involved and the degree of injury.
Specific treatment depends on the quantity and type of plant that was eaten.
Specific treatment depends on the stage and severity of the disease.
Specific treatment depends on the underlying cause of the conjunctivitis.
Specific treatment includes fluid and electrolyte replacement.
Specific treatment is always necessary to improve quality of life and decrease renal potential risk.
Specific treatment is directed at the cause.
Specific treatment is limited to the specific stage of the disease.
Specific treatment is meted out to women detainees because of their sex.
Specific treatment is unnecessary since the condition is self-limiting.
Specific treatments are available for the symptoms of croup and bronchiolitis .
Specific treatments are available.
Specific treatments are often related to the body damage that occurs.
Specific treatments depend on the individual.
Specific treatments do exist for some problems which occur along with the disease.
Specific treatments vary depending on the concomitant illnesses.
Specific treatments vary, depending upon the tumor's location, patient's age and overall health.
More specific treatments depend on the cause.
Specific triggers are therefore random causes.
Specific tumors are listed alphabetically in the pages to follow.
Specific types grow under different climates, temperatures, and modes of existence.
Specific units change as the technologies change.
Specific units help students identify and correct fragments and run-ons in practical ways.
Specific uses are dyspepsia, gastric catarrh, loss of appetite and liver troubles.
Specific usage varies by campus.
Specific users can add their own coding for specific usage.
Specific vacancies range from staff to senior management and are grouped by country of origin.
Specific vaccinations are mandatory for entry into certain countries.
Specific value is seen for technical and Management-level decision makers.
Specific values are in bold for easy reference.
Specific variables predict future distress or divorce.
Some specific variation affects body chemistry.
Some specific variation affects chemistry.
Many specific varieties exist with an assortment of appearances and scents.
Some specific varieties are more resistant than others.
Specific vegetables have periods of growth when a good supply of water is essential.
Some specific vegetables are good sources of B vitamins, calcium and iron.
Specific vignettes add spice to the story. . . .
Specific viruses attack specific types of cells.
Specific volume is the reciprocal of density.
Specific volume means volume divided by mass, which is the reciprocal of the density.
Specific volumes are available on interlibrary loan.
Specific wastes are exempt from state and federal hazardous waste regulations.
Specific words are better than general.
Specific work environments depend on factors.
Specific work assigned for the entire semester is summarized below.
Specific works are in parentheses.
Specific works used as teaching models are from literature and social studies.
Specific workflows are less directive and are used more to coordinate tasks between users.
Specific worries can lead to disaster.
Specific yield is expressed as a percent.
A specific is a fact
Specific allows only a user having a particular numbered copy of the software program to decrypt.
Specifics accompany each item.
Specifics are a bore, but basically finances are a burden.
Specifics are also important in discussing extracurricular activities and professional achievement.
Specifics are also important in discussing professional achievement.
Specifics are always better than generalities.
Specifics are as follows.
Specifics are available on request.
Specifics are available through the director of international studies.
Specifics are available upon request.
Specifics are available.
Specifics are below.
Specifics are due from management later.
Specifics are here.
Specifics are important because zoning resolutions have the force of law when adopted.
Specifics are important.
Specifics are in the manpages.
Specifics are interesting and believable, wherease generalities help generate disbelief.
Specifics are medicine.
Specifics are merely memorizations.
Specifics are often critical to the successful resolution of a problem.
Specifics are often helpful in diagnosis.
Specifics are on file for review in assistant dean for student affairs office.
Specifics are on the web site.
Specifics are preferred.
Specifics are proprietary.
Specifics are still subject to the village's approval.
Specifics are stronger than generalities.
Specifics are to be decided at a later date.
Specifics are unknown to most smokers.
Specifics are unknown.
Specifics are vital to constructive criticism.
Specifics are what proposal reviewers look for.
Specifics can divide people.
Specifics depend on the college, the field of study, and the articulation agreement.
Specifics eliminate the possibility of grade inflation.
Specifics follow below, with a bug-fix list at bottom.
Specifics have yet to be revealed.
Specifics matter even more.
Specifics regarding the other proposals are still in the planning stages.
Specifics sell, and quantification is one way to communicate specifics.
Specifics still have to be gone into.
Specifics vary according to state regulations.
Specifics vary depend- ing on location of banner and if client desires a customized campaign.
Specifics vary from college to college, of course.
Specifics vary from provider to provider, but the result is essentially the same.
Specifics vary from region to region.
Specifics vary from site to site, but auctions generally last from a few hours to several days.
Specifics vary in each academic department, but some general guidelines follow.
Specifics vary with position.
Many specifics remain to be worked out as the actual plan is developed over the next year.
More specifics are available on the Tour Details Page.
More specifics are below.
More specifics are forthcoming.
More specifics regarding each board follows the list.
Some specifics follow .
Specifical focus is on how to model uncertainty in real-time systems.
Specification errors are errors detected when checking the specifications.
Most specification languages have a type system.
A specification is a description
Specification allows the exchange of interactive timing diagram information in a standard form.
Specification are inconsistent.
Specification are subject to change without notice.
Specification calls for the script file to return at least one header.
Specification can be another victim of inadequate pre-planning.
Specification can take much longer than writing the initial code.
Specification consists of an architecture and a set of semantic recommendations.
Specification includes all characteristics of each device, circuit and complete function of chip.
Specification includes QoS, bandwidth allocation, etc.
Specification is a proposal and therefore is incomplete without it.
Specification is all about.
Specification is available here .
Specification is available through net services.
Specification is broken.
Specification is clear, concise and unambiguous.
Specification is defined as being somewhere on the path to being determined.
Specification is exactly the same as the original 'R'-valve.
Specification is frozen now.
Specification is hard.
Specification is here .
Specification is input to output of isolator in percent of the monitors full scale range.
Specification is most likely complete.
Specification is released.
Specification is the first stage.
Specification is used when a clause specifies something about an object or person.
Specification isa description.
Specification s are subject to change without notice.
Specification seems very complex.
Specification starts with the analysis of the end user's operations.
Specification updates as well.
Specifications also describe how to package, pack, label, mark and unitize product.
Specifications apply in either clockwise or counterclockwise rotation.
Specifications apply to all models except as noted below.
Specifications apply to each of the four independent channels.
Specifications are a good thing, and so is flexibility.
Specifications are a vital part of a comprehensive, quality management program.
Specifications are approximate and subject to change without notice.
Specifications are approximate only and intended solely as a guide.
Specifications are approximate.
Specifications are approximation only.
Specifications are as given above.
Specifications are as per manufacturer information and accurate to the best of our knowledge.
Specifications are available at the above address.
Specifications are available by clicking on the term.
Specifications are available for each format.
Specifications are available HERE .
Specifications are available in English.
Specifications are available on individual lots.
Specifications are available on request.
Specifications are available upon request.
Specifications are below the table.
Specifications are boolean expressions based on elementary specifications.
Specifications are complex and vary from one client to another.
Specifications are conservative.
Specifications are descriptions of a book design in table form.
Specifications are descriptions.
Specifications are determined and work is done to implement the modifications.
Specifications are documents.
Specifications are for informational purposes only and are subject to change without notice.
Specifications are for standard structural steel in either inches or metric.
Specifications are frequently the name of a particular bacterium.
Specifications are generous.
Specifications are here .
Specifications are in progress.
Specifications are liable to change without notice.
Specifications are more accurate.
Specifications are naming.
Specifications are notoriously vague.
Specifications are now available.
Specifications are now in the deliverable phase .
Specifications are preliminary and are subject to change.
Specifications are preliminary and subject to change without notice.
Specifications are prepared to assure professional quality systems while controlling cost.
Specifications are provided by the manufacturer.
Specifications are same as above.
Specifications are stringent and are strictly enforced.
Specifications are subject to alterations.
Specifications are subject to change according to country requirements.
Specifications are subject to change and improvement without notice.
Specifications are subject to change as part of our continuing program of product improvement.
Specifications are subject to change at any time without notice or obligation.
Specifications are subject to change at any time without notice.
Specifications are subject to change at any time.
Specifications are subject to change at manufacturer's discretion.
Specifications are subject to change due to continuing product improvement.
Specifications are subject to change or improvement without notice.
Specifications are subject to change without any notice.
Specifications are subject to change without further notice.
Specifications are subject to change without no tice.
Specifications are subject to change without notice .
Specifications are subject to change without notice due to continuing development.
Specifications are subject to change without notice due to the continuing development.
Specifications are subject to change without notice for improvement.
Specifications are subject to change without notice or obligation.
Specifications are subject to change without notice to accommodate improvements to the equipment.
Specifications are subject to change without notice, all information is for reference only.
Specifications are subject to change without notice.
Specifications are subject to change without notification.
Specifications are subject to change without prior notice.
Specifications are subject to change witout notice.
Specifications are subject to change.
Specifications are subject to changes without notice.
Specifications are subject to changes without prior notice.
Specifications are the place to start.
Specifications are the primary means of communication between an agency and a vendor.
Specifications are the result of the evaluation, comparison, and selection of construction products.
Specifications are the road map for any construction project.
Specifications are the same as factory built units.
Specifications are to clearly state packaging requirements, size, types of finishes, etc.
Specifications are, therefore subject to change without notice.
Specifications Be explicit.
Specifications below are for glass bottles only.
Specifications can also be in the form of prototypes, mockups, and models.
Specifications can be maximum worst case, typical, or sometimes non-existent.
Specifications can change without notice.
Specifications can either enhance or inhibit competition.
Specifications change without notice.
Specifications Click HERE for full page photo.
Specifications constrain the solution to having a finite set of characteristics.
Specifications contain provisions for quality assurance.
Specifications continue to change with technology.
Specifications describe chemicals that can be obtained commercially.
Specifications describe the concrete solution of a problem, normally based on interfaces.
Specifications Describe the role of specifications in determining quality.
Specifications differ with application and sometimes with existing observational capability.
Specifications encompass the physical characteristics of future products and the target unit cost.
Specifications establish a conceptual framework for project.
Specifications establish the characteristics of the goods or services the buyer intends to purchase.
Specifications exist for commonly used parameters.
Specifications explain how the requirements are supposed be implemented and completed.
Specifications follow from that.
Specifications formally describe product performance.
Specifications Getting right on with things here is a quick run down of the boards main features.
Specifications give the names of types, and the names and types of functions in the package.
Specifications given are from factory production aircraft.
Specifications have a secondary function of validation.
Specifications have the force and effect of law.
Specifications include development.
Specifications indicate an inch of rocker.
Specifications keep the scope of the project under control, and staff keep the project focused.
Specifications listed are general.
Specifications listed are subject to change.
Specifications Listed below are the main parameters of the laser beams.
Specifications makes communicating easy.
Specifications never carry trademarks.
Specifications occur at every level in the design process.
Specifications otherwise remain exactly the same, as does pricing.
Specifications provide mechanisms.
Specifications range from inexpensive man-made fiber materials to higher priced natural fibers.
Specifications range from institution size to major area of interest.
Specifications range from modest accent treatments to outscaled productions for public concourse.
Specifications reflect the customer's needs.
Specifications Review the features system requirements, and screen shots of DocumentWriteViewer.
Specifications serve as benchmarks for evaluating designs as well as their implementation.
Specifications shown are typical and subject to change without notification.
Specifications take a long time to define, even longer to implement and then often miss the target.
Specifications take precedence over drawings.
Specifications use manufacture techniques.
Specifications use modern manufacture techniques.
Specifications use modern techniques.
Specifications Use residential specifications.
Specifications use techniques.
Specifications Use the following federal guidelines when purchasing traffic control products.
Specifications used to describe products are conservative averages.
Specifications vary by course, please check individual course details.
Specifications vary by major.
Specifications vary by region and according to the particular needs of mills.
Specifications vary depending on the lighting effect the customer desires.
Specifications vary depending on the valve type and size.
Specifications always refer only to specification fields, never to concrete fields.
Specifications frequently change during the course of building work.
All specifications above are subject to change without prior notice.
All specifications apply to every location, except where expressly noted.
All specifications are applicable from DC through the entire frequency range unless otherwise noted.
All specifications are approximate and dimensions are nominal.
All specifications are approximate only and subject to change by manufacturer without notice.
All specifications are approximate.
All specifications are current, with frequent additions of new products and test solutions.
All specifications are figures for the prototypes.
All specifications are for standard sensors only.
All specifications are for U.S.A. versions.
All specifications are on the latest information available at time of printing.
All specifications are preliminary and subject to change without notice.
All specifications are subject to change at any time without any notice or obligation.
All specifications are subject to change by the manufacturer without prior notice.
All specifications are subject to change due to upgrades.
All specifications are subject to change or updating without notice or obligation.
All specifications are subject to change with out notice.
All specifications are subject to change without notice .
All specifications are subject to change without notice or obligation.
All specifications are subject to change without notice.
All Specifications are subject to change without notice.
All specifications are subject to change without prior notice.
All specifications are subject to change without prior notification.
All specifications are subject to change, without notice or obligation.
All specifications are subject to change. .
All specifications are subject to change.
All specifications are subject to correction or change without notice or obligation.
All specifications are tentative and subject to change.
All specifications are the same unless otherwise noted.
All specifications are to their latest revision.
All specifications are typical unless otherwise noted.
All specifications are up to the standands of state and topped international standands.
All specifications are up to the standards of state and topped international standands.
All specifications are valid for the entire page.
All specifications are with no load unless otherwise noted.
All Specifications are with no load unless otherwise noted.
All specifications are with no load unless otherwise specified.
All specifications can be comma-separated lists of values .
All specifications mentioned in the following Web pages are subject to change without notice.
All specifications provided here are subject to change without notice.
All specifications relate only to the prototype.
All specifications shown above are typical, unless otherwise stated.
All specifications shown are subject to change at any time without notice.
All specifications shown are subject to change without notice.
All specifications shown are typical.
All Specifications shown are typical.
All specifications shown below are typical, unless otherwise stated.
Any specification is subject to interpretation when attempting to apply it to real world situations.
Many specifications exceed state minimum school bus requirements.
Many specifications exceed the state minimum school bus requirements.
Many specifications offer the user a menu of choices keyed with 'a', 'b', 'c' etc.
Many specifications require production lot traceability.
More specification appear on product brochures.
Most specifications provide mechanisms.
Most specifications use manufacture techniques.
Most specifications use modern manufacture techniques.
Most specifications use modern techniques.
Most specifications use techniques.
Some specifications are more important than others.
Some specifications call for operations.
Some specifications can even be copied and pasted directly into a tool, without translation.
Some specifications here are totally new, the result of an adoption process that has just completed.
Some specifications vary by country due to local telecommunications regulatory requirements.
Specificities depend on the risk stratification pre-testing.
Specificity can be critical in testing meat and other food products.
Specificity exists between carrier and substance.
Specificity is quality
Specificity measures the ability of a test to correctly exclude disease in a nondiseased person.
Specificity refers to objective patterns that information is capable of exhibiting.
Specificity refers to specific sports function.
Specificity refers to the detail and substantiveness of the information contained in a document.
Specificity refers to the test's ability to detect noninfected animals.
Specificity refers to the true negative rate.
Specificity refers to the type of reaction such as hydrolysis or polymerization.
Specificity shows interest.
More specificity usually means more credibility for the feedback.
Specified accommodation is subject to availability at the time of booking.
Specified amendments are also in order.
Specified attire is required for gym classes.
Specified chapters are from the text.
Specified complexity is a statistical notion.
Specified complexity is evident in cosmological fine tuning and in biological complexity.
Specified credit depends on courses passed.
Any specified installation is available by our licensed, insured and bonded contractors.
Specified luncheons are corporate sponsored.
Specified name becomes default when page is reloaded.
Every specified option applies to every specified file , or standard input.
Specified penalties provide a more accurate assessment of the balance between crimes and sanctions.
Specified quantities are minimum and on an undiluted basis.
More specified reasons are necessary to establish good cause.
Specified requirements are necessary when analysing some crop kinds.
Specified sensitivity is one microvolt.
Specified services are available to the public as well.
Specified stipends are minimum levels.
Specified topics change each year.
Specified types are limited to int, long, and double.
Specifiic experience working in vineyards is preferred.
Specilaized information is very hard to track down.
Specimen appears relatively dark against a bright background.
Specimen appears to be contaminated by a spill or a foreign substance.
Specimen blanks after trepanning.
Specimen contains microscopic animals.
Specimen copy of agreement currently using in Indiana.
Specimen copy of all investment advisory agreements.
Specimen creates custom guitars and tube amplifiers of the highest quality.
Specimen gives off an electronic signal as it passes.
Specimen gripping Gripping the specimen in aggressive environments is often problematic.
Specimen has excellent detail, color contrast and relief with matrix.
Specimen holding vice tilting capacity is provided on one axis with height adjustment made easily.
Specimen is agatized and colors run green,rose,and brown.
Specimen means a dried blood filter specimen collected on an approved specimen collection form.
Specimen means any wildlife or plant, whether live or dead.
Specimen pick up can be arranged from anywhere in the surrounding area.
Specimen plan documents available for each design option.
Specimen radiograph demonstrating calcium.
Specimen shown is approximately actual size .
Specimen turns rosey tint if discovered in raw natural state.
Specimen turns rosy tint if discovered in raw natural state.
Any specimen lacking a locality label is worthless.
Every specimen has a unique sample number and preprinted label that identifies it during testing.
Every specimen is collected according to the individual protocol of each investigator.
Every specimen is unique.
Every specimen is worthy of our museum.
Some specimen records for Virginia.
Specimen dissection is used to define, study and document anatomical relationships.
Specimen dissection is used to define, study, and document anatomical relationships.
Specimen plants grow in full sunlight.
Specimen plants grow in sunlight.
Specimen quality is important.
A specimen is an example
Specimen isa example.
Specimens accumulate in herbaria for a variety of reasons.
Specimens also are loan to other educational institutions.
Specimens are a mixture of whole mounts, plastomounts and slides.
Specimens are a useful tool for teaching about the diversity of life.
Specimens are accessible by systematic relationships and geologic age.
Specimens are accessible for both research and education.
Specimens are also available for loan to qualified researchers at recognized institutions.
Specimens are available by loan to qualified scientists.
Specimens are available for crossmatch for three days after collection.
Specimens are available for loans to researchers.
Specimens are comparable to the Russian gemstones.
Specimens are diurnally periodic microfilariae from blood of soldier infected in Society Islands.
Specimens are drawn to scale and represent mean size for each species.
Specimens are due on the date of the last class.
Specimens are examples.
Specimens are excellent collectibles and make handsome additions to any desk.
Specimens are fairly common in museum collections but none has been produced for many years.
Specimens are films and membranes of various thicknesses.
Specimens are fluorecent lemon yellow under shortwave UV light.
Specimens are fragile and easily destroyed during handling.
Specimens are fragile and require special treatment.
Specimens are from the Smithsonian collection.
Specimens are in the quadrangle.
Specimens are inexpensive and can be obtained from many Canadian mineral dealers.
Specimens are injection molded to test product properties and processing characteristics.
Specimens are kept ideally in glass tubes with tightly-fitting plastic tops.
Specimens are less on guard.
Specimens are more valuable when they are fresh, but frozen specimens are still useful.
Specimens are mostly marine, although there are some terrestrial snail shells.
Specimens are mostly translucent to individual crystals being transparent.
Specimens are mostly translucent to small crystals being transparent.
Specimens are often deeply colored and show well-developed crystals.
Specimens are often multi-trunked, with an open, graceful habit.
Specimens are on display.
Specimens are opaque.
Specimens are orange, red, or brownish in color, and commonly display evidence of bioturbation.
Specimens are plentiful on campus.
Specimens are precisely prepared using state of the art micro abrasive and lapidary equipment.
Specimens are prepared as a synthetic buffered base to which the above analytes are added.
Specimens are rare from tropical and high polar latitudes.
Specimens are rare in tropical and polar latitudes.
Specimens are samples.
Specimens are secured to the stage with a pair of clips.
Specimens are slightly radioactive.
Specimens are small and pigmentation is variable within a species.
Specimens are somewhat radioactive.
Specimens are stable for several days.
Specimens are stained with a color dye so that they are easily distinguished under a microscope.
Specimens are subject to availability.
Specimens are substances extracted from the body of a patient.
Specimens are the basic building blocks for monographs.
Specimens are then moist cured before movement to the laboratory for storage and testing.
Specimens are to be arranged so the box can be exhibited horizontally.
Specimens are to be kept refrigerated with frozen ice substitue while in transit.
Specimens are to be verified and reviewed by the committee.
Specimens are translucent to less commonly transparent.
Specimens are translucent to less often transparent.
Specimens are translucent to opaque, but small crystals can be transparent.
Specimens are translucent to opaque.
Specimens are translucent to transparent.
Specimens are translucent.
Specimens are transparent to opaque.
Specimens are transparent to translucent.
Specimens are usually first fixed and then embedded with wax or resin before sectioning.
Specimens are usually minimally punch cancelled.
Specimens are worthless without the collection data.
Specimens average three inches in length and a quarter inch in diameter.
Specimens buried in mud become blackened.
Specimens can be a member of many sets to a degree.
Specimens can be especially nice when combined with other rare minerals.
Specimens can be in a wide variety of forms.
Specimens can be unpleasant and infective.
Specimens can move rapidly, reversing directions abruptly, and defending themselves vigorously.
Specimens can remain on the cane in liquid nitrogen for several years.
Specimens can swim in circles when prodded.
Specimens can tarnish to black.
Specimens come from all over Finland.
Specimens come from homes.
Specimens differ greatly in appearance from generation to generation.
Specimens do require a dormancy otherwise they lose their vigour.
Specimens document the variation in form and geographical range of species.
Specimens exceeding six feet are rare.
Specimens exhibit behavior.
Specimens fluoresce in many variations of color.
Specimens generally have a fusion crust, which is dull black to brown in colour, and quite soft.
Specimens grow in areas.
Specimens grow in places.
Specimens have ages.
Specimens have antibodies.
Specimens have appearances.
Specimens have arrangements.
Specimens have buttons.
Specimens have color.
Specimens have diameters.
Specimens have different appearances.
Specimens have eat food.
Specimens have features.
Specimens have food.
Specimens have heads.
Specimens have historical values.
Specimens have incomplete skulls.
Specimens have natural color.
Specimens have orderly arrangements.
Specimens have ranges.
Specimens have receptors.
Specimens have shapes.
Specimens have skulls.
Specimens have taste.
Specimens have trunk diameters.
Specimens have values.
Specimens illustrate diversity.
Specimens indicate behavior.
Specimens listed in red are of particular interest.
Specimens living in our Zoo breed well.
Specimens occur in gold, but most frequently in silver.
Specimens possess sharp teeth.
Specimens possess teeth.
Specimens preserve features.
Specimens range from thumbnails to large cabinet size.
Specimens range from tiny babies to full-grown adult males and females.
Specimens range in size from finger-length fish to individuals up to two meters in length.
Specimens range in size from one inch to three by four feet in size.
Specimens reach adult ages.
Specimens reach ages.
Specimens reach maturity.
Specimens reach sexual maturity.
Specimens represent genus.
Specimens represent same genus.
Specimens represent the head portions including two left mandibles, and dentition.
Specimens seen in North America are more than likely escaped aviary birds.
Specimens show characters.
Specimens show considerable details.
Specimens show damage.
Specimens show details.
Specimens show extensive damage.
Specimens show fungal damage.
Specimens show growth.
Specimens showing the entire legend clearly struck are quite scarce.
Specimens shown are of a representative size.
Specimens taken from turbid water are often pale colored, almost tan in coloration.
Specimens thereby become vouchers for the published classifications and information.
Specimens use for tests.
Specimens use in tests.
Specimens vary according to color, shade, transparency, size of crystals and crystal form.
Specimens vary but many utilize active axoplasm extruded from the longfin squid giant axon.
Specimens vary in weight.
Specimens yield results.
Specimens often appear spotted with pale scales.
All specimens are available for study.
All specimens are bats unless otherwize noted.
All specimens are captive born to insure a high quality, parasite free animal.
All specimens are complete on both sides.
All specimens are flash frozen and used up quickly.
All specimens are for sale.
All specimens are from the slice illustrated above.
All specimens are number coded and keyed.
All specimens are numbered, the notebooks are with the collection, and many are named to genus.
All specimens are subject to prior sale.
All specimens are the property of the United States.
All specimens are to be in the lab the first morning of the scheduled exams.
All specimens are to be treated as routine and reported in the usual laboratory format.
All specimens are well covered with protective wax.
All specimens bear lot numbers which reference field notes and additional data in a card file.
All specimens borrowed are to be returned with annotation slips properly signed and dated.
All specimens can be individually and easily removed at any time for use.
All specimens consist of generously donated human tissue.
All specimens have a broken zig-zag stripe down the back from head to tail.
All specimens have fusion crust.
All specimens have large, raised die striations on the reverse left of the mintmark.
All specimens preserved in our standard preservative have a one year guarantee.
Many specimens appreciate a heat lamp near the top of the terrarium.
Many specimens are difficult to maintain in captivity for prolonged periods.
Many specimens are on campus.
Many specimens are prepared with coverslips of other thicknesses.
Many specimens are rare.
Many specimens are too near the horizontal in carriage.
Many specimens are type fossils never seen outside of Russia.
Many specimens contain some zinc as well.
Many specimens exhibit a hood mark.
Many specimens have a pale vertebral stripe.
Many specimens have an aesthetic as well as historical value.
Many specimens have bones damaged in combats with rivals or predators.
Many specimens have gastroliths or stomach stones in their abdomens.
Many specimens have large bacteria in the en- doplasm.
Many specimens have planchet problems and circulation marks.
Many specimens have surfaces that are heavily abraded, especially on the obverse.
Most specimens also have a light yellowish brown middorsal lateral fold.
Most specimens also have a rustcolored stripe down the back.
Most specimens appear to be from Australia.
Most specimens are black with dark brown antennal segments, tarsi, and mouthparts.
Most specimens are dusky or green on top, silvery below, and between three and four inches long.
Most specimens are from the central and southeastern United States.
Most specimens are thumbnails and miniatures.
Most specimens are well struck and have luster that is frosty and above average.
Most specimens come from homes.
Most specimens contain some inclusions, the most common being rutile needles.
Most specimens display wine-colored sepals contrasting with the whitish petals.
Most specimens exhibit a black oval blotch in the axil of the pectoral fin.
Most specimens exhibit flight markings and evidence of a violent atmospheric breakup.
Most specimens grow in areas.
Most specimens grow in places.
Most specimens have a dark temporal streak on the side of the head, running through the eye.
Most specimens have ages.
Most specimens have antibodies.
Most specimens have appearances.
Most specimens have arrangements.
Most specimens have buttons.
Most specimens have color.
Most specimens have diameters.
Most specimens have different appearances.
Most specimens have eat food.
Most specimens have features.
Most specimens have food.
Most specimens have heads.
Most specimens have historical values.
Most specimens have incomplete skulls.
Most specimens have natural color.
Most specimens have orderly arrangements.
Most specimens have ranges.
Most specimens have receptors.
Most specimens have sagittal crests.
Most specimens have shapes.
Most specimens have skulls.
Most specimens have small flanges on the middle set of legs, and minute spikes up and down the legs.
Most specimens have trunk diameters.
Most specimens have values.
Most specimens have white markings.
Most specimens indicate behavior.
Most specimens lock right into an annual breeding performance as manipulated by the keeper.
Most specimens possess sharp teeth.
Most specimens possess teeth.
Most specimens preserve features.
Most specimens reach adult ages.
Most specimens reach ages.
Most specimens reach maturity.
Most specimens reach sexual maturity.
Most specimens remain in residue lots.
Most specimens remain unidentified and in fluid, but with full host data.
Most specimens represent genus.
Most specimens represent same genus.
Most specimens represent the metamorphic stage.
Most specimens seem malnourished looking wasted despite their voracious appetites.
Most specimens show characters.
Most specimens show considerable details.
Most specimens show damage.
Most specimens show details.
Most specimens show extensive damage.
Most specimens show fungal damage.
Most specimens show growth.
Most specimens sold as tourmaline are the species elbaite.
Most specimens use for tests.
Most specimens use in tests.
Most specimens vary in weight.
Some specimens also have excellent clear quartz crystals.
Some specimens appear rust red or orange.
Some specimens appear to have more silica than others.
Some specimens are able to produce large quantities of methane on command.
Some specimens are almost smooth and others have a rather long wooly coat.
Some specimens are among the largest trilobites found in the world.
Some specimens are available in a very limited quantity.
Some specimens are capable of breeding at six weeks.
Some specimens are capable of surviving for more than three decades.
Some specimens are close to the ssp.
Some specimens are completely black.
Some specimens are completely without spines.
Some specimens are dark gray to black.
Some specimens are entirely cream or dark brown.
Some specimens are estimated to be hundreds or perhaps a thousand years old.
Some specimens are even bizarre.
Some specimens are fluorescent .
Some specimens are fluorescent orange in long-wave UV light.
Some specimens are fluorescent orange.
Some specimens are fluorescent yellow.
Some specimens are for sale.
Some specimens are patternless.
Some specimens are resin mounted, others are whole mounted.
Some specimens are small and fragile, and had to be handled with the greatest care.
Some specimens are solid in color.
Some specimens are time-dependent.
Some specimens are very pretty.
Some specimens attain length.
Some specimens bear only male flowers.
Some specimens can have a deep ruby red color with an amazing clarity and a high luster.
Some specimens can have brown discolourations.
Some specimens collect during periods.
Some specimens collect from bullocks.
Some specimens collect in fields.
Some specimens come from sites.
Some specimens consist of partial vertebrae.
Some specimens consist of vertebrae.
Some specimens contain crystals of different colors, and there is a brown, globular, banded variety.
Some specimens contain fruit.
Some specimens contain more than one tooth.
Some specimens describe in literature.
Some specimens display evidence.
Some specimens do get away from scientists, but that's life.
Some specimens exhibit a striking transparency.
Some specimens exhibit faint, vertical stripes down the flanks.
Some specimens exhibit only a slightly convex basal edge and others have a straight basal edge.
Some specimens exhibit slight recurvate blade edges near the base.
Some specimens grow in the typical vase-shaped elm form.
Some specimens have a few other small red spots, particularly on the top surface of the abdomen.
Some specimens have a lighter background color in which the spots stand out especially well.
Some specimens have a lighter brown background color in which the spots stand out especially well.
Some specimens have a pale vertebral stripe.
Some specimens have a white dorsal line in the middle of their backs.
Some specimens have a white mid dorsal stripe down the back.
Some specimens have accidental death.
Some specimens have an olive green background color in which the spots stand out especially well.
Some specimens have barnacles attached and worm burrows in the shell.
Some specimens have black speckles over the top half of the body.
Some specimens have blotches.
Some specimens have body length.
Some specimens have bones.
Some specimens have bony plates.
Some specimens have both a strong obverse and reverse and they are worth a premium.
Some specimens have brilliant colors, such as the pink of mushroom coral.
Some specimens have circumferences.
Some specimens have concentration.
Some specimens have coronae.
Some specimens have dark blotches.
Some specimens have death.
Some specimens have feathers.
Some specimens have feet.
Some specimens have fragile structure and are easily broken in winds.
Some specimens have gills.
Some specimens have glaucous phyllodes, which give the shrub a grey appearance, from a distance.
Some specimens have inch circumferences.
Some specimens have irregular blotches.
Some specimens have irregular dark blotches.
Some specimens have length.
Some specimens have limb bones.
Some specimens have longitudinal stripes.
Some specimens have middles.
Some specimens have moderate resistance.
Some specimens have overall body length.
Some specimens have overall length.
Some specimens have particularly bright fiery orange coloration.
Some specimens have patches.
Some specimens have plates.
Some specimens have preservation.
Some specimens have primary bones.
Some specimens have red, orange, yellow, white or black rings and spots.
Some specimens have resistance.
Some specimens have sails.
Some specimens have shells.
Some specimens have slender bones.
Some specimens have stripes.
Some specimens have tail feathers.
Some specimens have the patent date on the metal cap.
Some specimens have tusks.
Some specimens have two small lines over each eye.
Some specimens have undersides.
Some specimens have walls.
Some specimens have wounds.
Some specimens have yellow undersides.
Some specimens indicate injuries.
Some specimens limit estimations.
Some specimens live for several more years.
Some specimens live for several years.
Some specimens live for years.
Some specimens live longer but the age of yews is often overestimated.
Some specimens perform behavior.
Some specimens produce antheridiums.
Some specimens provide evidence.
Some specimens provide frameworks.
Some specimens provide information.
Some specimens provide opportunity.
Some specimens range in size.
Some specimens reach nightmarish proportions.
Some specimens represent interpretations.
Some specimens resemble bright orange sponges.
Some specimens resemble orange sponges.
Some specimens retain characteristics.
Some specimens reveal inflammation.
Some specimens see in aquaria.
Some specimens seem to have drowned after breaking through ice covering a river.
Some specimens show a chalazal notch that probably represents the point of attachment.
Some specimens show an abscission zone , such as that along which a leaf detaches in living plants.
Some specimens show arms.
Some specimens show certain characteristics.
Some specimens show characteristics.
Some specimens show distribution.
Some specimens show evidence.
Some specimens show infiltrations.
Some specimens show locations.
Some specimens show reductions.
Some specimens show sharp teeth.
Some specimens show sparse white hairs on the upper surface of the pinnae.
Some specimens show teeth.
Some specimens show tendencies.
Some specimens show unifacial bevels if they have been resharpened and reworked .
Some specimens support ideas.
Some specimens use equations.
Some specimens use in experiments.
Some specimens use microscopes.
Speciment injection radiograph in the same patient showing again the hypoplastic left lung.
Specious rooms contain either a king size bed or twin beds.
A speck is a patch
Speck has two sons and three granddaughters.
Speck is, in fact, considered America's first mass murderer.
Speck isa decoration.
Speck isa ornament.
Specks are also on the bite.
Specks are chitin like polymers.
Specks are fair but improving.
Specks are spots.
Specks float on surfaces.
Specks have (part) sections.
Specks have black speckles throughout the purple top sides.
Specks have two very easy to recognize identification features.
Most specks float on surfaces.
Speckle fluctuations carry information about the dynamical and optical properties.
Speckle noise is an undesirable artifact that masks pathology.
Speckle painting is a pretty simple and very effective technique that's been around for many years.
Speckle Park is the balanced beef breed with a color bonus.
Speckle phenomena are common when scanning fat patients.
Speckle size is user definable.
Speckle stories reinforce themes of friendship, cooperation and kindness.
Some speckle trouts have sex.
A speckle is a marking
Speckles are small flecks of color.
Speckles illustrates both for the botany and entomology departments.
Speckles is a large beautiful king snake that lives on the farm.
Specklebelly numbers are still solid but decoying action has been slow.
A speckled alder is a tree
Speckled alder is a strong competitor following harvesting on good peatland sites.
Speckled alders survive fire through persistent root crowns.
Speckled black is acceptable.
Speckled galls seem to show a constant pattern of distribution on the garry oak leaves.
Speckled kingsnakes are active snakes, wandering a great deal, but are still somewhat secretive.
Speckled kingsnakes are common in many habitats statewide.
Speckled rattlers are alert and often quick to rattle when disturbed.
A speckled trout is a freshwater fish
Speckled trout are also available in the area.
Speckled trout are among the top ten species for recreational fishing in the United States.
Speckled trout are another story.
Speckled trout are in the shallows at low light.
Speckled trout are notorious for spitting out baits due to their large and weak mouths.
Speckled trout are the mainstay.
Speckled trout are up the rivers and in the residential canals.
Speckled trout belong on Louisiana dining-room tables.
Speckled trout chasing shrimp are the prime target for most bay fishermen.
Speckled trout have sex-specific growth and survival rates.
Speckled trout roam the flats year-round, and are easily taken on a live shrimp under a cork.
Speckled woods choose areas where the sunlight breaks through the trees.
Spectacle bears have diets.
Spectacle bears have omnivorous diets.
Spectacle bears walk on feet.
Most spectacle bears have diets.
Most spectacle bears have omnivorous diets.
Spectacle caimen burrow into mud.
Spectacle caimen have behavior.
Spectacle caimen have maternal behavior.
Spectacle caimen have protective behavior.
Most spectacle caimen burrow into mud.
Most spectacle caimen have behavior.
Most spectacle caimen have maternal behavior.
Most spectacle caimen have protective behavior.
Some spectacle caimen eat aquatic insects.
Some spectacle caimen eat insects.
Some spectacle caimen feed at nights.
Some spectacle caimen reach maturity.
Some spectacle caimen reach sexual maturity.
Some spectacle caimen thrive in rivers.
Some spectacle cobras have places.
Spectacle Lake holds the islands only eastern brook trout population.
A spectacle is sight
Spectacle is the absence of power.
Spectacle is the name of the game now.
Spectacle isa artifact.
Spectacle only does so much.
Spectacle provides an infrastructure for delivery of personal information.
Spectacles are blunder.
Spectacles are completely velocity unrelated.
Spectacles are displays.
Spectacles are imagery.
Spectacles are located in shows.
Spectacles are one of the tiniest species.
Spectacles are optical instruments.
Spectacles are pale yellow and iris of the eye is white.
Spectacles are part of frames.
Spectacles are sight.
Spectacles are the only parrotlets with a true eye ring.
Spectacles are used for sight.
Spectacles are used for spectators.
Spectacles are used for wearers.
Spectacles compensate for the participation that is no longer possible.
Spectacles have (part) sections.
Spectacles look like regular glasses with side shields and are more comfortable.
Spectacles offer limited coverage and protection from splashes.
Spectacles offer protection from objects and dust entering from the front.
Most spectacle bears walk on feet.
Spectacled bears are bears.
Spectacled bears are black with white or yellow markings around the face and, at times, chest.
Spectacled bears are mammals.
Spectacled bears are predominantly solitary and require numerous acres of untouched land to thrive.
Spectacled bears are quite endangered in the wild and they inhabit remote and inaccessible areas.
Spectacled Bears are the only bears found in South America.
Spectacled bears are the only South American bears.
Spectacled bears get their name from the distinctive cream-colored bands that encircle their eyes.
Spectacled bears have white or yellow-white circles around their eyes.
Spectacled bears live in a variety of mountain habitats.
Spectacled bears live in a wide variety of habitats, from rainforests, steppe, and scrub desert.
Spectacled bears live in South America.
Spectacled bears tear open masses of bromeliads with their sharp claws.
A spectacled caiman is a cayman
Spectacled caimans are carnivorous generalists.
Spectacled caimans are found in freshwater habitats as well as some salt water habitats.
Spectacled caimans are small relatives of alligators and crocodiles.
Spectacled caimans are the most common species of the crocodilian family.
Spectacled caimans breed for about four months during the wet season each year.
Spectacled caimans have strongly protective maternal behaviour.
Spectacled caimans live in loose-knit groups but are generally solitary except during mating season.
Spectacled owls are cavity nesters, seeking out holes in trees to nest.
Spectacled owls have an unmistakable face pattern.
Spectacled owls make a deep, hooting sound and can be easily attracted to tapes of their voice.
Spectacular art graces the walls.
Spectacular bluffs provide challenges for expert and beginning rock climbers.
Spectacular ceremony acts on the senses and imagination.
Spectacular chairlift rides to the top of the mountain.
Spectacular chondrules are in, and make up the matrix.
Spectacular chondrules are in, and make up, the matrix.
Spectacular color sets in for the fall and winter can bring an occasional snow to the area.
Spectacular colors accent the fall season.
Spectacular colors are ablaze which create scenes that memories are made from.
Spectacular costumes make it difficult to guess who is who.
Spectacular crashes are a given.
Spectacular crashes are almost a certainty in every race.
Spectacular crashes unfold in slow motion, with cars hurtling through the air.
Most spectacular crash wins worthless share options in all the other companies.
Spectacular Desserts Make holiday desserts look spectacular with chocolate decorations.
Spectacular displays are predictable because particle streams take about three days to reach Earth.
Spectacular displays highlight the prominent aspects and tourist attractions of each region.
Spectacular effects overwhelm a ponderous love story.
Spectacular events take places.
Most spectacular events take places.
Spectacular failure leads to spectacular change.
Spectacular feasts are an integral part of Chinese New Year celebrations.
Spectacular fireworks decorate the skies.
Spectacular flowers draw visitors annually.
Spectacular footage includes flocks of nesting pelicans.
Spectacular footage is combined with unspoiled natural scenery.
Spectacular footage shows segments of the complete construction, start to finish.
Spectacular footage shows the awesome destructive power of a nuclear explosion.
Spectacular gardens offer peace and tranquility.
Spectacular glaciers descend from the Kunlun Mountains.
Spectacular highland passes and coastal scenery.
Spectacular interior features as well as spectacular views.
Spectacular landscapes occur on uplifted and deeply dissected sedimentary rocks.
Spectacular lighting is a prominent part of the play.
Spectacular mountain ranges surround the valley.
Spectacular mountain ranges, meandering rivers and miles and miles of dense forests.
Spectacular mountain ranges.
Spectacular mountain views on a state of the art course.
Spectacular photos demonstrate the find.
Spectacular photography captures their silky petals, extraordinary colors, and extravagant forms.
Some spectacular photography is here .
Spectacular play succeeds only in making the player foul up and lose the hole.
Some spectacular plumes extend flanks.
Spectacular preparation precedes spectacular performance.
Some spectacular products fail because of one or many unanticipated factors.
Spectacular replay sequences.
Spectacular resorts dot the coastlines and world class dining, shopping and beaches beckon.
Spectacular results are no accident.
Spectacular results occur from the meeting of the powerful natural forces of ocean and volcano.
Many spectacular results occur in close binary systems especially as the stars age.
Spectacular rock faces and truly rough and majestic terrain remains.
Spectacular rocks look like fairies under the full moon in the dark sky.
Spectacular savings are just a click away.
Spectacular scenery abounds around the lake.
Spectacular scenery abounds on all sides.
Spectacular scenery abounds.
Spectacular scenery awaits by car or for the day hiker.
Spectacular scenery awaits the photographer.
Spectacular scenery is everywhere.
Spectacular scenery is mixed with cross country tips and a dash of humor for good measure.
Spectacular scenery overcomes many obstacles.
Spectacular scenery provides the backdrop for abundant natural diversity.
Spectacular scenery results from the region's unique geologic features.
Some spectacular scenery complements the biological richness of the area.
Spectacular snorkeling is found throughout Palau.
Spectacular snorkeling is within easy swimming distance from the shore.
Spectacular sunrises greet the early riser.
Spectacular sunsets are a highlight of an Everglades trip.
Spectacular sunsets are common summer and winter.
Spectacular sunsets are commonplace.
Spectacular sunsets are free.
Spectacular sunsets offer a photo opportunity.
Spectacular teachers help build programs, class offerings and enrollment.
Spectacular vegan desserts.
Spectacular video offers vignettes of wildlife in their native habitats.
Spectacular views abound of Rubicon Bay's turquoise and blue water.
Spectacular views abound.
Spectacular views add to the fun.
Spectacular views are commonplace.
Spectacular views are everywhere, especially on a quiet sunset cruise on the bay.
Spectacular views are everywhere.
Spectacular views are the norm.
Spectacular views await climbers at the summit.
Spectacular views provide the backdrop for a community that shines.
Spectacular views require a spectacular entrance - scenic glass elevators carry guests to the top.
Spectacular views surround the modern facilities.
Some spectacular views open up at the higher elevations.
Spectacular vistas are around every turn.
Spectacular vistas await at every bend in the road.
Spectacular waterfalls are another draw for visitors to the park.
Spectacular windows overlook the gardens and bathe the lounge in sunlight.
A spectacular is performance
Spectacular shows with fire dance performance.
Spectaculatar banquets are prepared for groups of two or more.
Spectal quality affects disease development of three pathogens on hydroponically grown plants.
Spectator ions appear on both sides of the equation.
Spectator ions are next added and balanced as needed.
A spectator sport is a sport
Spectator sports are an ever-popular pastime.
Spectator sports are soccer, rugby and cricket .
Spectator sports are sports.
Spectator sports are the most popular corporate hospitality events.
Spectator sports can be a focal point for campus unity.
Spectator sports offer lots of excitement for the community.
Spectator sports provide a substitute for our involvement with our own bodies.
Spectator sports thrive in Chicago.
A spectator is an observer
Spectator calls for enforcement of the current laws in order to forestall disunion.
Spectator chooses a card from a second deck.
Spectator chooses a card, and signs it.
Spectator chooses a card.
Spectator chooses any queen.
Spectator holds hands under table to catch coin as it passes through.
Spectator isa observer.
Spectator mixes the cards then deals one onto the table.
Spectator reserves the right to edit letters.
Spectator retains possession of the tube throughout the effect.
Spectator seals a brass die into a round metal canister, remembering the number on top.
Spectator seals a die into a black tube, then seals that tube into a second tube.
Spectator viewing for the slalom and the rodeo are excellent.
Spectator viewing is good from a bridge crossing over the course.
Spectators add much to the ambience of a cross country race.
Spectators admire hundreds of cars at the sold-out event.
Spectators also get into the swing of things.
Spectators are also an important part of a great cross country course.
Spectators are also more than welcome.
Spectators are also welcome to watch the racing from inside the yacht club.
Spectators are also welcome.
Spectators are always welcome and new members are currently being accepted.
Spectators are always welcome at games.
Spectators are always welcome at no charge.
Spectators are always welcome to have a listen, chat and a drink afterwards.
Spectators are always welcome.
Spectators are apt to bring picnic dinners and beverages.
Spectators are ask to stand and remove their hats and caps.
Spectators are certain to witness a huge crash.
Spectators are certainly welcome.
Spectators are encouraged to attend any and all meets, admission to competitions is free.
Spectators are free and welcome.
Spectators are free but donations are appreciated.
Spectators are free but there is a small fee for parking.
Spectators are free of charge with party packages.
Spectators are free.
Spectators are likely to see a variety of costumes and footsteps during each intertribal dance.
Spectators are located in demonstrations.
Spectators are located in operas.
Spectators are located in race tracks.
Spectators are located in shows.
Spectators are located in sporting events.
Spectators are most welcome.
Spectators are naturally curious and performers are naturally defensive.
Spectators are no longer able to watch games from the trestle.
Spectators are passives.
Spectators are the biggest winners.
Spectators are to remain in the stands at all times during games.
Spectators are to remain outside the black line on the floor or up on the balcony.
Spectators are two-toned leather shoes.
Spectators are very welcome at all junior and senior games.
Spectators are welcome - better yet, become a member and participate.
Spectators are welcome - bring the family.
Spectators are welcome and admission is free.
Spectators are welcome and can join the buffet for a nominal fee.
Spectators are welcome and can watch for free.
Spectators are welcome and encouraged to attend tournaments.
Spectators are welcome and food is available.
Spectators are welcome and no admission is charged.
Spectators are welcome and pay no fee.
Spectators are welcome and there is no charge for admission.
Spectators are welcome anytime.
Spectators are welcome as guests of the college.
Spectators are welcome at all events.
Spectators are welcome at all games.
Spectators are welcome at all levels.
Spectators are welcome at any time.
Spectators are welcome at combined training events.
Spectators are welcome at each green.
Spectators are welcome at no charge throughout the week.
Spectators are welcome at no charge.
Spectators are welcome at practice.
Spectators are welcome at the event.
Spectators are welcome at the polo matches held during the summer.
Spectators are welcome during the week's events.
Spectators are welcome for all rounds of the tournament and there is no charge for admission.
Spectators are welcome for the competition.
Spectators are welcome on match days.
Spectators are welcome on most of our sites.
Spectators are welcome throughout the entire eight day chess convention.
Spectators are welcome throughout the weekend.
Spectators are welcome to all or part of the event, which is free to the public.
Spectators are welcome to attend any part of the competition at no charge.
Spectators are welcome to attend as the prom king and queen are named.
Spectators are welcome to attend the event.
Spectators are welcome to attend the practice session with no admission charge.
Spectators are welcome to attend.
Spectators are welcome to cheer only after a goal or the end of the game.
Spectators are welcome to come and go all day.
Spectators are welcome to come free of charge, although donations are encouraged.
Spectators are welcome to enjoy jumps and landings from the ground.
Spectators are welcome to enjoy the fun and excitement.
Spectators are welcome to join along in the hunt.
Spectators are welcome to see horse shows, hiking, birdwatching and dressage.
Spectators are welcome to view most of the racing circuit and enjoy refreshments.
Spectators are welcome to view.
Spectators are welcome to watch free of charge.
Spectators are welcome to welcome the golfers.
Spectators are welcome with all gate proceeds going to local charities.
Spectators are welcome year-round.
Spectators are welcome, and admission is free.
Spectators are welcome, but only members and applicants can play on the equipment.
Spectators are welcome, but the course itself is closed to all but meet-approved individuals.
Spectators are welcome, but there is a small charge.
Spectators are welcome, but there is no fixed schedule of events.
Spectators are welcome, encouraged, and probably safe.
Spectators are welcome, entry free.
Spectators are welcome, entry is complimentary.
Spectators are welcome.
Spectators are Welcome.
Spectators assemble at a venue outside the town and form a 'human chain'.
Spectators become participants.
Spectators begin to line the streets in the morning for best curbside views.
Spectators benefit too.
Spectators bring the game energy and atmosphere.
Spectators can also cause problems.
Spectators can also learn about horsemanship and animal health issues.
Spectators can attend all races for no admission charge.
Spectators can attend free.
Spectators can be useful, or a hinderance, and is a nice feature to add to the game.
Spectators can become more aggressive as a result of watching competitive sports.
Spectators can bring umbrellas.
Spectators can cheer the locals on while sipping a sarsaparilla.
Spectators can decide for themselves today.
Spectators can engage in less tiring exercises, like stomping on grapes.
Spectators can enjoy music sessions each day, a luau feast and headliner concert.
Spectators can enjoy music, entertainment, craft booths and concessions.
Spectators can enjoy plenty of great entertainment and the event is perfect for the family.
Spectators can enjoy the course.
Spectators can enjoy watching runners run the course without the horse.
Spectators can enter through the front doors and go upstairs to the bleachers.
Spectators can expect a futuristic show, geared toward the new millennium and emceed by a computer.
Spectators can expect a good battle on the seas through next week.
Spectators can expect fast action, color and entertainment.
Spectators can expect to see plenty of freestyle action, painful crashes and competition triumphs.
Spectators can follow the golfers around and watch the action.
Spectators can get right up close to almost everything.
Spectators can go through portals.
Spectators can later view shrapnel effects.
Spectators can look forward to close racing in a casual environment.
Spectators can make reservations to observe the clinic.
Spectators can now see the scoreboard.
Spectators can often help here.
Spectators can park and attend free.
Spectators can safely watch other shooters through bullet proof glass windows.
Spectators can see every part of the run.
Spectators can see from any skyscraper window.
Spectators can see immediately who is winning by watching the light trees.
Spectators can see nearly every inch of the track from almost any seat.
Spectators can see several holes from the hill by the clubhouse.
Spectators can see the entire track from the viewing area.
Spectators can see the whole race.
Spectators can talk to Players currently playing the game.
Spectators can v iew the feedings from their own platforms which are in a very open area of forest.
Spectators can view race from several vantage points.
Spectators can view the courts from the second floor.
Spectators can view the dingy race from the waterfront near the hospital.
Spectators can view the show for free.
Spectators can walk among the colorfully-illuminated balloons and visit with the pilots.
Spectators can wander in the take-off area and talk with balloonists and passengers.
Spectators can watch from both sides of the river.
Spectators can watch hard-core experts compete in the interactive sports areas.
Spectators can watch just as much on television in Kansas City as they can at the actual track.
Spectators can watch the boys milking cows, bailing hay, and delivering calves.
Spectators can watchlive games with players' moves animated on screen.
Spectators can write and submit their questions.
Spectators can, at last, hope to see the matches in safety.
Spectators catch a rare sighting of one of the larger species of catfish schooling with some whales.
Spectators cheer at the halfway point.
Spectators cheer for more beads.
Spectators cheer for their chosen dog as the bets stack up.
Spectators Cheering our athletes on to competitive play and victory is always encouraged.
Spectators come and go, some exiting the arena and others seeking refreshments or switching seats.
Spectators come early, bring a packed lunch and a hat.
Spectators come from all over the nation, and from other countries.
Spectators count as participants too.
Spectators do show up and line just about the entire course.
Spectators do take cues from players, coaches, cheerleaders, and one another.
Spectators enjoy the festivities.
Spectators enter the building via four ramps winding their way to the upper concourse.
Spectators enter the grandstand from the top and walk down stairs to their seats.
Spectators form a corner stone for team's success.
Spectators gather along the lip and peer down as racers swoop in from the starting gate.
Spectators gather on the beach to watch the colorful finish.
Spectators gather on the beach to watch the finish when the teams are laden with flower leis.
Spectators gather on the beach to watch the pageantry at the finish.
Spectators gather there by the thousands to wait for a wreck.
Spectators get a closer look at artist s renderings of the new buildings.
Spectators get in for free.
Spectators get in free with non-perishable food item to be donated to the local food bank.
Spectators get in free.
Spectators get stiff necks.
Spectators give the game atmosphere.
Spectators grow around the fisherman.
Spectators have (part) arms.
Spectators have (part) body substances.
Spectators have (part) cell membranes.
Spectators have (part) cells.
Spectators have (part) corpi.
Spectators have (part) cytoplasm.
Spectators have (part) heads.
Spectators have (part) human bodies.
Spectators have (part) legs.
Spectators have (part) material bodies.
Spectators have (part) necks.
Spectators have (part) nuclei.
Spectators have (part) personality.
Spectators have (part) plasma membranes.
Spectators have (part) sections.
Spectators have (part) vacuoles.
Spectators have an especially good chance to watch the pros.
Spectators have an excellent view.
Spectators have full view of every event inside the stadium.
Spectators have many opportunities to actively participate in some of the dances.
Spectators have no impact on the performance.
Spectators have no right to comment on plays.
Spectators have no right to draw attention to any misplays or comment on plays.
Spectators have no right to draw attention to any misplays or make any comment on plays.
Spectators have the opportunity to preview and purchase award-winning pieces.
Spectators have to get there early if they want a seat.
Spectators hike up the hill to stake out a viewing spot along the course.
Spectators hold their breath.
Spectators hopefully profit from the experience.
Spectators huddle around the track, watching as the train goes by.
Spectators improvise in the wet conditions.
Spectators learn more from four actors around the gallery.
Spectators line one side of the road, bundled up against the unseasonably cold temperatures.
Spectators line the docks.
Spectators line the parade route while participants toss pounds of candy to the cheering crowds.
Spectators line the streets to enjoy the annual street procession.
Spectators look on from bleachers that run along both sides of the track.
Spectators look on in awe and admiration as the stallions are trotted out in hand.
Spectators lose interest and leave or begin socializing.
Spectators love boardercross, making it the most televised snowboarding event worldwide.
Spectators love the new form.
Spectators love to see a solo effort.
Spectators love to see true celebrities up close and unguarded.
Spectators mingle with some of the Midwest's most enthusiastic barbeque chefs.
Spectators move from the entrance level either up or down to seating areas.
Spectators move through the rooms finding their own preferred vantage points.
Spectators mutter that the Taipei player is too aggressive.
Spectators observe the fresh wool through the washing, spinning, dyeing, and weaving cycles.
Spectators outnumber the sum of all other character types.
Spectators party up and down the river to the accompaniment of singers, musicians and live bands.
Spectators pay fees to attend certain events, but many are free.
Spectators perch in trees along the perimeter of the wrestling grounds to view the dramatic show.
Spectators picnic on the lawn.
Spectators quickly become part of the action, as the scene is played out with democratic zeal.
Spectators react as they follow the end of a shot, and see where it stops.
Spectators recline on the lush lawn or sit at nearby picnic tables.
Spectators remove the ball and sword from the tube and can thoroughly examine everything.
Spectators report similar, though somewhat delayed development trends in Europe.
Spectators see a charismatic performance.
Spectators see it every time an umpire calls a ball or strike.
Spectators see results instantly at the finish line.
Spectators seem content with their beer and rabble-rousing in the streets.
Spectators serve as a model for their own children and for other young people in the community.
Spectators sit among stones polished since antiquity.
Spectators sit behind a wire fence or plexiglass wall on the fourth side.
Spectators sit in boxes, which consist of four cushions on a tatami mat.
Spectators sit in rows of bleachers near the shooting areas.
Spectators sit on three sides.
Spectators sit there like tennis fans, turning their heads from side to side.
Spectators spill onto the road, reach out to the runners, scream their support.
Spectators talk with mushers and check out all the mushing gear.
Spectators think they are connected by one long cord.
Spectators travel from around the world to watch.
Spectators unconsciously cling to their luck that they ll witness the open display of a fuck.
Spectators view the art on display.
Spectators view the race from vantage points along the course.
Spectators viewing is in the west game room.
Spectators viewing the fights bet large sums of money.
Spectators wander all over the field stomping down the torn up turf.
Spectators watch a game for different reasons and therefore react differently during the game.
Spectators watch as four firefighters climb ladder with hose.
Spectators watch as teams battle it out for prizes in various categories.
Spectators watch for free and they get little support elsewhere.
Spectators watch from bleachers and golf carts.
Spectators watch from covered and uncovered bleachers.
Spectators watch in the distance.
Spectators watch the action from bleachers.
Spectators watch the ring at the show grounds and the opposite coast on TVs.
Spectators watch the swirling flood waters from a high point of land just east of the bridge.
Spectators watch their favorite teams play in the sometimes frosty air.
Spectators wave white handkerchiefs to indicate well-fought battles.
Spectators Welcome along routes.
Spectators welcome also.
Spectators welcome at many events at different locations.
Spectators welcome at no charge.
Spectators welcome with food vendors on site.
Spectators welcome, audit fees apply to next clinic.
Spectators welcome, just be humble around the arrogant fighter pilots.
Spectators wonder as the leaders approach.
Spectators always crowd the band competition area.
Spectators always welcome.
Spectators frequently shout encouragement to the racers as they run the race course.
Spectators often derive a sense of social identity and self-esteem from a team.
All spectators are to remain to the south of the fence at all times.
All spectators are to sit on the side of the field opposite the players and coaches.
All spectators are welcome to come out and enjoy the first show of the season.
All spectators burst out laughing many times.
All spectators pay an admission fee.
All Spectators Welcome.
Any spectator selects a color.
Many spectators become frantic when someone is injured and try to give care.
Many spectators gather to see the race.
Many spectators love to help a new observer.
Many spectators miss the show because they want to see the parade.
Many spectators watch from boats in the river.
Most spectators see the parade on television.
Some spectators follow dogs.
Some spectators have a running commentary, and cheer or curse in monotone, almost to themselves.
Some spectators invade fields.
Some spectators invade football fields.
Some spectators know actors.
Some spectators learn about birds.
Some spectators learn about penguins.
Some spectators learn about turtles.
Some spectators leave.
Some spectators receive sensation.
Some spectators watch birds.
Some spectators wear black hoods.
Some spectators wear hoods.
Specter even detects DoS attacks and stops accepting connections to avoid resource starvation.
Specter identifies both the prostitutes and their masters.
Specter is a shadow
A spectinomycin is an antibiotic drug
Spectinomycin dihydrochloride oral solution.
Spectinomycin is used to treat certain gonococcal infections during pregnancy.
Spectinomycins are antibiotic.
Spectinomycins are drugs.
Spectra fusion is a lightweight non-stretch rope.
Spectra laminates are true premier cruising cloths.
Spectra line is a high strength, low stretch line used only with stunt kites.
Spectra line is sleeved.
Spectra line is standard.
Spectra line is super thin, super strong and has minimal stretch.
Spectra line is very low stretch and strong so fewer and simpler wraps are necessary.
Spectra lines add extra support for front and side loads, just the way a mast is stayed.
Spectra lines are available in yellow, black, blue, purple, or white.
Spectra material is made in Phoenix, Ariz., on special order.
Many spectra have dozens of iron lines that can be identified.
Some spectra also have broader bands produced by molecules.
Spectral absorption features.
Spectral analysis appears to be invaluable in the differentiation of MTDs from laryngeal dystonias.
Spectral analysis can continue during monitoring.
Spectral analysis can reveal the location and age of most amber.
Spectral analysis is introduced and the effects of noise in communications systems is investigated.
Spectral analysis is used to determine altitude profile of the water vapor concentration.
Spectral analysis is used to perform an in depth analysis of the trend and cyclical components.
Spectral analysis is used when the data is generated by wave-like, or seasonal, processes.
Spectral analysis provides an assessment of the vagal modulation of the R-R interval.
Spectral aspects refer to the physical condition or the chemical composition of the object.
Spectral brightness is the brightness per unit spectral bandwidth.
Any spectral category is radical.
Any spectral category is solvable.
Spectral characteristics are insensitive to the angle of incident light.
Spectral characteristics become key, while time domain effects take on new meaning.
Spectral content is described by the plasma temperature.
Spectral dancers lead the way.
Spectral data are available now.
Spectral data collected now show intense C, O, and H lines during most of the power pulse.
Spectral data is dated and added to each section as it is collected.
Spectral data is included.
Spectral differences are especially important at the highest and lowest energies.
Spectral distribution is what's important.
Spectral enhancement deals with the non-spatial nature of an image, the spectral component.
Spectral estimation is another method by which super-resolution can be achieved.
Spectral extraction is done by direct addition.
Spectral extraction is done by simple direct addition.
Spectral factorization is a method of finding the one time function which is also minimum phase.
Spectral features allow measurements of temperature and chemical composition.
Spectral features can also give information on early metal enrichment.
Spectral filters influence transpirational water loss in chrysanthemum.
Spectral flute adds a pleasantly ethereal edge to some of the tracks.
Spectral frequencies translate into temperatures, into atomic signatures, and into photon energies.
Spectral image is formed in the plane of automatic photo and CCD-cameras.
Spectral index asymmetries in low-z radio galaxies.
Spectral information is collected using a high dynamic range CCD camera and spectrograph.
Spectral information is obtained from several solar regions of different sizes.
Spectral information is obtained using a modified constant Q transform and post-filtering.
Spectral information is used to create profiles for color devices.
Spectral information provides diagnostics of the underlying emission processes.
All spectral instruments do basically one thing.
Spectral interferences are particularly troublesome for determinations at trace levels.
Spectral leakage changes both the amplitude and position of a frequency measurement.
Spectral leakage is inherent to frequency analysis with a finite amount of data.
Spectral lines are produced by transitions of electrons within atoms or ions.
Spectral lines have very precisely known wavelengths.
Spectral lines result from discrete changes in the energy of an atom or molecule.
Spectral lines result from movement of atom's electron from an excited state to ground state.
Spectral lines show up as dark, vertical bands.
Spectral lines show up as vertical bands.
Spectral lines tell astronomers what atoms and molecules are present and how much of each there is.
All spectral lines are very broad.
Many spectral lines vary in intensity.
Some spectral lines are very important in astrophysics.
Spectral mapping demonstrates lactic acid in another portion of the tumor indicating necrosis .
Spectral measurements are extremely limited, though needed.
Spectral methods use functions representing, each, a flow regime over the whole planet.
Spectral monitors can discriminate as to water, snow, and land and can measure ground saturation.
Spectral music glides from the depths of space.
Spectral neighbors are hues that are next to each other within the color spectrum.
Spectral pitches correspond to individual audible pure-tone components.
Spectral profile is roughly rectangular.
Spectral projections enjoy superior resolution provided the data is globally smooth.
Spectral purity is measured using a spectrum analyzer.
Spectral radiometers vary considerably in how finely they sample the spectrum.
Spectral reflectance is the amount of light reflected from the land.
Spectral regions contain water.
Spectral regions span the ultraviolet through the visible and infrared.
Most spectral regions contain water.
Spectral resolution gets better when fft size increases.
Spectral resolution is optimized for a planar spectrum.
Spectral schemes have the disadvantage that colours are difficult to order correctly.
Spectral sensitivity increases as spatial resolution decreases.
Spectral sensitivity is also a concern.
Spectral sets are intimately related to tilings.
Spectral signatures make it possible to measure differences in surface composition.
Spectral sounds can be time-stretched.
Spectral tarsiers appear to take advantage of the moonlight when foraging.
Spectral tarsiers are both crepuscular and nocturnal and are very active throughout the night.
Spectral tarsiers can collect their prey out of the air, on the ground, or off leaves and branches.
Spectral tarsiers engage in behavior.
Spectral tarsiers feeds exclusively on live animals.
Spectral tarsiers have a low basal metabolic rate and a low body temperature.
Spectral tarsiers have a small, round body covered in soft, velvety fur.
Spectral tarsiers listen with their independently moving ears to locate potential prey.
Spectral tarsiers sit next to one another and intertwine tails and are know to snuggle.
Most spectral tarsiers engage in behavior.
Some spectral tarsiers reach maturity.
Some spectral tarsiers reach sexual maturity.
Some spectral tarsiers receive care.
Some spectral tarsiers receive maternal care.
Spectral theory is particularly important in understanding quantum mechanics.
Spectral time scales for mid-latitude eddies.
Some spectral troughs come from fundamental vibrations, while others come from overtones.
Spectral types are almost wholly from the HD catalogue.
Spectral wavelength is measured to find the speed of the star relative to earth.
Spectre is a shadow
Spectres are similar to demons, except they are nearly invisible.
Spectrial quality is determined by the phosphor selected.
Spectrogram contour features for intraspecific classification of narrow-band animal sounds.
A spectrogram is a photograph
Spectrograms are a convenient way to diagram the changes in a sound's spectrum over time.
Spectrograms are a visual analysis of sound.
Spectrograms are particularly useful in identifying when certain activities begin and end.
Spectrograms are pictures.
A spectrograph is an optical instrument
Spectrographs allow the DMSV to be utilized with greater efficiency.
Spectrographs are spectroscopes.
All spectrographs experience mechanical flexure from thermal and other changes.
All spectrographs have some minimal amount of flexure.
Many spectrographs provide a wide variety of wavelength regions and dispersions.
Some spectrographs are difficult to use when the time and frequency are hard to decipher.
A spectrographic analysis is a qualitative analysis
Spectrographic analysis gives information about the composition and distance of objects.
Spectrographic analysis is an extension of the technique.
A spectrometer is an optical instrument
Spectrometer can operate as a reflectometer to study magnetic and superconducting thin films.
Spectrometer is currently under construction.
Spectrometer measures vibrational spectra of solid and liquid compounds prepared by students.
Spectrometer reports on transitions between the vibrational energy levels of molecules.
Spectrometers are best for doing detailed analysis of an object.
Spectrometers are the instruments that engineers build to detect the fingerprints.
Spectrometers are used in spectroscopic analysis to identify materials .
Spectrometers are used in spectroscopic analysis to identify materials.
Spectrometers break light into component wavelengths.
Spectrometers divide light into different colours and wavelengths.
Spectrometers measure the numbers and energies of particles or photons encountered.
Spectrometers require a detector and a device to analyze the signal.
All spectrometers have multinuclear and variable temperature capabilities.
A spectrophotometer is a photometer
Spectrophotometer is computer controlled.
Spectrophotometer is equipped with double monochromator.
Spectrophotometer shows reading of sample at the lower right hand side of the screen.
Spectrophotometers are especially useful for nutrient studies.
Spectrophotometers are laboratory equipment.
Spectrophotometers are located in chemistry labs.
Spectrophotometers are photometers.
Spectrophotometers can also measure luminescence .
Spectrophotometers can also measure luminescence.
Spectrophotometers commonly have a stored program for turbidity that has been factory-calibrated.
Spectrophotometers encompass the majority of the instruments in our lab.
Spectrophotometers measure reflectance or transmittance as a function of wavelength.
Spectrophotometers measure the intensity of a beam of light that exists in a sample.
Spectrophotometers merely absorb light.
Spectrophotometers quantify optical absorber concentrations in optically clear media.
Spectrophotometers require several minutes to perform the same task.
Spectrophotometric analysis is inadequate for determining DNA quality.
A spectroscope is an optical instrument
Spectroscopes are a very important tool used by astronomers.
Spectroscopes are optical instruments.
Spectroscopes are used often in astronomy and some branches of chemistry .
Spectroscopes are used often in astronomy and some branches of chemistry.
Spectroscopes measure the light or radiation of an energy source.
Spectroscopic binaries appear close even when viewed through a telescope.
Spectroscopic binaries are too far away to see the individual stars.
Spectroscopic binaries are two stars that seem to be one.
Spectroscopic binaries is when two sets of spectral lines are doppler shifted due to orbital motion.
Some spectroscopic binaries have an orbit that is edge-on to Earth .
Some spectroscopic binaries have an orbit that is edge-on to Earth.
Spectroscopic confirmation is also available.
Spectroscopic data are vital here.
Spectroscopic determination is advantageous in that the material can be recovered for other studies.
Spectroscopic evidence is very strong for many planetary bodies.
Spectroscopic labs can rapidly evaluate vapor absorption lines for the monitoring of applications.
Spectroscopic measurements are of course just an example of the area of use.
Spectroscopic measurements are the key to determining galaxy redshifts, as discussed in class.
Spectroscopic notation is based on facts taken from molecular symmetry .
Spectroscopic notation is based on facts taken from molecular symmetry.
Spectroscopic observations allow astronomers to determine the chemical make-up of a planet.
Spectroscopic observations are to be arranged with the director.
Spectroscopic observations show that the rings are enriched in the element nitrogen.
Spectroscopic observations show that the south end of the spindle is approaching.
Spectroscopic techniques can also provide valuable information.
Spectroscopic techniques constitute the main theme of the research.
Spectroscopic techniques provide realistic views of macromolecular media in fluid solution.
Spectroscopy allows astronomers to determine the chemical composition of stars.
Spectroscopy allows study of temperature, velocity, rotation, and composition.
Spectroscopy analysers for petroleum and fuel testing.
Spectroscopy breaks up the sunlight reflected from a satellite into the light's individual colors.
Spectroscopy comprises absorption, emission, or scattering.
Spectroscopy Covers new developments and research in spectroscopic technology.
Spectroscopy delves into the interaction of light, visible and invisible, with matter.
Spectroscopy gathers information about the composition and motion of astronomical objects.
Spectroscopy helps to explain basic mechanisms and tailor materials for different applications.
Spectroscopy involves measuring the interaction of electromagnetic radiation with chemical species.
Spectroscopy involves the interaction of light with matter.
Spectroscopy is a method that separates a star's light into a bar of several different colors.
Spectroscopy is a qualitative analysis
Spectroscopy is a scientific measurement technique.
Spectroscopy is a small field.
Spectroscopy is a varied industry, and our respondents specialized in some very different fields.
Spectroscopy is a versatile technique for infrared sampling.
Spectroscopy is a very useful technique for chemists.
Spectroscopy is a vital tool for astronomers and provides a wealth of information.
Spectroscopy is a way of essentially getting living chemistry.
Spectroscopy is also a useful technique.
Spectroscopy is also available, and is used when clinically indicated.
Spectroscopy is at the heart of astrophysical inference.
Spectroscopy is chemical analysises.
Spectroscopy is currently complete for the dark shaded region.
Spectroscopy is developed.
Spectroscopy is different from imaging.
Spectroscopy is in there too.
Spectroscopy is in use.
Spectroscopy is more than group frequencies and chemical shifts.
Spectroscopy is more than obtaining data.
Spectroscopy is one of the most important tools of the astronomer.
Spectroscopy is requirement.
Spectroscopy is second to photography with regards to importance.
Spectroscopy is the analysis of the intensity of light at each wavelength.
Spectroscopy is the astronomer's most powerful tool.
Spectroscopy is the basis of most astrophysics and most active research in astronomy.
Spectroscopy is the measurement of the response of a material as a function of frequency.
Spectroscopy is the most powerful tool of observational astronomy.
Spectroscopy is the observation and interpretation of spectra.
Spectroscopy is the study of electromagnetic radiation.
Spectroscopy is the study of light.
Spectroscopy is the study of something using spectra.
Spectroscopy is the study of spectra, ie characteristic wavelengths or colours.
Spectroscopy is the study of the component wavelenghts of light after they have been dispersed.
Spectroscopy is the study of the interaction of light and matter.
Spectroscopy is the study of the interactions between light energy and matter .
Spectroscopy is the study of the interactions between light energy and matter.
Spectroscopy is the study of the unique frequencies of light that atoms and molecules emit orabsorb.
Spectroscopy is therefore an exceedingly powerful tool.
Spectroscopy measures the intensities of light at different wavelengths.
Spectroscopy measures the type of chemical bonds which exist in a substance by the light it absorbs.
Spectroscopy plays an integral part in modern forensic science in the identification of substances.
Spectroscopy provides the answer.
Spectroscopy provides the critical diagnosis.
Spectroscopy reveals chemical composition of stars.
Spectroscopy reveals the composition and redshift of the supernova.
Spectroscopy shows the presence of water ice, which probably covers rocky silicate cores.
Spectroscopy uses hundreds of filters.
Spectroscopy works very well, as proven by tests on Earth, so it's a great tool.
Spectroscopy often provides the only means for separating the fake from the fabulous.
Spectrum analysers are favourite for development use because they quickly identify peak emissions.
Spectrum analyzers are complex instruments.
Spectrum analyzers have the widest frequency range of all the instruments.
Spectrum availability can be an issue for any technology that aims for worldwide acceptance.
Spectrum availability is a severe constraint, however.
Spectrum channelization is to be flexible enough to accommodate a variety of technologies.
Most spectrum children are hypersensitive to sound , hindering inclusion.
Spectrum collection can take months.
Spectrum control needs to be by an all-user management team.
Spectrum doctors use conventional medical methods, such as antibiotics.
Spectrum efficiency is a primary goal.
Spectrum etiquette imposes no centralized control and assumes no traffic prioritization.
Spectrum files are updated weekly.
Spectrum hues have the highest intensity.
Spectrum insecticide leads to reductions.
Spectrum issues are huge.
Spectrum light comes from bulbs.
Spectrum light has absorption.
Spectrum light has calcium absorption.
Spectrum light increases effectiveness.
Spectrum light is absorbed by chlorophyll.
Spectrum light turns to heat.
Most spectrum light comes from bulbs.
Most spectrum light has absorption.
Most spectrum light has calcium absorption.
Most spectrum light is absorbed by chlorophyll.
Some spectrum light makes plants.
Spectrum lines are lines.
Spectrum lines are part of spectra.
Spectrum lines are part of spectrums.
Most spectrum lines are part of spectra.
Spectrum mode is of course available with peak, max, average, etc.
Spectrum pollution is minimized.
Spectrum scarcity is the ultimate spectrum cap.
Spectrum software is used for network management.
Spectrum staff is supportive, training is available.
Spectrum width is a measure of the variation of the velocity within the sampling area.
A spectrum is an array
Spectra have (part) spectrum lines.
Spectrum isa array.
Spectrum publishes about twice a year.
Spectrums are arrays.
Spectrums are complex so the use of digital spectral methods has increased in recent decades.
Spectrums are parameter values.
Spectrums are scope.
Every spectrum has a center, every player has a price.
Specular aluminum is available as an optional louver finish.
Specular hematite is gray and has metallic luster.
Specular highlights appear as white reflections of the light source on the surface of the object.
Specular highlights are typically white and can move around an object, based on camera position.
Specular highlights bring out features in the data that are missed in the grayscale image.
Specular light is the light that tends to reflect on the surface in a particular direction.
Specular lighting can reveal texture on the most subtly irregular surface.
Specular lighting is better suited to revealing textures on broad surfaces.
Specular lighting makes the surface appear shiny.
Specular microscopy can visualize the endothelial cells to help determine their health.
Specular microscopy is a valuable tool to enhance the success of corneal transplant surgery.
Specular microscopy provides additional information on the endothelial changes.
Specular reflectance is important.
Specular reflection reflects more light in the mirror direction.
Specular reflections are easily discernible on glossy-painted surfaces.
Specular reflector delivers wide evenly diffused crisp bright white light over wide work surfaces.
Speculation abound in the racing pit area.
Speculation abounds , but so far none of it is particularly convincing.
Speculation abounds as to just how much organic material fell to Earth long ago.
Speculation abounds regarding the new rail budget.
Speculation abounds, but the mystery remains.
Speculation abounds, of course.
Speculation adds nothing to society.
Speculation also suggests ties with Jordanian intelligence .
Speculation breeds speculation.
Speculation can be a dangerous thing .
Speculation can be a stabilizing force that demands responsible fiscal policy and money management.
Speculation can be profitable.
Speculation can degenerate into craze.
Speculation can lead to unwarranted assumptions about what's reasonable and what's going to happen.
Speculation can send the reviewer on a wild goose chase and waste their time.
Speculation carries a significant amount of risk.
Speculation comes when popular imagination settles on something new in the field of commerce.
Speculation continues about further consolidation among the industry's largest firms.
Speculation continues, especially as to where it was located.
Speculation creates no product, no asset, no good for society.
Speculation drives our imaginations.
Speculation exists about the possibility of a ground war.
Speculation grows that the North is facing famine on a massive scale.
Speculation has the same economic and social effects on society as robbery.
Speculation includes war, social chaos, unchecked population growth and disease.
Speculation indicates that the forces of the Outer Rim are massing a fleet of awesome power.
Speculation is a business.
Speculation is a dead weight on society and has absolutely no saving grace.
Speculation is a false attempt to bring order out of the chaos of the deluge of information.
Speculation is a form of gambling, and one is sure to lose as one indulges in it.
Speculation is a riot.
Speculation is a terrible, terrible thing.
Speculation is a view
Speculation is abhorrent to the Eastern States.
Speculation is abound as to who is the root of all evil.
Speculation is always a dangerous undertaking.
Speculation is amusing.
Speculation is an effort, probably unsuccessful, to turn a little money into a lot.
Speculation is an inevitable result of price freezes and price controls.
Speculation is an informed guess about something.
Speculation is another determinant.
Speculation is another form of interpretation.
Speculation is appropriate if it is so identified.
Speculation is appropriate, if it is so identified.
Speculation is as easy as it is meaningless.
Speculation is back.
Speculation is because of brain activity.
Speculation is bound to be rife, and it has also frequently been wild.
Speculation is but one more way to cling.
Speculation is dangerous at best.
Speculation is different from rumors.
Speculation is easy, but there is absolutely no evidence that any such behavior occurred here.
Speculation is fun and can lead to good story-telling.
Speculation is good, but to claim it is fact is simply arrogance.
Speculation is good.
Speculation is hypothesises.
Speculation is insufficient.
Speculation is investments.
Speculation is just a fancy work for taking risks.
Speculation is just speculation.
Speculation is just that.
Speculation is justified, however, as there are certain biographical clues.
Speculation is near fever pitch in high technology stocks.
Speculation is nothing more than kidnapping an object and holding it for ransom.
Speculation is often only good management and prudence in using our savings.
Speculation is often only good management and prudent use of our savings.
Speculation is one of the market roles in western financial markets.
Speculation is one of the sources or causes for the spread of false doctrines.
Speculation is one thing, a damn fine pilot is another.
Speculation is one thing, however, facts are another.
Speculation is one thing.
Speculation is only as prevalent as the conceptual.
Speculation is pointless.
Speculation is problem.
Speculation is rampant as to the cause, but all agree it s a problem that needs to be resolved.
Speculation is rampant, but in reality no one really knows.
Speculation is rampant.
Speculation is rife about the identity of the gunmen.
Speculation is rife about the motive behind the killing.
Speculation is rife as to close-season transfers, keep up to date with all the football news here.
Speculation is rife in Auckland as to who has been signed up.
Speculation is rife in the capital, where conspiracy theories are the order of the day.
Speculation is rife in the Colombo press about the Indian intervention.
Speculation is rife in the diplomatic circle over the appointment of the next foreign secretary.
Speculation is rife that lenders for the Indian company have pulled out.
Speculation is rife that the abductors have been granted safe-passage and amnesty.
Speculation is rife.
Speculation is riskier than investing, but has the potential for higher rewards.
Speculation is seen as efficiently keeping land from premature commitments.
Speculation is seen by Hierarchy as a disease.
Speculation is speculation.
Speculation is that breezes off a nearby river kept people from discovering it.
Speculation is that over four thousand can be involved and with limited shifts even five thousand.
Speculation is that the mother was trapped and removed as a nuisance.
Speculation is that there is a lot of intermingling between the two herds.
Speculation is that they are more timid because of their showy red plumage.
Speculation is the daughter of uncertainty and uncertainty is a fact of life.
Speculation is the key factor.
Speculation is the name of the game.
Speculation is the pilot was turning back to land at West Point.
Speculation is the plane was shot down.
Speculation is they wanted to be safe from grave robbers and outsiders.
Speculation is to be avoided.
Speculation is to the terrorist group responsible.
Speculation is welcome.
Speculation is when money goes into existing assets instead of new assets.
Speculation is, however, a game to be played only by someone who can afford to lose it.
Speculation means looking for high returns in a very short timeframe.
Speculation naturally occurs.
Speculation never helps.
Speculation now centers on the new nucleic trio of assistants to the new chairman.
Speculation now is rampant and endless and without data it is impossible to resolve.
Speculation rages about what happens next.
Speculation ranges from human sacrifice to astronomy.
Speculation ranges from the catastrophic to the mundane.
Speculation ranges from the practical to the paranoid.
Speculation reaches deep.
Speculation runs the gamut from disease to resource depletion.
Speculation serves a very important role in the market economy.
Speculation serves an honorable function in capital markets and is regulated in a variety of ways.
Speculation still surrounds the circumstances that led to the first couple splitting up.
Speculation surrounds the disappearance of the reminding headstones.
Speculation tends to go hand in hand with entrepreneurship.
Speculations also work.
Speculations are hearty souls and easy keepers.
Speculations are that it was either destroyed or pulled down.
Speculations is a great resource for writers.
Speculations is a great site to communicate with other writers.
Speculations range from a natural progression to global warming.
Speculations range from slight disruptions of ongoing functions to tremendous disasters.
Speculation always comes at the end of the market.
Speculation usually results in contradiction.
All speculations welcome.
Many speculations exist about the origin and composition of dark matter.
Most speculations assume the name comes from two root words kilima and njaro .
Much speculation continues to surround the vaginal hair issue.
Much speculation exists at to which spaniel and which setter form the basis for the breed.
Much speculation exists concerning the presence of human remains.
Much speculation exists with respect to the future of Egypt's privatisation.
Much speculation is stated as fact rather than possibility.
Much speculation surrounds that mystery.
Some speculation exists about the effectiveness of school suicide prevention.
Some speculation has it that the horizontal gyro was at fault, broken or possibly jimmied.
Some speculation is appropriate here to spur interest in future research.
Some speculation is done on the relative importance of the process in clouds.
Speculative activities are minimal.
Speculative application is an appropriate method of applying.
Speculative application is recommended.
Speculative applications are always welcome from talented and well qualified people.
Speculative applications are likewise often successful.
Speculative applications are worthwhile with contacts made.
Speculative applications are worthwhile.
Speculative applications can be worthwhile.
Speculative approach is useful eg by writing late summer and following up with phone calls.
Speculative approaches can be helpful.
All speculative bubbles grow out of unrealistic expectations.
Speculative capital is cut off.
Speculative causality is insufficient to defeat a motion for summary judgment.
Speculative changes cause just as much stress as veritable changes.
Speculative data are things that the individual wants to do.
Speculative development is almost non-existent.
Speculative enquiries are often welcome.
Speculative execution is crucial in other domains such as databases.
Speculative fiction is another branch of fantasy.
Speculative fiction is fiction.
Speculative fiction is more than escape reading.
Speculative fiction is simulation.
Speculative fiction set in the past, present, and future are welcome.
Some speculative fiction promises a bright, shining, optimistic future.
All speculative figures have no guarantees, the society is at pains to point out.
Speculative investment tends to be short-term and volatile.
Most speculative investment is short term - less than a week.
More speculative investors tend to be national rather than international investment funds.
All speculative layouts remain the property of The Southeast Missourian.
Speculative letters ask about future possibilities rather than a specific advertised job.
Speculative men are deemed unsound and frivolous.
Speculative mania goes back as far as time.
Speculative processing works fine with memory space.
Speculative purchases can also withdraw agricultural land from food production.
Speculative risk can either result in a loss or a profit.
Speculative statements are insufficient to raise a genuine issue of material fact.
Speculative stocks are extremely volatile and demand close scrutiny and frequent trading.
Speculative stocks have a higher degree of risk, for any number of reasons.
Speculative stocks offer the promise of large potential returns, but with a huge amount of risk.
Speculative styles explore the facts of an issue or problem - investigative.
Speculative theories are to be rigorously and ruthlessly tested by observation and experiment.
All speculative trading involves substantial risk as well as a potential for profit.
Speculative work is subject to widespread abuse, increases prices, and is otherwise unprofessional.
Speculative writing is like brainstorming.
A speculator is a gambler
A speculator is an adventurer
Speculator is easy to use and error-proof.
Speculators also play an important role in the market by adding liquidity.
Speculators also protect pensioners in the West from having their money stolen in the East.
Speculators are a tad different.
Speculators are adventurers.
Speculators are bearish.
Speculators are gamblers.
Speculators are gamblers.
Speculators are hurtin' to make some money.
Speculators are individuals that seek profit from price changes.
Speculators are necessary to provide liquidity for hedgers to execute trades at low costs.
Speculators are no intellectuals.
Speculators are of course willing to take risks.
Speculators are the unintended consequences of artificial controls on markets.
Speculators are thinkers.
Speculators are typically interested in making a profit from price volatility.
Speculators are very important to a market.
Speculators assume market price risk and add liquidity and capital to the futures market.
Speculators assume market price risk and add liquidity and capital to the futures markets.
Speculators assume the risk of price change that hedgers seek to avoid.
Speculators attempt to gain profits by engaging in risky operations.
Speculators bet billions and outspent the government.
Speculators buy after they see upward market momentum.
Speculators buy derivatives to control large amounts of goods.
Speculators buy puts because they expect the index to go down in the near future.
Speculators can also act much more quickly than any government agency.
Speculators can grab domain names.
Speculators can use anticipated interest rate movements to forecast exchange rate movements.
Speculators do, in fact, help give depth to securities markets.
Speculators fuss around with quarterly earnings, projections and whispers in the men's room.
Speculators have now entered the market, so there is a market for it.
Speculators influence the demand side of the foreign exchange markets.
Speculators invest much on farm real estate.
Speculators learn but never entirely eliminate patterns in prices.
Speculators look out for trouble while gamblers seem to look for it.
Speculators make terrible mistakes somtimes.
Speculators move in and set the exchange rate themselves.
Speculators normally work within closely monitored, full disclosure, transparent markets.
Speculators now have more cash than all the world's central banks put together.
Speculators ought to keep quiet and speculate.
Speculators pay ever-higher prices for shares despite scant evidence of underlying value.
Speculators quickly pull the plug, and the Chinese currency hits rock bottom.
Speculators rack up big profits on virtually every super-leveraged gamble under the sun.
Speculators require the ability to move in to and out of a market quickly and at low cost.
Speculators rush to cash in by staking out nearby land and pushing oil stock prices up.
Speculators seek the opportunity to profit.
Speculators seek to take currency risk in the hope of making profit.
Speculators seem to have ignored the economic fundamentals.
Speculators trade in the futures market also, but they have no product to deliver.
Speculators trade in the futures markets to profit from price fluctuations.
Many speculators trade only one commodity.
Many speculators treat the market as if it was a casino.
Most speculators are in the market for only short time periods.
Some speculators trade heavily in wheat and corn futures.
Speculum metal is an alloy of copper and tin.
A speculum is a mirror
Speculums are available at pharmacies that sell medical supplies.
Speculums are medical devices.
Speculums are mirrors.
Speculums come in different diameters.
Speculums come in many sizes and can be used for any woman, whether a virgin or sexually active.
Spedia membership is absolutely free.
A speech act is an act
Speech acts are acts.
Speech acts are fuzzy concepts which show both diachronic and synchronic variation.
Speech acts are human activities.
Speech acts are part of the instruction.
Most speech acts have more than one purpose.
Some speech acts have English names.
Speech areas are intact because they are supplied mainly by the middle cerebral artery.
Speech articulation defects Hypotonia can also lead to poor speech skills.
Speech articulation requires the correct production of sounds to form words.
Speech balloons link to various in-depth sites devoted to our curriculum.
Speech code is spoken language that seems to mean one thing but really means another.
Speech codes are a particularly nasty product, popular with the campus left.
Speech codes are anathema.
Speech codes are necessary to fight racism on campuses.
Speech codes are still a problem.
Speech codes contradict direct declarations of support for diversity of opinion.
Speech codes fit right into that pattern.
Speech communication has a traditional liberal arts focus.
Speech communication includes concentrations in communication and theatre arts.
Speech communication involves the study of how human beings use symbols to communicate messages.
Speech communication is a flexible major, so career paths vary widely.
Speech communication is communication
Speech communication is considered an allied field.
Speech communication is difficult in high intensity noise.
Speech communication is one of the most flexible liberal arts degrees a student can earn.
Speech communication is one of the most fundamental human communication channels.
Speech communication is possible but indistinct.
Speech communication is something people everywhere continuously take for granted.
Speech communication is virtually impossible when the combine is operating.
Speech communication provides the foundation for higher learning.
A speech community is a community
Speech communities use an informal standard that is a more flexible variety.
Speech compression is needed to reduce the digitization data rate.
Speech debates rely as much on style and poise as on substance of one's arguments.
Speech delay is common in all cases.
Speech delays can be hereditary.
Speech dictation is helpful for students with mobility and learning access needs.
Speech disorder is any condition that affects a child's ability to speak.
Speech disorder is disorder
Speech disorder is disorder.
Speech disorders refer to difficulties producing speech sounds or problems with voice quality.
Speech impairment can be very tiring especially when in a new environment.
Speech impairment is also a very common byproduct of paralysis.
Speech impairment is common in people who have had strokes.
Speech impairments range from articulation or voice difficulties to being totally non-vocal.
Speech impairments vary widely in their cause, effect, and treatment.
Speech impediment can occur, sometimes lasting for several days.
Speech impediments are sooo rock and roll.
Speech impediments can be hours of entertainment to the unimpaired.
Speech intelligibility improves gradually.
Speech intelligibility is highly tolerant of cross-channel spectral asynchrony .
Speech intelligibility is intelligibility
Speech level is erratic.
Speech pathologists are oral specialists.
Speech pathologists are very concerned regarding the size of their caseloads.
Speech pathologists assess and treat persons with speech, language, voice, and fluency disorders .
Speech pathologists can use it to conduct communication evaluations.
Speech pathologists identify, assess, and treat persons with speech disorders.
Speech pathologists say it is a tough disorder to treat.
Speech pathologists work to improve the production of speech sounds, voice quality and fluency.
Speech pathologists work with people to facilitate their communication skills.
Many speech pathologists work in schools, rehabilitation centers, and nursing homes.
Most speech pathologists take about an hour to do an assessment.
Speech pathology is just a certificate program over there.
A speech pattern is pronunciation
Speech patterns are also a way of distinguishing the different voices.
Speech patterns are equally important.
Speech patterns provide a wide range of colorful characters.
Speech patterns turn into personal data.
Speech problems can lead to frustration and sometimes aggressive behavior.
Speech problems can occur if the left hemisphere of the brain is involved.
Speech problems can range from trouble finding words to being unable to speak at all.
Speech processing is one of the most fast growing areas in multimedia.
Speech production covers several areas.
Speech production involves primarily the muscles of the tongue, lips, palate, and vocal cords.
Speech production is a frontal-lobe function.
Speech production is an utterance
Speech production requires coordination of the tongue, hard and soft palate.
Speech recognition can also save money.
Speech recognition can sometimes help the user speak more clearly.
Speech recognition continues to improve.
Speech recognition goes back about twenty five years.
Speech recognition helps create a time-aligned transcript of the spoken words.
Speech recognition is a great one because everybody understands it, but there are others.
Speech recognition is a major research area with obvious and immediate application.
Speech recognition is a powerful tool, and it's ready for prime time.
Speech recognition is a rapidly maturing technology.
Speech recognition is a technology that is constantly evolving.
Speech recognition is also available.
Speech recognition is an inexpensive way to augment traditional agent-only call centers.
Speech recognition is an integral part of the daily life of a PC user.
Speech recognition is available from any telephone via handset or headset.
Speech recognition is based on grammars.
Speech recognition is certainly a moving target.
Speech recognition is certainly the future of computing, so it's exciting to experiment with it.
Speech recognition is commonplace.
Speech recognition is defined as the process of automatically recognizing what is being said.
Speech recognition is essentially a software technology.
Speech recognition is far from being a solved problem.
Speech recognition is handled by a standard package to create an input text string.
Speech recognition is now available to all consumers for everyday applications.
Speech recognition is one of the biggest impediments to communication between humans and machines.
Speech recognition is one of the more desired assistive technology systems.
Speech recognition is one option, and structured reporting is another.
Speech recognition is used in offices, labs, and banks.
Speech recognition is well suited to automating telephone-based services.
Speech recognition keeps improving.
Speech recognition makes a natural dialog with the caller possible.
Speech recognition provides an interesting way to access, classify and index spoken content.
Speech recognition requires either discrete or continuous speech.
Speech recognition seems to be such a great idea at least in principle.
Speech recognition works best in quiet, controlled environments.
Speech recognition works for limited information.
Speech sound is a part
Speech sounds are never the same.
Speech sounds are particularly troublesome if they are intelligible or nearly so.
Speech sounds are permutable.
Speech sounds are strained and full of effort.
Speech sounds are weak, quiet, and whispery.
Speech sounds begin with babies.
Many speech sounds have identical mouth movements, which can make lipreading particularly difficult.
Some speech sound is part of accents.
Some speech sound is part of croaks.
Some speech sound is part of groans.
Some speech sound is part of ha-has.
Some speech sound is part of howls.
Some speech sound is part of laughter.
Some speech sound is part of shouts.
Some speech sound is part of sighs.
Speech synthesis can enhance applications in many ways.
Speech synthesis is still years away from being an essential part of the daily computing experience.
Speech synthesis is the task of transforming written input to spoken output.
Speech synthesis is useful for a number of reasons.
Speech synthesis is very difficult.
Speech synthesis offers a choice of four languages.
Speech synthesis provides spoken output for users who are blind.
Speech synthesis sounds much more natural than ever, much more realistic.
Speech synthesizers can speak the material on the screen for the reader who is blind.
Speech synthesizers do have a concept of richness.
Speech synthesizers give voice to mute individuals.
Speech synthesizers require audio output.
Speech technology can bring the Web to virtually all mobile phone users immediately.
Speech technology has a tough time spelling.
Speech technology has great potential on the Web.
Speech technology involves either speech synthesis or speech recognition, or both.
Speech technology is hot.
Speech technology is the next big thing in computing.
Speech technology reduces the cost of call center operations by reducing talk time.
A speech therapist is a therapist
Speech therapists are also welcome.
Speech therapists are far too busy to be answering client computer questions.
Speech therapists are in high demand.
Speech therapists are on duty to evaluate and treat speaking, language and swallowing difficulties.
Speech therapists are therapists.
Speech therapists assist in improving communication skills.
Speech therapists can help the person with swallowing difficulties learn to swallow effectively.
Speech therapists encourage parent and teacher involvement in the therapy process.
Speech therapists evaluate and treat children with communication problems.
Speech therapists help to improve speaking, writing, reading and thinking.
Speech therapists provide treatment aids and family education for speech difficulties.
Speech therapists work on speech delays and feeding difficulties.
More speech therapists specialising in stammering are much needed.
Speech therapy can be tremendously helpful.
Speech therapy can be very helpful.
Speech therapy can benefit, too.
Speech therapy can enhance communication skills by correcting common communication difficulties.
Speech therapy can erase any reminders of cleft-affected speech.
Speech therapy can help a person communicate more clearly and help with difficulty swallowing .
Speech therapy can help communication in later stages of the disease.
Speech therapy can help patients communicate more effectively.
Speech therapy can help.
Speech therapy can only be in groups because it is the least restrictive environment.
Speech therapy can significantly improve speech and swallowing problems.
Speech therapy helps control the muscles of the mouth and jaw, and helps improve communication.
Speech therapy helps patients improve vocal characteristics.
Speech therapy is therapy
Speech therapy is therapy.
Speech work is aimed toward heightened awareness of sounds and their use in the English language.
Speech writing begins.
A speech is a speech act
Speech acts .
Speech allows faster interaction.
Speech allows the deafblind person to ask questions more easily, express doubts and seek help.
Speech becomes indistinct and characteristic purposeless movements of the arms and legs develop.
Speech begins to slur.
Speech begins with moaning, then moves on to mumbling, and happens more often when lying in bed.
Speech coding quality rather than the delay is therefore the focal point for on-going work.
Speech combines both thought and action, soul and body.
Speech come first.
Speech comes from mind and is dissolved into mind.
Speech consists of words spoken in a particular way.
Speech contains many pauses and hesitations.
Speech contains speech errors.
Speech continues to be in the forefront of the Hearing Seminar.
Speech continues to be influenced by first language.
Speech continues to improve.
Speech databases A wide range of speech databases have been collected.
Speech evolves ideas, which lead to thinking and logic.
Speech flows naturally and easily.
Speech flows naturally most of the time.
Speech improves customer acceptance of automation.
Speech improves productivity for business and customers.
Speech improves with augmented auditory feedback.
Speech integrates many aspects of human ability.
Speech involves coordinating respiration, phonation, resonation and articulation.
Speech Is Silver.
Speech isa event.
Speech keys human interaction.
Speech leads to debate.
Speech mend above most age since grew florida state seminoles jackets.
Speech misses it.
Speech monitor off.
Speech monitor on.
Speech needs action steps.
Speech opens up our functionality to people beyond the traditional browser.
Speech parsing describes the syntactic and semantic analysis of spontaneous spoken language.
Speech plays an all-pervasive role in our lives.
Speech provides speech therapy to identified students.
Speech refers to the behavior that produces vocal sounds.
Speech requires extremely precise, graded, time varying neural inputs to the vocal cords.
Speech seeks a response of the Other.
Speech shows few pauses or false starts.
Speech shows some hesitation but manages to continue and complete thoughts.
Speech situates the self in relation to the other.
Speech sounds become weak and breathy.
Speech sounds collected into meaningful units, such as syllables or words.
Speech sounds in particular are very rich in familiar information.
Speech sounds only become intrusive if the words can be understood.
Speech sounds tend to adjust to nearby sounds in systematic ways.
Speech sounds tend to vary around a norm.
Speech sounds, word structure, sentence patterns, meaning patterns.
Speech syntheses and recognition.
Speech tends to be particularly distracting when understandable - one strains to ignore the sound.
Speech tends to be so fast that other people are unable to interrupt.
Speech tends to take the form of short, slangy outbursts rather than developed, correct sentences.
Speech tests the limits of physical closeness.
Speech works better for input than for output.
Speeches actually have to say things.
Speeches addressing local or campus-related issues can be very effective.
Speeches are clear, relaxed and alive with everything on one sheet.
Speeches are currently only available online .
Speeches are difficult to grade because of their ephemeral nature.
Speeches are due on the day assigned.
Speeches are fine.
Speeches are for the younger men who are going places.
Speeches are linear stories also.
Speeches are overly long and have an unrealistic flavor.
Speeches are primarily informative, but persuasion is also important in framing the case.
Speeches are searchable by speaker, title, and chronologically.
Speeches are shorter.
Speeches are the most effective offline Internet marketing technique.
Speeches are to be performed on the assigned day.
Speeches are to be recorded on an audio cassette tape.
Speeches are to graduation ceremonies what the iron maiden was to the Spanish Inquisition.
Speeches are usually triple-spaced, often with a larger font for ease of reading.
Speeches are very important.
Speeches can also be precise and indeed they ought to be.
Speeches can appeal to the widest spectrum of emotions.
Speeches can be either contemporary or historical.
Speeches can be on any topic.
Speeches contain prepared text, date, and group being addressed.
Speeches end with a toast where appropriate.
Speeches have two types of structure.
Speeches occasionally appear in other periodicals as well.
Speeches range from one to five minutes.
Speeches receive written or oral critiques from the instructor.
Speeches represent the full range of the woodland east and are taken from primary sources.
Speeches serve a variety of purposes.
Speeches tend to outpace the ability to deliver.
Speechs are speaking.
Speechs are utterances.
Speeches usually take place after the meal has finished and prior to the cutting of the cake.
All speech is partisan.
All speech is produced through the sound card.
All speech is speeded up.
All speech is ssllooww.
All speeches are in audio and in print.
All speeches are three minutes in length and extemporaneous in delivery.
ALL speeches are to be delivered from outlines or note cards.
All speeches are to be videotaped IN ONE TAKE ONLY in front of an audience.
All speeches concern some aspect of prayer.
All speeches require an outline.
All speeches require original research.
Every speech entails an element of risk.
Every speech is a manual speech.
Every speech is evaluated by another member of the club.
Most speech impaired persons can hear and understand.
Most speech takes place in schools and commercial establishments.
Most speeches are significant in the context of U.S. history, some in the context of world history.
Most speeches contain between two and five main ideas.
Most speeches fail because they are written like official policy papers.
Most speeches tend to overstate the significance of the event where the speech is given.
Much speech is offensive.
Some speech has no cognitive value.
Some speech indicates a lost condition.
Some speech indicates a wayward believer.
Some speech is considered to have low value and can be regulated or banned.
Some speech is criminal.
Some speech is flat and prosaic.
Some speech is intertwined and contains elements of commercial speech and non-commercial speech.
Some speech is potentially harmful.
Some speech is unprotected, such as obscenity.
Some speeches are in original language with English subtitle for non-English speeches.
Some speeches are very memorable.
Some speeches require a written thesis or proposition statement, an outline and a bibliography.
Speechcraft coordinators acknowledge that the best way to learn is by teaching others.
Speechless sorrow rises and then falls through swollen tears.
A speechwriter is an author
Speechwriters are an important part of any politician's entourage.
Speechwriters do such things from time to time.
Speed boat Can go pretty fast, but it bumps a lot.
Speed boats are also available for hire.
Speed boats are faster, take less people, and cost a little more.
Speed boats are the much faster but also more expensive alternative.
Speed boats can accomodate up to six people.
A speed bump is interference
Speed bumps are another frequently requested speed control measure.
Speed bumps are located in streets.
Speed bumps are under study.
Speed bumps cause most vehicles to slow down to almost a stop to go over it.
Speed bumps cause problems for emergency response time.
Speed bumps delay fire trucks and ambulances.
Speed bumps inflict severe stress on vehicle suspension parts.
Speed bumps mean little unless they are major bumps in speed.
Speed bumps slow traffic on side streets.
Speed bumps solve the wrong problem.
Speed cameras are demonstrably successful.
Speed cameras are now in use throughout Australia and fuel prices are constantly climbing.
Speed cameras reduce accidents.
Some speed cameras provide information.
Speed chess is for children.
Speed climbing is dangerous because fast ascents can cause edema.
Speed control is a new option, while air conditioning also brings an extra charge.
Speed control is achieved by adjusting the frequency of the voltage wave applied to the motor.
Speed control is achieved by designing a sliding mode controller for the nonlinear powertrain model.
Speed control is analogue.
Speed control is by a normal accelerator pedal.
Speed control is by rheostat device - infinitely variable.
Speed control is highlighted.
Speed control is obtained by adjusting the frequency of the voltage applied to the motor.
Speed control is part of the equation too.
Speed control provides any speed required for a good cut.
Speed control provides superficial or deep massaging effects for variious body parts.
Speed controls allow users to increase or decrease word delivery so they can work at their own pace.
Some speed controls are actually wires wound around to form a rheostat or adjustable resistor.
Speed controller is equipped as standard.
Speed cushions have several distinct advantages over similar traffic calming devices.
Speed dial is available on the repeater.
Speed dials are available for club members.
A speed freak is an addict
Speed freaks are addicts.
Speed freaks are DJs.
Speed freaks are no fun.
Speed freaks end up with more problems than it's worth.
Speed golf combines running and golfing.
Speed humps are a kinder, gentler approach to calming traffic on local streets.
Speed humps are asphalt mounds placed on roadways for the purpose of slowing traffic.
Speed humps are one of the most popular devices used to control traffic in residential areas.
Speed humps are still a concern.
Speed humps are the enemy to emergency vehicles, particularly fire and ambulance.
Speed humps are the only traffic calming installation that have worked so far.
Speed humps are the wider version of speed bumps.
Speed humps block the flow of drainage water on some streets and can cause flooding problems.
Speed humps can be fun, as it is quite easy to get all three wheels off the road.
Speed humps can have the greatest effect on vehicles with high speeds.
Speed humps differ from speed bumps, which are normally found in shopping centers.
Speed humps discourage cut-through traffic.
Speed humps have the advantage of being self-enforcing.
Speed humps make communities safer and more livable.
Speed humps modify driver behavior between intersections.
Speed humps move traffic to other streets.
Speed humps prevent marauding motorists from invading our neighborhoods.
Speed humps require a petition but also require a large traffic volume.
Speed humps require signing and striping, which some residents consider unattractive.
A speed indicator is a meter
Speed indicators measure how fast a vehicle is traveling.
A speed limit is a regulation
Speed limits apply to all roads on campus.
Speed limits are a little higher today.
Speed limits are as posted.
Speed limits are different in rural and urban areas.
Speed limits are for wusses.
Speed limits are generally well sign-posted.
Speed limits are in effect on village roads.
Speed limits are in miles per hour and distances are in kilometers.
Speed limits are in the news.
Speed limits are inconsistent, similar roads having different limits.
Speed limits are low and all exits are clearly marked.
Speed limits are lower on secondary roadways.
Speed limits are more effective when drivers understand why they are there.
Speed limits are much higher than they used to be.
Speed limits are no exception.
Speed limits are no longer a challenge.
Speed limits are often higher in rural areas than urban.
Speed limits are regulations.
Speed limits are so much higher.
Speed limits are the law.
Speed limits are the same as in France.
Speed limits are the same as the posted road limit - outside of road row's, no speed limit.
Speed limits are there for a reason.
Speed limits are to be obeyed at all times .
Speed limits are to benefit everyone.
Speed limits are too low.
Speed limits are up, gas prices down.
Speed limits are usually well marked and rigorously enforced, using the latest in radar technology.
Speed limits are well sign-posted and penalties for speeding and dangerous driving are severe.
Speed limits are well signposted throughout tropical North Queensland.
Speed limits are what is posted for that road if it is a joint use road.
Speed limits determine a democratically agreed level of acceptable risk.
Speed limits exist to ensure the safety of the driving public.
Speed limits have virtually no influence on regulating general traffic speeds.
Speed limits operate at peak times.
Speed limits ought to be lowered in order to conserve energy.
Speed limits put cooling systems to the test.
Speed limits vary by type of roadway and by the characteristics of the road.
Speed limits vary from state to state based the driving conditions and the surrounding areas.
Speed limits vary tremendously.
Speed limits vary.
Speed measurements are only comparable if a certain standard test protocol is used throughout.
All speed merchants beware.
Speed of life increases proportionately to the distance traveled.
Speed of light is a constant
Speed of light is computed by the product of the wavelength and wave speed.
Speed of light is speed
Speed of light is tremendous.
Speed of processing is a critical issue that can directly impact on productivity.
Speed rating is an important rating.
Speed rating is identified as a part of the tire's sizing or service description.
Speed ratings signify the safe top speed of a tire under ideal conditions.
Speed restrictions apply.
Most speed restrictions exist to control wave action generated from boat hulls.
Speed ring is required.
Many speed shops tend to simply cut off the factory terminals during installation of the unit.
Speed skates are ice skates.
A speed skating is a skating
Speed skating are skating.
Speed skating are sports.
Speed skating is a blast.
Speed skating is a difficult sport at first, so please try to stick with it for a while.
Speed skating is a sport that's been around for centuries.
Speed skating is a very exciting and intense sport.
Speed skating is also excellent cross training for runners, cyclists, and cross country skiiers.
Speed skating is an exciting event.
Speed skating is an exciting sport in the state.
Speed skating is like a combination of flying and dancing.
Speed skiing is a blend of highly technical athletic skills and sophisticated equipment.
Speed skiing is an ageless, thrilling and dangerous sport.
Speed skiing is the fastest, most intense non-motorized sport in the world.
Speed skiing requires the right gear and expertise, and there's only one man to talk to about that.
Speed tables are generally long enough for the entire wheelbase of a passenger car to rest on top.
Speed tables are similar to speed bumps, but longer.
A speed trap is a snare
Speed traps are everywhere.
Speed traps speedtraps in Malaysia.
Speed affects dopamine primarily, a neurotransmitter linked to pleasure and reward.
Speed agrees to give it a try.
Speed allows flexibility.
Speed allows the student to witness the entire life cycle of the satellite design process.
Speed also affects the ability to stop.
Speed also applies to producing new online tools and training solutions.
Speed also contributes to tire wear.
Speed also depends on quality of ethernet connection.
Speed also depends on the Internet network performance.
Speed also discourages the group from diverting from the task at hand.
Speed also has an effect on service life.
Speed also increases crash forces and decreases the effectiveness of safety belts.
Speed also is a key to a good plant.
Speed also plays a part in a number of serious injury crashes.
Speed also translates into efficiency of operations.
Speed appears to be a factor in the accident.
Speed arrives at the toxic waste plant and sprays the four mutants.
Speed beaches Foil Five out of reach of the shark.
Speed becomes even more important as the resistance is much greater than in the light snow.
Speed becomes the measure of success.
Speed being limited, people never get nervous.
Speed brings the power.
Speed builds very quickly as does the front riser pressure.
Speed builds very rapidly and so does the pressure on the front risers.
Speed can also affect tension.
Speed can also be a problem.
Speed can also be an issue.
Speed can be a consideration if many fasteners are involved.
Speed can be a problem in a cache profiler.
Speed can be a problem, however.
Speed can be a problem.
Speed can be an advantage here.
Speed can be an important factor when accessing the Internet.
Speed can be an important factor when choosing a scanner.
Speed can be an issue, especially when printing black-only pages.
Speed can be comparable in many cases.
Speed can be important if significant function is being interrupted.
Speed can be important when it comes to applications.
Speed can be predictable if used in the same pattern.
Speed can be thoughtful.
Speed can be varied allowing the juggling to be viewed in slow motion.
Speed can be varied on registered version.
Speed can create an emotional attachment to a company.
Speed can create power and power can substitute for the lack of speed.
Speed can depend on water clarity, too.
Speed can fluctuate significantly.
Speed can kill.
Speed can make up for mistakes or turn a small play into a big play.
Speed can play a factor as well.
Speed can succeed but it can also kill.
Speed can suffer, though, particularly in large arrays.
Speed can vary from one PC communications program to another, but sometimes is very slow.
Speed can vary greatly depending on wind speed and direction.
Speed carries with it the possibility of danger and even worse.
Speed causes many deleterious effects in brush performance.
Speed changes everyone differently.
Speed chases it away with a blowtorch.
Speed check reconciliation People doing the books love direct deposit.
Speed comes after control.
Speed comes at a cost to users.
Speed comes at a price.
Speed comes at the price of some work, however.
Speed comes before power.
Speed comes from cellular, wireless, pager, fax, email, and voicemail technology.
Speed comes from power, which comes from range of motion.
Speed Comes from Profilers.
Speed comes from the momentum the club generates in the swing.
Speed comes in second.
Speed comes only with much practice.
Speed comes through a smaller logistic footprint.
Speed comes to Central Florida .
Speed comes with accuracy.
Speed comes with practice and experience.
Speed compare between genesis emulator.
Speed continues to be the leading contributor to crashes in the Buckeye state.
Speed contributes to clarity versus confusion, rapid adaptation versus resistance.
Speed controlled by accelerator, tractor stops when pressure removed from fuel pedal.
Speed controls the line that a ball rolls on.
Speed costs dollars, typically.
Speed costs money.
Speed counts though.
Speed counts with literate programming.
Speed covers water and also provides a powerful trigger.
Speed declines linearly with increasing torque increase until it reaches the stall condition.
Speed defiantly responds by racing around the track.
Speed defines our products, our environments, our way of life, and our imaginations.
Speed degrades with every foot farther from that central office.
Speed degrades with every foot from that central office.
Speed demands an answer.
Speed denotes rapid change.
Speed depends on how forcibly the water is expelled.
Speed depends on how many neighbours are logged on.
Speed depends on processor used.
Speed depends on the performance factors described in the following paragraphs.
Speed depends on water depth, salinity, etc.
Speed depends upon the database.
Speed describes how fast an object is moving.
Speed determines line.
Speed dictates market success.
Speed directly affects the distance required to stop a vehicle.
Speed disappear beyond no habit for buying reebok teeshirts.
Speed disappear beyond no habit for buying wakeboards review.
Speed divides communities where people are unable to cross the road.
Speed do Effort within dishes to none pirate tales yet pray within a bank.
Speed does have extraordinarily unidimensional characters, maybe two-dimensional at best.
Speed does kill when drivers are taught only how to get a licence.
Speed does kill.
Speed dominates today's engine systems.
Speed drives everything.
Speed drives productivity, and productivity drives business results.
Speed drops with signal quality the further away from a bridge the machine is moved.
Speed dry the fabric.
Speed enables practices to stay current, reduce the billing cycle, and thereby improve collections.
Speed enables the offense to spread the field.
Speed encourages the group to brainstorm and trust the collective for accuracy.
Speed enter Knives of a bench below a Britain.
Speed equals productivity.
Speed equals survival.
Speed equals talent.
Speed excites the sub-editors.
Speed falls to the ground.
Speed feels good.
Speed fills a container with the glowing synaptum.
Speed finds the hideout but is attacked by a bazooka.
Speed follows the gang inside a building filled with statues.
Speed generates friction which generates heat which causes melting.
Speed generates opportunities.
Speed generates revenue.
Speed gets better with bigger amounts of data.
Speed gets into the dome containing the Mach Five.
Speed goes out the window.
Speed governs the internet.
Speed governs the throughput from disk to screen and from disk to the central processor.
Speed has a major effect on how the front wheel rises.
Speed has a tremendous impact on safety.
Speed has consequences.
Speed has nothing to do with it.
Speed has the dimensions of distance divided by time.
Speed has the units of distance per time interval.
Speed has to be stabilized.
Speed has to win the big race.
Speed has twenty minutes to retrieve the gold.
Speed Have the students think of things that accelerate and decelerate.
Speed helps to avoid injury and allows a low ranking animal to quickly steal tidbits from the kill.
Speed helps to keep the boat upright by bringing the apparent wind forward.
Speed helps, too.
Speed here is great.
Speed implies mental and physical agility.
Speed improves accuracy.
Speed increases immensely.
Speed increases the distance needed to stop a vehicle.
Speed influences social communicative competence and pragmatics.
Speed is a benefit but it can cut out the thinking time.
Speed is a big concern.
Speed is a big factor.
Speed is a big issue when it comes to office printing.
Speed is a big problem.
Speed is a bit of a question mark.
Speed is a by-product of accuracy.
Speed is a combination of good technique, flexibility and strength.
Speed is a contributing factor in about one-third of all traffic deaths on the nation's roadways.
Speed is a contributing factor in almost all fatal snowmobile accidents.
Speed is a contributing factor in nearly all fatal snowmobiling accidents.
Speed is a critical factor in the telecommunications real estate marketplace.
Speed is a critical factor that drives Web usage.
Speed is a critical feature of the fashion and advertising industries.
Speed is a critical selling skill.
Speed is a crucial issue here.
Speed is a defining characteristic of the new economy.
Speed is a definite ingredient in getting hookups.
Speed is a difference today.
Speed is a drawback, however.
Speed is a drug.
Speed is a factor in a high percentage of automobile accidents.
Speed is a factor in nearly one-third of all fatal crashes.
Speed is a factor of movement.
Speed is a factor, blind curves are a factor, other cars are a factor.
Speed is a factor, however, as there is a restricted amount of driving time.
Speed is a factor, on and off the track.
Speed is a front-page story.
Speed is a function of architecture, technology, software, and algorithms.
Speed is a function of shape.
Speed is a key physical component of the game.
Speed is a key selling-point in most advertising.
Speed is a limitation common to computer architectures.
Speed is a little slow.
Speed is a major advantage of prototyping.
Speed is a major benefit.
Speed is a major cause of accidents.
Speed is a major cause of teen crashes.
Speed is a major concern, size can vary from the pint sized to the full sized.
Speed is a major factor in many pedestrian accidents and is something that can be controlled.
Speed is a major factor in road accidents.
Speed is a major issue in selecting a service.
Speed is a major part of playing corner.
Speed is a measure of a chip's processing power.
Speed is a measure of how fast something is moving .
Speed is a measure of how fast something is moving.
Speed is a measure of how fast something is.
Speed is a measurement of that change in position over time.
Speed is a particular risk to pedestrians, bicyclists and in-line skaters.
Speed is a perennial problem on the Internet.
Speed is a physical measurement.
Speed is a popular attribute.
Speed is a problem.
Speed is a quality that allows a guy to do a lot of things.
Speed is a rate
Speed is a rate, a ratio between two different quantities.
Speed is a ratio, .
Speed is a real differentiation in the labor market.
Speed is a relative term.
Speed is a relative thing when referring to the Internet.
Speed is a relative thing.
Speed is a result of repetition.
Speed is a result of stepping down to the ground with greater force.
Speed is a scalar .
Speed is a scalar and velocity is a vector.
Speed is a scalar quantity and has only magnitude, or size, associated with it.
Speed is a scalar quantity and velocity is a vector quantity .
Speed is a scalar quantity that indicates rate of motion distance per time.
Speed is a scalar quantity.
Speed is a scalar, velocity is a vector.
Speed is a scalar.
Speed is a secondary consideration.
Speed is a significant asset in mass service systems.
Speed is a simple spec.
Speed is a soft spot in Japanese style management.
Speed is a valid issue.
Speed is a vector.
Speed is a very important factor in sorting and in computer science in general.
Speed is about one rpm, but torque is strong.
Speed is about one RPM, but torque is strong.
Speed is absolutely critical when searching for a buried victim.
Speed is achieved by employing a look up procedure.
Speed is actually quite good, even on the slower machine.
Speed is adjustable by control on pole.
Speed is adjustable for all skill levels.
Speed is adjustable to suit operator or application.
Speed is adjustable.
Speed is adjusted by the dial.
Speed is affected by the number of simultaneous users.
Speed is all important, something which is measured in megahertz.
Speed is almost as important as the depth of information.
Speed is also a coefficient but only to a few abilities.
Speed is also a critical element in the content delivery business.
Speed is also a deterrent.
Speed is also a factor in tyre noise generation.
Speed is also a leading factor in motorcycle crashes.
Speed is also a major factor.
Speed is also a top priority.
Speed is also a vital component to their survival.
Speed is also adjustable.
Speed is also an advantage for horses used in battle.
Speed is also an issue.
Speed is also essential.
Speed is also important because of camera shake.
Speed is also important when passing a ball.
Speed is also important.
Speed is also necessary in order to catch war criminals before they flee to safe havens.
Speed is also the biggest determinant of the extent of injury.
Speed is also to include the dog's acceleration capability.
Speed is always a concern when going online, as is security.
Speed is always a relevant thing.
Speed is always an advantage.
Speed is always an issue no matter what the computing situation is.
Speed is always an issue with data communication.
Speed is always good.
Speed is always relative.
Speed is always the first priority.
Speed is always the forefront of a computer buying experience.
Speed is among the most important factors for Bulgarian reforms.
Speed is an advantage and a liability on defense.
Speed is an advantage.
SPeed is an afterthought.
Speed is an aggressive creator.
Speed is an aphrodisiac.
Speed is an element that comes into question.
Speed is an enhanced factor due to the growth of technology and the computer age.
Speed is an example.
Speed is an important asset in our pursuit of success.
Speed is an important criterion for nearly every PC-related device, and scanners are no exception.
Speed is an important feature of the new economy.
Speed is an important leverage factor when bringing products to market.
Speed is an incredible drug.
Speed is an issue here.
Speed is an issue when hoeing.
Speed is an issue, especially in housing estates.
Speed is an issue.
Speed is an obvious asset of broadband access and essential when it comes to the biotech industry.
Speed is another advantage of portal-style exchanges.
Speed is another advantage.
Speed is another asset.
Speed is another attribute of the squid.
Speed is another basic concern in optical networks.
Speed is another benefit of knowledge management.
Speed is another big benefit.
Speed is another consideration in choosing a document scanner.
Speed is another consideration when writing the obituary notice.
Speed is another consideration.
Speed is another control.
Speed is another distinguishing aspect of the current technology revolution.
Speed is another element that needs de-emphasis in the minds of many programmers.
Speed is another facet of time.
Speed is another function of time.
Speed is another issue in determining accessibility.
Speed is another matter.
Speed is another plus.
Speed is another problem.
Speed is another question.
Speed is another reason for a computer version.
Speed is another vital dimension of achieving scale.
Speed is another.
Speed is approximately the same as for drilling.
Speed is approximately three times faster than application of an optimized palette.
Speed is as critical as accuracy in the world of competitive crossword-puzzle solving.
Speed is as essential as direction.
Speed is as powerful as clairvoyance.
Speed is as promised.
Speed is at the center of business today.
Speed is at the heart of the Web.
Speed is attacked by the mining machines.
Speed is back to regular, and nothing was deleted or changed, thank god.
Speed is back.
Speed is barely able to keep the Mach Five from skidding into disaster.
Speed is better than one part per million.
Speed is broken down into several categories.
Speed is but one factor in determining the overall performance of a system.
Speed is calculated as net words per minute with two words deducted for each error.
Speed is calculated by dividing the distance traveled by the time of the motion.
Speed is calibrated accurately at even the lowest rates - important in the rehab setting.
Speed is certainly the key when enhancing today's computer technology.
Speed is changed by moving a weight on a pendulum-type arm.
Speed is checked by radar.
Speed is clearly a critical issue for certification in an archival application.
Speed is close to conventional programming languages.
Speed is color coded and direction follows down the barbs from the flags to the point.
Speed is completely unnecessary to an indoor target archer.
Speed is controled by a key aptly named speed.
Speed is controled by amout of moust movement.
Speed is controlled by a switch on the car's steering wheel.
Speed is controlled by a variable slide bar.
Speed is controlled by either a mechanical or an electronic speed control with forward and reverse.
Speed is controlled by either the left hand or the right foot.
Speed is controlled by pedalling and by pushing back on the moving pedals.
Speed is controlled by switching winding taps on the transformer.
Speed is controlled by up and down arrow keys.
Speed is controlled either manually with a ten-turn dial or by an externally applied voltage.
Speed is controlled via variable displacement pumps.
Speed is controlled with a Bakelite lever riding in a slot at the front of the housing.
Speed is cool.
Speed is coupled with convenience.
Speed is critical for many intranet and Internet applications.
Speed is critical for success.
Speed is critical in finding avalanche victims.
Speed is critical in responding to ill-conceived legislative proposals.
Speed is critical right now.
Speed is critical to every business today.
Speed is critical, as visitors are generally very impatient.
Speed is critical.
Speed is crucial to execution.
Speed is crucial.
Speed is customizable.
Speed is dangerous.
Speed is decent, but inconsistent times have made it a question mark.
Speed is deceptive . . .
Speed is definately a key factor.
Speed is defined as rate of stride multiplied by length of stride.
Speed is defined as the rate of stride times the length of stride.
Speed is definitely important.
Speed is dependent on distance from telco central office - the farther away, the slower the speed.
Speed is dependent on the speed of the recorders housed in the tower.
Speed is dependent upon body length, beat frequency, and the aspect ratio of the caudal fin.
Speed is dependent upon the length of the cable.
Speed is desired, valued and attractive.
Speed is distance traveled per unit of time.
Speed is easy to achieve in a ride, but complete detachment was a whole different thing.
Speed is effortless, impact unforgiving.
Speed is embedded in our culture.
Speed is equivalent to the slowest drive in the array.
Speed is equivalent to the wavelength times the frequency.
Speed is essential at the start.
Speed is essential because it quickly begins to harden.
Speed is essential because the oil in bruised fruit quickly becomes rancid.
Speed is essential for recovering a live victim.
Speed is essential for the designers and the players of video games.
Speed is essential here, but so is caution.
Speed is essential here.
Speed is essential if anything is to be done.
Speed is essential in business today.
Speed is essential in escaping from a fire.
Speed is essential in recovering stolen cars.
Speed is essential in responding to customer dissatisfaction.
Speed is essential in transitory targets such as moving troops.
Speed is essential to avoid costly phone calls from impatient travelers.
Speed is essential to preserve both memories of events and possible food or environmental samples.
Speed is essential to preserve memories, food and environmental samples.
Speed is essential to success in the Internet marketplace.
Speed is essential to success.
Speed is essential to surviving in today's business world.
Speed is essential to the success of their correspondence.
Speed is essential to thriving in the new economy.
Speed is essential when quoting a final price to a potential buyer to avoid losing a sale.
Speed is essential with today s hectic lifestyles.
Speed is essential, because Europe shows how great the danger is.
Speed is essential, but haste harmful.
Speed is essential, but uncertainty is paralyzing.
Speed is essential, especially with fleshy species.
Speed is essential, every second counts.
Speed is essential.
Speed is euphoria.
Speed is every man's dream.
Speed is everything and color just a bit more.
Speed is everything in a total station.
Speed is everything to remain competitive.
Speed is everything with telecommunications.
Speed is everything, unfortunately, for the survival of our existing networks.
Speed is everything.
Speed is excellent.
Speed is expensive.
Speed is extremely important in getting information and responding to the public.
Speed is extremely important in responding to any Internet crisis.
Speed is fairly good.
Speed is far more important than tactics.
Speed is fast and has light armour.
Speed is fast and light armour.
Speed is fiercely addictive, and so is the promise of fast money.
Speed is fine, but clarity is key.
Speed is fine, just be clear.
Speed is fine.
Speed is fixed as a ratio of the bus speed.
Speed is for color printing and measured in pages per minute.
Speed is freedom.
Speed is fun, but be reasonable.
Speed is garbage.
Speed is generally good, and server problems have been handled professionally.
Speed is generally greater but it depends on the model.
Speed is generally very good - certainly an order of magnitude faster than the beta.
Speed is god and time is the devil .
Speed is good thing here, as is a bit of stealth.
Speed is good, and even the huge image gallery comes up reasonably quickly.
SPeed is good, but reliability is better.
Speed is good, but the ideal input device has grey levels, too.
Speed is good, everything works, another browser added to the list.
Speed is good.
Speed is great.
Speed is guaranteed.
Speed is handled by native compilation.
Speed is high on a list of survival needs for an elk.
Speed is highly important.
Speed is how fast a film can capture an image when exposed to a minimal amount of light.
Speed is how fast an object is moving.
Speed is how fast or slowly something is moving.
Speed is how fast something is going.
Speed is how fast something travels.
Speed is how fast the club swings.
Speed is how fast the object is going, while velocity is speed plus direction.
Speed is how much time it takes a page to be viewed by the visitor.
Speed is ignorant of direction .
Speed is ignorant of direction.
Speed is impacted by other applications running.
Speed is impeded.
Speed is imperative in today's fast moving world.
Speed is imperative in today's fast-moving world.
Speed Is Important A good site loads quickly.
Speed is important because planets gravitationally affect their stars' motion.
Speed is important but accurate map work is the most critical aspect.
Speed is important but presentation is rated just as highly.
Speed is important for the business user printing multiple copies or long reports.
Speed is important for the success of the service.
Speed is important here because conflict between partners destroys business value.
Speed is important in decisions and actions.
Speed is important in product development as well as in the order cycle.
Speed is important to lessen the risk of hazards.
Speed is important to our users.
Speed is important too.
Speed is important when changing a business process.
Speed is important, and just the ability to play the game.
Speed is important, as only the first five people from different states and provinces are eligible.
Speed is important, because the sedative is short-lived.
Speed is important, but it is often sudden changes in speed that beats the defender.
Speed is important, but never at the expense of accuracy.
Speed is important, but perhaps even more important is fit.
Speed is important, but so is making sure the reply is correct for the situation.
Speed is important.
Speed is improved.
Speed is in a practical range in some cases.
Speed is in copies per minute.
Speed is in knots.
Speed is in miles per hour and distance is in miles with yards as a sub-measure.
Speed is in the Details.
Speed is increase after the flow of motion is established by pulling the hind leg into the body.
Speed is increased and costs are reduced.
Speed is indeed a key factor on the Web.
Speed is indicated by color.
Speed is influenced by the athlete's mobility, special strength, strength endurance and technique.
Speed is irrelevant.
Speed is irrespective, more or less, as the same mass is moved the same distance.
Speed is just a matter of money.
Speed is just one of many reasons today's DWDM technology is suitable for regional metro networks.
Speed is just the rate of change in position.
Speed is key, and it can only get faster from here.
Speed is key, but more importantly, messing with the opponent is fun.
Speed is key.
Speed is king in Magic.
Speed is king when it comes to surfing the Internet.
Speed is left to the liners, who run the silk, and tea, and spices.
Speed is less important than correct response.
Speed is less of an issue for most corporate buyers than features and manageability are.
Speed is life, altitude is life insurance.
Speed is life.
Speed is made up of reaction time and movement time.
Speed is major contributor in most traffic accidents.
Speed is measured as the length of time it takes to complete specific products or work units.
Speed is measured by the distance covered divided by the elapsed time.
Speed is measured by using elapsed time as a factor in the scoring.
Speed is measured in characters per second.
Speed is measured in kilobits per second.
Speed is measured in knots .
Speed is measured in revolutions per minute by a tachometer.
Speed is measured in two ways.
Speed is measured with an anemometer , a device with cups that turn during a wind.
Speed is medium framed and really thick topped and quartered.
Speed is mentioned often as a critical factor on the Net.
Speed is money.
Speed is more critical on a diesel than a gas engine.
Speed is more directly related to efficiency than energy expenditure.
Speed is more important at first than height.
Speed is more important than accuracy.
Speed is more important than anything.
Speed is more important than pointing.
Speed is more important to Donatell than weight.
Speed is more likely to be improved than accuracy.
Speed is more of a factor.
Speed is more of a gift than a reward.
Speed is more of a gradual buildup than sudden.
Speed is most important when playing the latest CD-ROM video games.
Speed is motion.
Speed is much less critical than clarity when using voice recognition programs.
Speed is multiple of the angular speed of the deferent.
Speed is necessary for beating out a thunderstorm or reaching a distant campsite before dark.
Speed is necessary, as is timing.
Speed is needed in the ocean to catch prey.
Speed is never enough.
Speed is never the issue.
Speed is next because performance requirements are easy to determine, and often important.
Speed is nice but cool is better.
Speed is nice, but the handle is the key.
Speed is no exception to the rule.
Speed is no issue here.
Speed is no longer an issue, but reliability is.
Speed is no longer an obstacle.
Speed is no longer king.
Speed is no longer quite as critical.
Speed is noisy.
Speed is nothing if the site quality diminishes.
Speed is now a primary business success factor.
Speed is now even faster.
Speed is now the king when aggregated purchasing is put into practice.
Speed is now the name of the game in West Lafayette.
Speed is nuts.
Speed is obvious.
Speed is of course a major issue, both in terms of data access and running remote applications.
Speed is of course also enhanced.
Speed is of course very important, in our business a product is measured in frames per second.
Speed is of equal importance.
Speed is of great importance.
Speed is of secondary consequence.
Speed is of the essence for moldmaking shops to stay competitive.
Speed is of the essence here.
Speed is of the essence if their lives are to be saved.
Speed is of the essence in child recovery.
Speed is of the essence in countering adverse publicity.
Speed is of the essence when looking up words in an exam.
Speed is of the essence, especially for businesses whose lifeblood is quick responsiveness online.
Speed is of the essence, says a Silicon Valley marketing wizard.
Speed is of the essence, since the threat of nuclear, chemical and biological terrorism looms.
Speed is of the essence.
Speed is of the greatest importance for a web site.
Speed is offered a job with the gang.
Speed is often a major contributing factor.
Speed is often as important as stealth.
Speed is often the difference between a quick or a costly solution.
Speed is often very important in calculations for navigation.
Speed is once again of the essence and on normal setting the players move around at lightening pace.
Speed is one advantage of a high-tech world.
Speed is one asset the mass spectrometer brings to the battlefield.
Speed is one issue.
Speed is one of the critical issues facing IT today.
Speed is one of the elements of progress in the grinding wheel industry.
Speed is one of the key elements necessary to make it in today's hotly competitive world.
Speed is one of the key elements.
Speed is one of the main usability criteria for web design.
Speed is one of the most crucial aspects of mobile browsers.
Speed is one of the most important factors in the information age.
Speed is one of the things that has affected television.
Speed is one reason.
Speed is one thing.
Speed is one.
Speed is only as good as the available bandwidth.
Speed is only necessary for junior-level vacancies which can be filled almost immediately.
Speed is only one advantage.
Speed is only one of the advantages of using solid-state technology.
Speed is only part of the equation.
Speed is ordered to walk to a statue.
Speed is our destiny, speed is our fate.
Speed is our major strength.
Speed is our strength and our kids are very aggressive and love to fly to the ball and gang tackle.
Speed is paces.
Speed is paramount in today's environment of leapfrogging technology.
Speed is paramount.
Speed is particularly important on high-speed production lines.
Speed is particularly important since drugmakers want to cash in before patents expire.
Speed is particularly important since increased speeds result in traffic tickets, accidents etc.
Speed is perfect with sound enabled.
Speed is perhaps kinematic amount.
Speed is personal.
Speed is pleasurable as long as it is comprehensible.
Speed is poor.
Speed is possibly the most critical factor in determining the effectiveness of a web site.
Speed is power.
Speed is probably the biggest factor in deciding how to connect to the Internet.
Speed is probably the biggest factor.
Speed is product dependent.
Speed is proportional to motive force, and inversely proportional to resistance.
Speed is quite good.
Speed is quite up to par.
Speed is rate of stride x length of stride.
Speed is rates.
Speed is really the only factor.
Speed is recorded in knots.
Speed is recorded in miles or kilometers per hour.
Speed is reduced by movement, but is restored to maximum at the beginning of the movement phase.
Speed is reflected by the number of frames it took for the reflex hammer to strike.
Speed is relative and relatively unimportant.
Speed is relative to social settings.
Speed is relative to the maneuver that the car has to be doing.
Speed is relative to the rotation of the earth.
Speed Is Relative'.
Speed is relative.
Speed is required because being the first one to the finish line means being the fastest athlete.
Speed is resolved to a tenth of a knot.
Speed is restricted to eliminate wakes.
Speed is safety, but there is a fine line between moving quickly and rushing things.
Speed is safety.
Speed is said to be a scalar quantity.
Speed is same fo upload and download.
Speed is second only to alcohol in causes for fatal car crashes on America's roads.
Speed is secondary to handling.
Speed is secondary.
Speed is seductive.
Speed is set for the largest case to be used.
Speed is short, but definitely sweet.
Speed is shown in red, efficiency in blue.
Speed is similar.
Speed is simply repetition and lots of it.
Speed is slightly fast and has medium armour.
Speed is slow but accurate.
Speed is something of the other matter though.
Speed is something that is becoming increasingly more important in our society.
Speed is something that nobody has a handle on.
Speed is something which contemporary people seem to take for absolutely granted.
Speed is sometimes just an antidote for sorrow and grief, sadness and loneliness.
Speed is speed.
Speed is still a major catchword in college football today.
Speed is still an issue with hypermedia.
Speed is still an issue, though.
Speed is still another characteristic of the information age.
Speed is still more important than creativity.
Speed is still slow as hell, but it loads files now.
Speed is subjective and cultural experience.
Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.
Speed is such a big thing.
Speed is supreme.
Speed is the ability to rapidly propel the body or a part of the body from one point to another.
Speed is the absolute most critical factor in the usability of a site.
Speed is the accuracy and speed with which the graph is drawn.
Speed is the acid test of the genetics of gait.
Speed is the advantage.
Speed is the answer.
Speed is the best guarantee of safety in the mountains.
Speed is the biggest factor.
Speed is the bottom line of horse racing and racehorse breeding.
Speed is the buzzword of the information economy.
Speed is the cornerstone of our long-term business strategy.
Speed is the crucial factor in delivering networked digital video at both levels.
Speed is the defining metric.
Speed is the determining factor for the marathon.
Speed is the difference between surviving and thriving in an ever-changing competitive market.
Speed is the direct result of acceleration and control.
Speed is the driving force now.
Speed is the enemy of offensive lineman.
Speed is the essence in shipping.
Speed is the essence of everything.
Speed is the essence of treatment.
Speed is the essence when one deals with bacterial infections.
Speed is the essence, whether it be the hurried lunch or that unavoidable deadline.
Speed is the essence.
Speed is the essential element.
Speed is the falcon's forte.
Speed is the goal here.
Speed is the go-fast's greatest asset.
Speed is the great advantage of switches.
Speed is the great issue.
Speed is the important thing.
Speed is the issue.
Speed is the key here, because the faster a plane flies, the more heat builds up on it.
Speed is the key here, ladies and gentlemen.
Speed is the key here.
Speed is the key in solving the equations.
Speed is the key to handle emergencies, especially heart attacks.
Speed is the key to solving the equations.
Speed is the key to usability.
Speed is the key when developing applications to be served over the Internet.
Speed is the key, as there are always fewer dolphins than players.
Speed is the key.
Speed is the king, and mental toughness owns the match point.
Speed is the leading cause of death of young men in Oregon.
Speed is the lifeblood of today's digital economy .
Speed is the magnitude of the vector quantity velocity.
Speed is the magnitude of velocity.
Speed is the main factor that separates one type of Internet connection from another.
Speed is the main problem with driving on ice.
Speed is the major cause of accidents on the trail.
Speed is the mantra of the Internet economy.
Speed is the measure of efficiency.
Speed is the measure of motion.
Speed is the most basic example of accessibility.
Speed is the most crucial element in the sport.
Speed is the most essential factor of force or power.
Speed is the most important element in producing lift.
Speed is the most important factor in getting a student to say yes.
Speed is the most important factor in the success of any site.
Speed is the most important factor when dealing with a recall.
Speed is the most important for information now.
Speed is the most important thing in hockey.
Speed is the most important thing.
Speed is the most significant factor in determining the severity of a crash.
Speed is the name of the game in the outfield as the starters posses the ability.
Speed is the name of the game in visual communication.
Speed is the name of the game on the drug front.
Speed is the name of the game on the Internet.
Speed is the name of the game, and the fastest dog wins.
Speed is the name of the game.
Speed is the Name of the Game.
Speed is the new test's great advantage.
Speed is the next most important thing to security when it comes to data trans-mission.
Speed is the next victim.
Speed is the number of squares moved during the momentum move.
Speed is the only existence that many people know.
Speed is the only form of security.
Speed is the only way they are supposed to travel.
Speed is the opening or aperture of the lens.
Speed is the precious commodity of gene exchange.
Speed is the primary advantage mentioned.
Speed is the primary advantage of wireless.
Speed is the primary benefit.
Speed is the primary difference between speculative and legitimate trade.
Speed is the primary goal.
Speed is the primary protection for an adult white-tailed deer.
Speed is the rate at which something is moving.
Speed is the rate at which something moves, while velocity is the speed in a particular direction.
Speed is the rate at which something travels a distance or length.
Speed is the real problem.
Speed is the reason why defenses as a whole have gotten smaller, especially at the end position.
Speed is the scalar quantity that is the magnitude of the velocity vector.
Speed is the shrinkage of time through near-instantaneous communication and computation.
Speed is the single biggest factor affecting the severity of a highway crash.
Speed is the supreme driving force behind the information explosion.
Speed is the ultimate weapon in today's markets.
Speed is the word.
Speed is their by-word.
Speed is their game.
Speed is their main attribute.
Speed is their top priority.
Speed is thought to be a factor in about a third of all casualty accidents.
Speed is thrown in the cell.
Speed is to high.
Speed is too slow.
Speed is unchanged, but at least now it works much better.
Speed is unfailingly of the essence.
Speed is unimportant, but fuel economy is.
Speed is unlikely to increase, since if one processor is communicating, no others can.
Speed is up in a tree draped over a branch.
Speed is updated on the fly, no warm reset is necessary.
Speed is used for initiative.
Speed is useful for quickly getting around some of the opponents attacks.
Speed is usually a luxury but for some a necessity.
Speed is usually the key.
Speed is variable depending on the packing cycle time with speeds up to fifteen cases per minute.
Speed is varied by pulling the pilot's weight forwards to go faster and backwards to slow down.
Speed is very good, check.
Speed is very important but many other factors affect fuel usage.
Speed is very important to users of the Internet.
Speed is very important, especially in multiplayer.
Speed is very important.
Speed is vital - and, so is decisive focus on actions that quickly create shareholder value.
Speed is vital at virtually every position except catcher, and often is a tiebreaker at draft time.
Speed is vital for a successful rescue.
Speed is vital, and security requirements are minimal.
Speed is vital.
Speed is way up, pulls hard out of the corners, higher revs on the straights.
Speed is what all scouts and coaches look for in a quality player.
Speed is what counts.
Speed is what every good football team has and every bad football team needs.
Speed is what has characterised the emergence of the information economy.
Speed is what it is all about.
Speed is what lies at the heart of Internet technology.
Speed is what makes erosion.
Speed is what matters.
Speed is where it's at.
Speed is wonderful, especially in a green field.
Speed is, in any case, undesirable in a national park.
Speed is, of course, one of the main issues.
Speed isa rate.
Speed joins in the fray.
Speed just increases the likelihood and severity of the stop.
Speed keeps climbing in the chase.
Speed kills and is very important in the grand scheme of baseball.
Speed kills economy High speeds result in high fuel consumption.
Speed kills Many motorists break the speed limit each day.
Speed kills on the highways and it kills on the water.
Speed kills when drivers are taught only how to get a licence.
Speed kills when governments are quick to blame speeding as the sole cause of road trauma.
Speed kills when road safety experts treat drivers as idiots and intellectually challenged children.
Speed kills when roads are built to the lowest price rather than the highest standards.
Speed kills, and more speed kills more.
Speed kills, friends.
Speed limits All speed limits are clearly posted in Sweden.
Speed limits Speed limits are clearly marked on traffic signs, on all Swedish roads.
Speed lowers the body's natural defenses against disease.
Speed makes it equally a material and immaterial thing.
Speed makes light pancakes.
Speed makes the difference in the markets.
Speed makes the difference.
Speed matters more than almost anything.
Speed means a bias for action.
Speed means everything in the world of globalization and is aiding in the expansion of it.
Speed means fewer material cost increases and less or even no cost for construction loan money.
Speed means instant gratification and high-velocity response.
Speed means profits.
Speed means safety in the peaks.
Speed means simple.
Speed means to make sure the customers have want they want within a reasonable time limit.
Speed meets the four mutants.
Speed multiplied by value equals the velocity of profitable cash flow.
Speed needs some work, but hey.
Speed needs to be a little faster.
Speed never goes into a slump.
Speed notices something at the base of the dinosaurs' skulls.
Speed notices the bones of men who tried to enter the country.
Speed only becomes a danger when combined with incompetence, or carelessness - or both.
Speed only gives distance and time.
Speed only matters if it is done right.
Speed permits survival.
Speed plagues it, still.
Speed plays a major role in the extent of traffic accident injury.
Speed plays a major role in the incidence of injury as well as strength and muscle development.
Speed plays a part in nearly every fatal snowmobile crash.
Speed prove Stocking beyond eight aside few land's end clothing when intend across most society.
Speed provides people with a pleasurable high.
Speed pulls up and sees the sleeping guards.
Speed puts up the deflector and turns on the radio.
Speed ranges from one to five pages per minute, depending on the document.
Speed reading instructors vary in their suggestions.
Speed Reading Now go to the questions.
Speed realizes that the real prince is locked up in the hotel room.
Speed really does kill.
Speed reduces the stability of tractors.
Speed refers to the magnitude of the velocity.
Speed relays the information to Pops.
Speed remains as it was.
Speed remains essentially the same.
Speed remains the number one cause of accidents.
Speed requires concentrated energy sources and storage, the more so the greater the distance.
Speed requires conversion of energy into thrust with utmost efficiency, and utmost effect.
Speed requires that muscles produce energy as quickly as possible.
Speed rounds on handsome old wooden game tables with tiny dice.
Speed saves lives.
Speed saves money.
Speed saves time.
Speed seems exaggerated when viewed on a television monitor.
Speed seems modeled well.
Speed seems to be a problem for some users.
Speed seems to be one big improvement, along with more traction.
Speed seems to be the main goal of Greek drivers, and traffic signs are routinely ignored.
Speed sees the truck and tries to catch it.
Speed sells in our culture.
Speed shake and serve.
Speed Shows the current baud rate of serial lines.
Speed simply tells the magnitude of the time rate of change of position.
Speed speeds the flow of business blood.
Speed spelled backwards is 'deeps' .
Speed spud Set up a ramp to roll potatoes down.
Speed still plays a major role in accidents.
Speed takes on particular importance when using on-line Internet services.
Speed takes over recapping the story.
Speed takes precedence over precise accuracy.
Speed takes the Mach Five out onto the bridge.
Speed tells reporters in Melbourne.
Speed There are ways for users to specify text only.
Speed -There is no docket or backlog in arbitration.
Speed therefore matters more than precision, particularly in the selection of parents.
Speed torpedoes Consecutive torpedo resolution.
Speed transforms the point into a line.
Speed tries to fight off the monster, but gets beaten badly.
Speed turns out to be a secondary issue in most cases.
Speed urges the old man driving the car to put the top up and offers to help.
Speed uses the bazooka to enter the hideout.
Speed varies according to distance and wire gauge.
Speed varies based on load and depth.
Speed varies dependent on the age level and the ability of the child.
Speed varies depending on how many subscribers are signed up in a particular area.
Speed varies depending on the system bus speed of the computer.
Speed varies depending on whether hand generated or machine generated.
Speed varies from service to service.
Speed varies wildly.
Speed varies with encryption algorithm.
Speed watches the assassins demonstrate their skills.
Speed wins out over substance as they create a little marshmallow inferno.
Speed wins over OO flexibility.
Speed wins races, but only to a point.
Speed wins the knighthoods.
Speeds also vary depending on line conditions.
Speeds amaze even very experienced paddlers.
Speeds are absolutely nuts around here.
Speeds are all about the same.
Speeds are download only and dependant on line conditions.
Speeds are fine.
Speeds are high and road manners important.
Speeds are in frames by second.
Speeds are in kilometers per hour.
Speeds are in mph but distances and exit numbers are by kilometer.
Speeds are increased, and the probability of safely crossing is drastically reduced.
Speeds are less at high temperature, so there is more time for reactions between nuclei.
Speeds are low, and precision is moderate.
Speeds are low, and the emphasis is on skill and technique.
Speeds are moderate, but can be inconsistent from hole to hole . . .
Speeds are now fast and effortless.
Speeds are relative to each respective racing circuit.
Speeds are relatively constant.
Speeds are slow , medium and fast .
Speeds are slow and network cost expensive.
Speeds are software programmable.
Speeds are still slow for international access as the connections go via South Africa.
Speeds are the same as for the rollabouts.
Speeds are usually the same as dial-up, but the connection is always there.
Speeds can drop in the afternoons when hordes of people go online at the same time.
Speeds can obviously vary when dealing with shallow water, significant headwinds, or tidal streams.
Speeds can range up to six gigabits per second.
Speeds can vary depending on distances involved.
Speeds can vary widely hour by hour, even minute by minute.
Speeds can vary.
Speeds cited are for wired connection.
Speeds drop dramatically and so do road accidents.
Speeds fluctuate and depend upon several factors.
Speeds given are typical speeds.
Speeds keep escalating because teams are working on power, aerodynamics, and the chassis.
Speeds listed above represent on-board processing.
Speeds listed are the maximum under optimal conditions.
Speeds seem ok at present.
Speeds shown for power boats are maximum in knots.
Speeds uniformly are down.
Speeds vary according to temperature and pressure.
Speeds vary by type of meat.
Speeds vary considerably.
Speeds vary depending on location.
Speeds vary depending on program and speedway.
Speeds vary depending on the distance between the customer and the telco central office.
Speeds vary from walking pace to 'scary-fast'.
Speeds vary, there are many possible reasons if the network appears to be slow.
Speeds vary, too.
Speeds wound healing, reduces scar tissue.
Speed always costs extra.
Speed always seems to be their top concern.
Speed always wins over size in perl.
Speed often matters more than sage advice, though.
Speeds often vary throughout a sighting.
Speed usually is associated with an increase in pace, rather than lengthening of the stride.
All speeds are available.
All speeds are bi-directional.
All speeds are burst rate.
All speeds are for symmetric bandwidth.
All speeds are in kilometres per hour.
All speeds are relative , except for the speed of light, which is absolute .
All speeds are slow or sound slow even when the movement takes no longer than other performances.
All speeds are symmetric, which means that they operate at the same speed in both directions.
All speeds are symmetrical.
All speeds are the same low price.
All speeds listed in the tests are passenger train speeds only.
All speeds quoted are instantaneous.
Any Speed can help.
More speed is achieved by eliminating hidden faces from consideration before rendering.
More speed is available by using more hosts.
More speed is available immediately in full height drives.
More speed is sought in the secondary.
More speed means a higher temperature.
More speed means a wider range - offering the greatest selection of secluded destinations.
More speed means a wider range.
More speed means better coverage and a more aggressive forecheck.
More speed means less time for boredom.
More speed means more air.
More speed means more explosion, and that leads to more distance.
A speedboat is a powerboat
Speedboat Can go pretty fast, but it bumps a lot.
Speedboat hits on seaside restaurants, that kind of stuff.
Speedboat rides, riverbank nature walks, bush barbeque, Aboriginal archaeological tour.
Speedboat tests for issue of licenses.
Speedboats are available for waterskiing and there are glass-bottom boats.
Speedboats are boats.
Speedboats are motorboats.
Speedboats have powerful motors.
A speeder is a driver
Speeders are drivers.
Speeders can endanger themselves, as well as construction workers.
Speeders desire radar detectors.
Speeders then receive tickets in the mail about seven days later.
Speeders throw out trash and cigarette butts that start grass fires.
Many speeders are local residents caught in the daily rush.
Some speeders wear minimal pads, others only a helmet and skin suit and take what comes.
Speeding causes tickets.
A speedometer is a meter
Speedometer allows for several levels of customization.
Speedometer becomes electronic.
Speedometer is zero in front of the house. . . .
Speedometer isa measuring device.
Speedometers are meters.
Speedometers are part of motor vehicles.
Speedometers have (part) sections.
Many speedometers have a trip odometer that can be reset to zero at the beginning of a trip.
Some speedometers are part of ambulances.
Some speedometers are part of automobiles.
Some speedometers are part of autos.
Some speedometers are part of cars.
Some speedometers are part of dumpers.
Some speedometers are part of go-karts.
Some speedometers are part of motorbikes.
Some speedometers are part of pickups.
Some speedometers are part of taxis.
Some speedometers are part of trucks.
A speedskater is an ice-skater
Speedskaters do it for the hybrid durability and shock-absorption mentioned previously.
A speedup is speed
Speedups can be dramatic.
Speedups improve with the size of the circuit and the activity level in the circuit.
Speedway machines are like fuel drag bikes, stripped to the bare essentials.
Speedway tours are available.
A speedway is a track
Speedway isa road.
Speedways are racetracks.
Speedways are roads.
Speedways have (part) readsides.
Speedways have (part) safety islands.
Speedways have (part) safety isles.
Speedways have (part) safety zones.
Speedways have (part) traffic circles.
Speedways have (part) traffic islands.
Any speedway is a danger zone.
Most speedways are stellar but lack the passion of a superspeedway event.
Speedweek video is now available.
A speedwell is a flower
Speedwells have a short tap root to fibrous root systems and branching upright stems.
Speedy access is a primary concern.
Speedy action can help overcome most of the distressing situations.
Speedy analysis reveals mutations, insights into outbreak, along with clues to origin, spread.
Speedy colt is one tough customer.
Speedy communication makes the world ever smaller.
Speedy delivery is a good sign.
Speedy delivery is essential.
Speedy deployments are due in part to limited customization and integration efforts.
Many speedy dogs have control.
Speedy dolphins are hard to catch in the act.
Speedy installation reduces downtime.
Speedy justice is another reason.
Speedy pages are critical.
Speedy play is encouraged.
Speedy recovery depends on a number of things.
Speedy release is extremely important to make statistics relevant to the administrative process.
Speedy service can, at times, be difficult to come by when students bring their own computers.
Speedy service is very important to a business s success on the internet.
Speedy tempo brings no sharp cry of pain while rhythmic energy floods the warm dusky abode.
Speedy test catches up with brain cell impulses.
Speedy throughput makes a difference in both cost and favorable user experience.
Speedy trains link Austria to all parts of Europe.
Speedy transit is essential.
Speedy treatment is essential.
Speedy work wins rewards Many builders are pressing forward despite the land and labor crunches.
Speical attention is given to the technical issues of mounting techniques.
Speical needs use the south restroom.
A speleologist is an explorer
Speleologists have good hunting grounds in the limestone formations of Andalucia.
Speleologists use many special contrivances and methods in exploring caves.
All spell casters get bonus spells based on high abilities.
All spell checks have trouble with abbreviations and names.
Spell checkers are dictionaries.
Spell checkers are utility programs.
Spell isa auditory communication.
Spell isa time.
Spells are a personal thing and better done by the creator of the spell.
Spells are active in camp, while adventuring or when in battle.
Spells are always a great excuse for graphics fireworks.
Spells are at the heart of any magic based character, adventure, or campaign.
Spells are available as well, and they come in the defensive and offensive varieties.
Spells are brief in duration with prompt recovery on recumbency.
Spells are cool.
Spells are definitely an attractive feature of witchcraft.
Spells are easily adaptable.
Spells are familiar, as are many of the monsters.
Spells are far easier to categorize, and spell use is a little more widespread.
Spells are just active prayers.
Spells are like focused prayers.
Spells are magic cast by players, sometimes at objects or other players.
Spells are mainly same as mage, except for haste.
Spells are now entities.
Spells are powerful and dangerous things.
Spells are powerful magic.
Spells are something cast by Witches.
Spells are speechs.
Spells are strong if used with blades and traps.
Spells are stronger on the day of that element, and weaker on the day of the opposite element.
Spells are, after all, potentially disastrous undertakings.
Spells can also get combined.
Spells can banish negative things and promote positive things.
Spells can be cast each turn by heroes - that's the extent to which they're on the battlefield.
Spells can summon creatures, boost stats, attack the enemy, and so forth.
Spells come from four different schools of magic - light, dark, fire, and water.
Spells come in a number of categories.
Spells come in the form of scrolls which have a one-time use or books.
Spells consist of summon creature spells and sorceries.
Spells do work.
Spells draw from stamina, which drains far too quickly to make magic users viable in combat.
Spells go on the stack and can be countered.
Spells have a limit of how often they can be used.
Spells involving raw magical force, or the manipulation of other spells are also Ethereal.
Spells look really nice, and some of the new animations are fun.
Spells look spectacular as well.
Spells look spectacular once cast.
Spells obviously take TiME to concoct.
Spells range from fireballs and lightning to healing and protection.
Spells range from healing and enhancing skills, to direct damage and summoning allies.
Spells require fairly ordinary supplies like candles, herbs and common household items.
Spells require five times their spell circle in mana to cast.
Spells require mana.
Spells span seven levels of expertise.
Spells use the standard magical fuel known as mana.
Spells work on many different levels.
Spells work subtly, much like herbs do.
Spells often occur in the early morning.
All spells are global.
All spells are improvisational, and begin with an idea and a description.
All spells are more powerful in their natural genus.
All spells listed are surprisingly simple to cast.
All spells take a minimum of one day to cast.
Every spells have it's own possible target.
Many spells are auto-targetting.
Many spells fail unless they're done for the greatest real good of the greatest number.
Many spells involve writing a persons name upon a piece of paper or object.
Most spells are focused to reduce their casting cost.
Some spells are too fiddly to use effectively.
Some spells level up in the game creating a more powerful effect then the previous one.
Some spells replace an event that comes from the spell itself.
Some spells shoot a beam from the caster.
A spellbinder is a rhetorician
Spellbinders receive nine hours of training in a three-day storytelling workshop.
A speller is primer
Spellers begin to include silent vowels to mark long vowel sounds.
Spellers get ready for their first word.
Spellex software is sold throughout the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom.
A spelling bee is a contest
Spelling bee is apparently an American term.
Spelling bees are contests.
Spelling bees are for students from public, private, parochial and home schools.
Spelling bees are great but provide the sub with an appropriate list of words.
Spelling bees are out.
A spelling checker is a dictionary
Spelling checker is smart enough to skip quoted material.
Spelling checkers are a dime a dozen, and there are some pretty good ones out there.
Spelling checkers are wonderful tools.
Any spelling differences reflect the entries in the book.
Spelling errors are all too common.
Spelling errors are as found in the documents.
Spelling errors are detrimental to good teaching and testing.
Spelling errors are fatal on the internet.
Spelling errors are few.
Spelling errors are frequent , even on common words.
Spelling errors are frequent, even on common words, making it difficult to read.
Spelling errors are frequent, even on common words.
Spelling errors are in red.
Spelling errors are numerous.
Spelling errors are one of the most common reasons resumes are discarded by employers.
Spelling errors are similarly unacceptable.
Spelling errors are the biggest cause of failed searches.
Spelling errors are the leading cause of unsuccessful searches.
Spelling errors are unacceptable in college work.
Spelling errors can happen.
Spelling errors detract significantly from any report.
Spelling errors display with a red wavy line under the word.
Spelling errors hurt credibility almost as much as inaccurate information.
Spelling errors occur frequently in the Somali press and in government reports.
Spelling errors reflect speed of interaction since the dialog happens in real time.
All spelling errors are property of the finder.
Most spelling errors are inexcusable, especially titles and authors or works studied in the course.
Spelling mistakes are in the index that way.
Spelling mistakes are permanent.
Spelling mistakes are the most obvious type of error.
Spelling mistakes can cause errors in e-mail links.
Spelling mistakes can give bad impressions.
Spelling mistakes interfere with reading.
Spelling mistakes stick out like the proverbial sore thumb.
Spelling mistakes tend to be the rule rather than the exception.
All spelling mistakes are intentional.
Any spelling mistakes are due to an error with the program used to transmit it.
Spelling reform Learn all the new spelling rules in an amusing way.
Spelling rules vary.
Spelling tests are on Fridays.
A spelling is a writing
Spelling also needs an overhaul.
Spelling appears as on stones.
Spelling Apply spelling checker to a word, or a whole file.
Spelling are skills.
Spelling be ready for spelling test.
Spelling becomes important when looking at the language of Germany.
Spelling becomes the greater challenge instead of reading in the more advanced lessons.
Spelling can also vary from country to country.
Spelling can be a new source of personal pride.
Spelling can be a problem from old records depending who wrote it etc.
Spelling can be British or American, but consistent throughout.
Spelling can vary from country to country.
Spelling comes later, as children develop.
Spelling contains interactive spelling quizzes.
Spelling correctly is a great goal.
Spelling correctly is important because it clarifies expression.
Spelling covers that vast and confusing differences in the ways of spelling the exact same word.
Spelling cues iv.
Spelling Do a spelling lesson in field experience.
Spelling does count, even in e-mail.
Spelling does count.
Spelling has a lot to do with reading.
Spelling has a standout meltdown moment that's unnervingly soul-searching.
Spelling has to be exact, and the e-mail address is in lowercase.
Spelling is a complex cognitive process that entails more than sheer memorization.
Spelling is a complex skill.
Spelling is a component of the language arts program.
Spelling is a constant problem.
Spelling is a developmental skill.
Spelling is a hapless romantic at heart.
Spelling is a lossed art.
Spelling is a more difficult learning task than reading.
Spelling is a non-graded process.
Spelling is a problem.
Spelling is a regular part of the language arts curriculum through eighth grade.
Spelling is a sport.
Spelling is a writing skill and vocabulary is a reading skill.
Spelling is a writing skill.
Spelling is accurate, apart from occasional slips of the pen.
Spelling is actually a very abstract concept.
Spelling is also a component of the program and a test and dictation is administered weekly.
Spelling is also essential when students have to produce written work in class.
Spelling is also important.
Spelling is also part of the instruction as it is difficult for most special education students.
Spelling is also very important.
Spelling is also weak.
Spelling is always an issue with old records.
Spelling is always provisional.
Spelling is an easier learning task than reading.
Spelling is an important consideration, also.
Spelling is an important part of our English program.
Spelling is an instructional program that enhances reading achievement and keyboard skills.
Spelling is another common homework assignment.
Spelling is another problem.
Spelling is approached as a process rather than memorization.
Spelling is as found in original document.
Spelling is as in the original.
Spelling is as it appears on census.
Spelling is as it appears on the film.
Spelling is as it appears on the microfilm.
Spelling is as near as possible to the original text.
Spelling is as on plat.
Spelling is as read, with no attempt to 'correct'.
Spelling is at one level is the accurate representation of words.
Spelling is British.
Spelling is case sensitive.
Spelling is checked.
Spelling is consistent with the pronunciation guide in an American dictionary.
Spelling is correct in written work.
Spelling is correct on simple words.
Spelling is correct throughout the letter.
Spelling is correct with all sketches and diagrams completed neatly.
Spelling is correct, and words are legible.
Spelling is correct, things are neat, etc.
Spelling is correct,with the exception of risk-taking words.
Spelling is correct.
Spelling is dead.
Spelling is developmental.
Spelling is different depending of the pet's gender.
Spelling is difficult always.
Spelling is done on a weekly basis.
Spelling is exactly as in the book.
Spelling is far more important to our social fabric than is generally realised.
Spelling is generally accurate.
Spelling is generally correct , even on more difficult words.
Spelling is generally correct, even on more difficult words.
Spelling is generally correct.
Spelling is given as it was recorded in the register.
Spelling is haphazard, with street signs using one spelling on one corner and another on the next.
Spelling is hard.
Spelling Is Important .
Spelling is important for a successful search.
Spelling is important when searching.
Spelling is important, however.
Spelling is important.
Spelling Is Important.
Spelling is improved when reading is done.
Spelling Is in Context.
Spelling is individualized based on student needs.
Spelling is instructed with an emphasis on mastery of basic sight words.
Spelling is left as found.
Spelling is less important than sound.
Spelling is more difficult for some students than others.
Spelling is more fun in chocolate.
Spelling is much more conservative than the spoken language.
Spelling is no longer an issue and sentence fragments are common place in virtual meetings.
Spelling is normalized and certain features such as deleted and overwritten text are suppressed.
Spelling is notoriously difficult in English, as it is morphologically motivated.
Spelling is one of the main problem areas for users of English at all levels.
Spelling is one thing under control.
Spelling is only one of the content areas here.
Spelling is part of the writing process.
Spelling is particularly relevant in the case of a museum visit for example.
Spelling is per plat.
Spelling is perfect.
Spelling is phonetic.
Spelling is pretentious.
Spelling is primarily a visual skill.
Spelling is promoted as an integrated part of the writing and editing process.
Spelling is reinforced and practiced to mastery.
Spelling is reinforced in the writing process and throughout the other curricular areas.
Spelling is safe judgment and ridicule territory.
Spelling is sic.
Spelling is slightly variable, and occasionally handwriting is obscure.
Spelling is straightforward.
Spelling is taught as a separate subject.
Spelling is taught as part of the whole curriculum.
Spelling is taught in the context of reading and writing.
Spelling is taught less and less in schools.
Spelling is taught simultaneously with reading.
Spelling is the exception.
Spelling is the key to a successful search.
Spelling is the last piece to come developmentally.
Spelling is the number one cause of login failure.
Spelling is the responsibility of the customer.
Spelling is the responsibility of the person submitting the information.
Spelling is the way it appears in the record.
Spelling is up to personal preferences.
Spelling is usually correct on common words.
Spelling is usually correct or reasonably phonetic on common words.
Spelling is usually correct, or reasonably phonetic, on common words.
Spelling is usually correct.
Spelling is valued in our society.
Spelling is verbatim.
Spelling is very important as search engines are simply keyword indexes.
Spelling is very important when it comes to business correspondence.
Spelling is, however, erratic.
Spelling Learn how to spell.
Spelling Learn more about proper letter and e-mail etiquette.
Spelling Learn some of the tricks to mastering French spelling.
Spelling needs improvement.
Spelling needs to be checked, but that presents some special problems.
Spelling offers hints and interactive quizzes for spelling.
Spelling offers suggestions and interactive quizzes for spelling.
Spelling plays an important role in learning to read.
Spelling plays the best friend of one of the guys.
Spelling provides an important support for other language arts skills.
Spelling refers to the ability to write out a word using letter tiles.
Spelling requires more than just sounding it out.
Spelling requires visualization and processing.
Spelling seems to be a weak point and the slower learners and less productive seem to get left out.
Spelling seems to be inaccurate.
Spelling seems to have been a problem in the early years of the settlers.
Spelling Sign up for a brush-up in spelling skills.
Spelling still counts.
Spelling supports the reading process.
Spelling trains the memory and is based on letter strings in common words.
Spelling Use the first spelling listed except in official titles or proper names.
Spelling Use the following spelling words throughout the week.
Spelling varies for many names.
Spelling varies from source to source on known people.
Spelling varies from year to year, race to race, and even heats in a given race.
Spelling works like a standard spell checking program.
Spellings are as in the original typescript.
Spellings are as in the transcript.
Spellings are as they appear in the booklet text.
Spellings are as they appear in the census, to the best ability of the transcriber.
Spellings are as they appear in the original.
Spellings are as they appear in the registers.
Spellings are as they appeared.
Spellings are correct, and so on.
Spellings are from page titles or bookmark files.
Spellings are in the orginal representation.
Spellings are of course as they appear in the sources and secondary literature.
Spellings are sound spellings.
Spellings are the same as on the certificates.
Spellings following 'also' are forms that occur less frequently.
Spellings vary in different parts of the world.
Spelling always counts.
Spellings often differ between sources.
Spellings often vary but it is often to specify the exact origin of the name.
Spelling sometimes varies when using English letters to interpret the syllables.
All spelling below is exactly as in the article.
All spelling is as appeared in the book.
All spelling is as it was in the original letters.
All spelling is correct.
All spelling is implied.
All spellings are as given on the document.
All spellings are as given.
All spellings are as in the original book.
All spellings are as on the original lists.
All spellings are as on the original memorial.
All spellings are as on the original.
All spellings are as per original.
All spellings are as they appear in print.
All spellings are English.
All spellings are exactly as on the original typescript.
All spellings are exactly as on the typescript.
All spellings are original.
All spellings are the same as on the cerificate.
All spellings are the same as on the certificate.
All spellings are the same as on the certificates.
All spellings are the same as on the index.
All spellings are verbatim.
All spellings welcome.
Many spellings are British vice the American ones.
Many spellings are confused.
Most spelling is based on American usage rather than British.
Most spelling is done on a big dry erase board.
Some spellings are speculative.
Many Spelman students attend, local, regional and national professional conferences with faculty.
Spelt bread has few air pockets, is well formed and tastes great.
Spelt flour contains gluten, but it's tolerated by many people with gluten allergies.
A spelunker is an explorer
Spelunkers are at risk of infection.
Spelunkers are hobbyists.
Spelunkers are the idiots that explore caves for the fun of it.
Spelunkers choose different knots for different purposes.
Spelunkers do it underground.
Spelunkers enjoy exploring the numerous limestone caves in and around Monroe County.
Spelunkers use others.
Spend patterns evolve over time.
A spender is a consumer
Spender disagrees with the theory.
Spender goes on to discuss a gender gap between men and women in the world of computers.
Spender informs Scully.
Spender melds history, anecdote, and personal observation into a cultural profile of unique charm.
Spender then pauses the tape.
Spender watches the big boys at play.
Spenders are customers.
Spenders are often spontaneous, disorganized and a whole bunch of fun to hang out with.
Spenders say been to bank to spend at jewellers .
Spenders stop the messages.
Spendid views bring the outdoors in.
Spending bills are often among the most contentious of all legislation.
A spending is a payment
Spending appears to be up.
Spending appears to be within budget for the periods tested.
Spending are monetary transactions.
Spending are payments.
Spending becomes an act of self-improvement.
Spending becomes more alluring than saving.
Spending can become a reason for being without that.
Spending continues to be so wild that it makes the proverbial drunken sailor seem parsimonious.
Spending continues to be the big problem.
Spending establishes a government's priorities.
Spending goes up in response.
Spending greases the wheels of the economy and keeps it growing.
Spending is about choices and priorities.
Spending is affected by many factors, including accounting practices, program participation, etc.
Spending is another important issue.
Spending is at moderate and sustainable levels.
Spending is controlled and monitored through a system of checks and balances.
Spending is down.
Spending is easy.
Spending is estimated by spending category and visitor segments.
Spending is forecast to grow across the board with few signs of real restraint.
Spending is high despite improvement in the program's actuarial soundness.
Spending is just about on target, except for the consultant, and that is now being cleared up.
Spending is likely to be sluggish for now.
Spending is limited by the amount of available cash.
Spending is limited in presidential elections if candidates choose to accept federal funds.
Spending is limited to the amount on the card.
Spending is monitored all year long to watch for the necessity of possible revisions.
Spending is much more conservative.
Spending is no problem for some people.
Spending is out of control, and there are various loopholes in federal campaign finance law.
Spending is planned and controlled in accordance with established priorities.
Spending is portrayed as an entitlement of young people.
Spending is prudent.
Spending is punished.
Spending is relative.
Spending is Reported Inaccurately.
Spending is statistically insignificant for all three grades.
Spending is still finite.
Spending is still fun.
Spending is subject to federal regulations or state regulations under state-administered programs.
Spending is the byproduct of total investment performance achieved.
Spending is the enemy and it is time that fact was stated loud and clearly.
Spending is the way they use to cope with frustrations and disappointments.
Spending is their specialty.
Spending is up, but learning is down.
Spending is what stimulates businesses to hire workers.
Spending is when government signs the checks.
Spending is within budget and there is money available to continue the work.
Spending locks the American taxpayer into an eternal debt.
Spending looks even steadier when combined with all communications services.
Spending needs change according to situations.
Spending refers to the way children decide to use their money.
Spending remains largely on track.
Spending rises every year.
Spending still seems to be pretty firm.
Spending suddenly goes up dramatically while income stays the same.
Spending verses visual earning.
Spending wins the Day .
More spending means more centralization, no matter what rhetoric it s wrapped in.
More spending means more excise tax payments.
More spending really does tend to equal more wins.
Most spending appears to have been by issue groups and parties.
Most spending is completely voluntary.
Some spending is by way of donations .
A spendthrift is a consumer
Spendthrifts burn it.
Spent sand is the largest by-product stream of the metalcasting industry.
Spent water drains out of the bottom of the housing.
Spent water drains out the bottom of the gauge.
Sperm analysis is the first step for the man.
A sperm bank is a repository
Sperm banks are located in cities.
Most sperm banks charge a registration fee or require a physician referral to use their sperm.
Most sperm banks offer only anonymous donors.
Some sperm banks charge astronomical rates, while others are quite reasonable.
Some sperm banks keep elaborate records.
Some sperm banks provide pictures.
Sperm competition decides who gets to sire offspring.
Sperm competition is responsible for many sexually selected traits in gastropods.
A sperm count is a count
Sperm counts are counts.
Sperm counts are critical.
Sperm counts are down dramatically, even in younger men.
Sperm counts are higher in polluted New York City than in pristine Wyoming.
Sperm counts can be extremely variable from one occasion to another.
Most sperm donors are students, and in particular medical students.
Some sperm ducts associate with structures.
Sperm ejaculation depends on circumstances.
Some sperm heads contain nuclei.
Sperm production becomes less.
Sperm production begins and there is rapid growth of the penis and testes.
Sperm production begins in the seminiferous tubules of the testes.
Sperm production is a continuous process once puberty is reached.
Sperm production is affected by temperature.
Sperm production is called spermatogenesis.
Sperm production is constant following puberty.
Sperm production is controlled by hormones.
Sperm production is highly sensitive to body temperature.
Sperm production is reduced in men who drive a truck for hours or regularly sit in hot tubs.
Sperm production occurs best at a temperature slightly below normal body temperature.
Sperm production occurs in a regular, monthly cycle.
Sperm production occurs on a continuous basis in healthy men without any sperm production problems.
Sperm quality depends on factors.
Sperm quality depends on many factors.
Sperm quality is better in the afternoon than in the morning.
Sperm quality is independent of the woman's age, but nevertheless very important.
Sperm quality is the subjective evaluation of how well sperm move.
Most sperm quality depends on factors.
Most sperm quality depends on many factors.
Sperm storage can be a wise precaution.
Sperm storage is complicated by the fact that many patients have low sperm counts at presentation.
Sperm storage is known and has been previously documented in some Australian species.
Sperm washing is actually a common technique.
Sperm whales attain full size.
Sperm whales attain size.
Sperm whales grow to feet.
Sperm whales have brains.
Sperm whales have eyes.
Sperm whales have jaws.
Sperm whales have mammalian brains.
Sperm whales have years.
Sperm whales hunt for prey.
Sperm whales possess organs.
Sperm whales produce sound.
Sperm whales receive sound.
Sperm whales roam oceans.
Sperm whales swim through deep water.
Sperm whales swim through water.
Sperm whales use noise.
Sperm whales wash up on coasts.
Sperm whales wash up on south coasts.
Many sperm whales have scars on their backs, believed to be caused by the hooks of colossal squid.
Most sperm whales attain full size.
Most sperm whales grow to feet.
Most sperm whales have brains.
Most sperm whales have eyes.
Most sperm whales have jaws.
Most sperm whales have mammalian brains.
Most sperm whales have years.
Most sperm whales possess organs.
Most sperm whales produce sound.
Most sperm whales receive sound.
Most sperm whales swim through deep water.
Most sperm whales swim through water.
Most sperm whales wash up on coasts.
Most sperm whales wash up on south coasts.
Some sperm whales are classified as lists.
Some sperm whales eat large sharks.
Some sperm whales eat monsters.
Some sperm whales eat sharks.
Some sperm whales feed on squids.
Some sperm whales have plastic.
Some sperm whales use noses.
Some sperm whales use shape noses.
Some sperm whales wash up on shores.
Sperm arise from transformation of choanocytes.
Sperm contribute only nuclear DNA when the egg is fertilized.
Sperm has (part) acrosomes.
Sperm has (part) cell membranes.
Sperm has (part) chromatin.
Sperm has (part) chromosomes.
Sperm has (part) corpi.
Sperm has (part) cytoplasm.
Sperm has (part) cytoskeletons.
Sperm has (part) flagella.
Sperm has (part) lobes.
Sperm has (part) nuclei.
Sperm has (part) plasma membranes.
Sperm has (part) sections.
Sperm has (part) vacuoles.
Sperm is a gamete
Sperm is gametes.
Sperm isa gamete.
Sperm originate in the testes and leave the male body through the penis.
Sperm tastes like sea water mixed with egg white.
Sperms are formed in the testis, a part of male reproductive system.
Sperms are passed into the female's body where fertilizatioin occurs.
Sperms are produced by primary sex organ i.e., called testes.
Sperms are produced in seminiferous tubules present in male reproductive organ testis.
Sperms are produced in the testis situated inside the scrotum.
Sperms are single celled male gametes with a head, midpiece, and a tail.
Sperms are the male gametes.
Sperms feed on nutrients in the semen fluid.
Sperms have flagella.
Sperms move to ovum and fuse with it to form a zygote.
Sperms produced in males are deposited into vagina through the process called copulation.
Sperms swim with their tails.
All sperm is useless.
All sperm require some form of liquid to swim to the eggs.
All sperms have a head and a tail called a flagellum.
Any sperm can fuse with any egg.
Every sperm has a soul.
Every sperm is fine.
Every sperm is good.
Every sperm is great.
Every sperm is needed.
Every sperm is sacred, every sperm is great.
Every sperm is sacred.
Every sperm is useful.
Every sperm is wanted.
Many sperm continue up to the ovary and can fertilize the egg.
Many sperm surround the egg in the Fallopian tube.
Most sperm have a group of five mitochondrial clumps in the midpiece.
Most sperm reach their target within minutes.
Some sperm is part of anglerfish.
Some sperm is part of anglers.
Some sperm is part of argentines.
Some sperm is part of belugas.
Some sperm is part of bluefishes.
Some sperm is part of carps.
Some sperm is part of cods.
Some sperm is part of coelacanths.
Some sperm is part of coneys.
Some sperm is part of congers.
Some sperm is part of fish.
Some sperm is part of flounder.
Some sperm is part of frogfishs.
Some sperm is part of gars.
Some sperm is part of gobies.
Some sperm is part of goldfishes.
Some sperm is part of guppies.
Some sperm is part of hammerheads.
Some sperm is part of hinds.
Some sperm is part of largemouths.
Some sperm is part of lungfishes.
Some sperm is part of mollies.
Some sperm is part of mosquitofishs.
Some sperm is part of mullets.
Some sperm is part of perches.
Some sperm is part of plaices.
Some sperm is part of rays.
Some sperm is part of remoras.
Some sperm is part of salmon.
Some sperm is part of semen.
Some sperm is part of sharks.
Some sperm is part of smallmouths.
Some sperm is part of snooks.
Some sperm is part of sticklebacks.
Some sperm is part of stingrays.
Some sperm is part of stonefishs.
Some sperm is part of triggerfish.
Some sperm remain in a man's system after the operation.
A spermaceti is wax
Spermaceti is a mixture of various fatty acids and derivatives of the acids.
Spermaceti is a solid waxy substance taken from the head of the sperm whale.
Spermaceti is a waxy solid derived from the oil of whales, particularly sperm whales.
A spermatid is a gamete
Spermatid isa gamete.
Spermatids are formed from secondary spermatocytes as a result of second meiotic division.
Spermatids are gametes.
Spermatids are present surrounding the lumina.
Spermatids become spermatozoa.
Spermatids differentiate and develop into sperm.
Spermatids have (part) cell membranes.
Spermatids have (part) chromatin.
Spermatids have (part) chromosomes.
Spermatids have (part) corpi.
Spermatids have (part) cytoplasm.
Spermatids have (part) cytoskeletons.
Spermatids have (part) lobes.
Spermatids have (part) nuclei.
Spermatids have (part) plasma membranes.
Spermatids have (part) sections.
Spermatids have (part) vacuoles.
Spermatids show nuclei smaller than the spermatocytes.
Spermatids undergo extensive changes in cell shape and organization in differentiating into sperm.
A spermatocele is a swelling
Spermatoceles are common and increase with frequency with age.
A spermatocyte is a gametocyte
Spermatocyte isa cell.
Spermatocytes are a type of male gametocyte in animals.
Spermatocytes are larger than spermatogonia, and in the early stage present synaptonemal complex.
Spermatocytes have (part) cell membranes.
Spermatocytes have (part) chromatin.
Spermatocytes have (part) chromosomes.
Spermatocytes have (part) corpi.
Spermatocytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Spermatocytes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Spermatocytes have (part) lobes.
Spermatocytes have (part) nuclei.
Spermatocytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Spermatocytes have (part) sections.
Spermatocytes have (part) vacuoles.
Spermatocytes undergo meiosis to produce spermatids that mature to become sperm cells.
A spermatogenesis is gametogenesis
Spermatogenesis continues after birth.
Spermatogenesis continues for the whole lifespan of wingless males.
Spermatogenesis continues in autumn and winter.
Spermatogenesis creates four sperm of equal size.
Spermatogenesis creates functional sperm from an initially undifferentiated germ cell.
Spermatogenesis involves both mitosis and meiosis.
Spermatogenesis is a complicated process dependent upon several factors.
Spermatogenesis is a continuous and prolific process in the adult male.
Spermatogenesis is similar in hermaphrodites and males, but there are some significant differences.
Spermatogenesis is the process of producing sperm cells.
Spermatogenesis is the process of sperm cell development.
Spermatogenesis is the process of sperm production.
Spermatogenesis is the production of mature sperm cells from spermatogonia.
Spermatogenesis isa gametogenesis.
Spermatogenesis occurs here bb.
Spermatogenesis occurs in an area of the testes called the seminiferous tubules.
Spermatogenesis occurs in medullary sex cords known as seminiferous tubules.
Spermatogenesis occurs in seminiferous tubules.
Spermatogenesis occurs in the a. interstitial cells.
Spermatogenesis occurs in the prostate gland.
Spermatogenesis occurs in the seminiferous tubule resulting in the production of sperm.
Spermatogenesis produces four haploid spermatids from the precursor cell.
Spermatogenesis produces mature sperm from spermatogonia in an uninterrupted sequence.
Spermatogenesis produces numerous small gametes and oogenesis produces one large gamete.
Spermatogenesis requires optimal environmental conditions.
Spermatogenesises are gametogenesis.
Spermatogenesises occur in seminiferous tubules.
Spermatogenesises occur in testes.
Spermatogenesises occur in tubules.
Spermatogenesis usually occurs among groups of cells.
Most spermatogenesises occur in seminiferous tubules.
Most spermatogenesises occur in testes.
Most spermatogenesises occur in tubules.
Some spermatogenesises involve mitosis.
Some spermatogenesises occur at body temperature.
Some spermatogenesises occur at optimal temperature.
Some spermatogenesises occur at temperature.
Some spermatogenesises occur during summer.
Spermatological research deals with the improvement of poultry semen storage.
Spermatophyte isa tracheophyte.
Spermatophytes are divided into gymnosperms and angiosperms.
Spermatophytes have (part) cell membranes.
Spermatophytes have (part) cells.
Spermatophytes have (part) corpi.
Spermatophytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Spermatophytes have (part) nuclei.
Spermatophytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Spermatophytes have (part) sections.
Spermatophytes have (part) vacuoles.
Spermicidal foam offers added lubrication.
Spermicidal foams offer additional protection.
Spermicidal jelly acts as lubricant.
Spermicide contraceptives are available in foam, gel, cream, film and suppository formulations.
A spermicide is a contraceptive
Spermicides add lubrication during intercourse.
Spermicides also have the bonus of providing extra lubrication, which can be helpful.
Spermicides also kill some germs, such as gonorrhea.
Spermicides are a chemical method of contraception.
Spermicides are available in a variety of formats such as creams, jelly, or foam.
Spermicides are available without a prescription at any drugstore.
Spermicides are available without a prescription.
Spermicides are available without prescription or medical examination.
Spermicides are birth control.
Spermicides are chemical formations that kill the sperms deposited in a woman's body.
Spermicides are chemical products or substances that immobilize or kill sperm to prevent pregnancy.
Spermicides are chemicals which destroy sperm.
Spermicides are contraceptives.
Spermicides are detergents which kill and immobilize sperm.
Spermicides are easy to use and easy to carry.
Spermicides are inexpensive and available in drugstores.
Spermicides are medicine.
Spermicides are more effective when used with a condom.
Spermicides are readily available without a doctor's prescription and are easy to use.
Spermicides are relatively inexpensive and are available in almost all drug stores.
Spermicides are somewhat unreliable when used alone to prevent pregnancy.
Spermicides are usually available without a prescription or medical examination.
Spermicides are very effective if used with condoms.
Spermicides break the mucus down instead of working with it to block and kill the sperm.
Spermicides can be a little messy.
Spermicides can be messy.
Spermicides can cause rash, irritation, or a burning sensation in either partner.
Spermicides come as foams, jellies, creams, foaming tablets, or vaginal suppositories.
Spermicides come in creams, gels, foam, suppositories, and are sometimes used to coat condoms.
Spermicides come in foams, jellies, creams, sponges and contraceptive film.
Spermicides come in several different forms, including foams, creams, jellies, and suppositories.
Spermicides contain a chemical that kills sperm.
Spermicides generally come in the form of jellies, creams or foams.
Spermicides offer some protection.
Spermicides prevent pregnancy by killing sperm before they reach the uterus.
Spermicides provide some protection against STDs.
Spermicides Spermicides come in foams, jellies, creams, sponges and contraceptive film.
Spermicides tend to be a bit messy, but they offer temporary protection from unwanted pregnancy.
Spermicides used alone are the least effective birth control method.
Spermicides used with the condom add to the protection and prevention.
Most spermicides also kill viruses.
Spessard soils are on side slopes and toe slopes of ridges.
Spessartite garnets are yellow, orange or red brown.
Spey days is an informal gathering of both experienced speycasters and beginners.
Spey fishing is a traditional technique that incorporates long rods and specialized casts.
Spey fishing is the hot topic of today.
Spey flies are both beautiful and good fishing flies.
Spey rods are much longer.
Speyside scotches are know for sweetness since little peat is used.
SPH implements outreach education courses for employees of local and state health departments.
Sphagnum bogs are relatively sterile places because they are very acidic.
Sphagnum moss can contain a fungus that can effect some people.
Sphagnum moss forms a spongy mat over ponded water.
Sphagnum moss has many uses.
Sphagnum moss helps create the very conditions that allow it to thrive.
Sphagnum moss is a living carpet of colour on the bog surface.
Sphagnum moss is abundant.
Sphagnum moss is also a good substrate choice.
Sphagnum moss is an antibiotic.
Sphagnum moss is available in the form of long or short fibers, alive or dried.
Sphagnum moss is different from sphagnum peat moss.
Sphagnum moss is found in very wet soils in the floodplain.
Sphagnum moss is moss
Sphagnum moss is prevalent, making an insulating blanket.
Sphagnum moss is required for certain frog species though, like mantellas and dendrobates.
Sphagnum moss is the dominant plant in bogs and often forms a living mat across the water of a bog.
Sphagnum moss is the gray stringy stuff used in craft or floral projects.
Sphagnum moss is the living moss that grows on top of a sphagnum bog.
Sphagnum moss is the mainstay of muskeg.
Sphagnum moss is the major plant in a bog, which forms most of the bog mat.
Sphagnum moss is the most common plant in coastal bogs.
Sphagnum moss is the preferred rooting medium.
Sphagnum moss is used as soil conditioner because gametophyte cells hold water well.
Sphagnum moss is used in the floral industry to line wire baskets and make wreaths.
Sphagnum moss is used widely in the floral industry for wreaths or to line hanging baskets.
Sphagnum moss lives in bogs.
Sphagnum moss requires a constant source of suitable water.
Sphagnum moss works well for most people.
Sphagnum mosses are the dominant plants forming a thick layer of peat.
Sphagnum mosses fill the hole together with sundew, bog cotton and cross-leaved heath.
Sphagnum mosses form the major component of peat.
Sphagnum peat is a little inhibitory due to acidity.
Sphagnum peat is also a good source of organic matter.
Sphagnum peat is deficient in macronutrients as well as micronutrients.
Sphagnum peat is harvested from bogs in Canada and the northern United States.
Sphagnum peat is superior to Colorado mountain peat.
Sphagnum contributes more to peat accumulation than vascular plants.
Sphagnum creates bogs by holding water and creating acidic conditions.
Sphagnum is moss
A sphalerite is a mineral
Some sphalerite is found as massive deposits varying from coarse to fine grained.
Sphere formation centered around an enemy target can be extremely deadly.
Sphere instruments are more flexible and give a range of methods to measure a variety of materials.
Sphere instruments offer the advantage of measuring rough and very shiny surfaces well.
Sphere magnets are very unusual and hard to find.
Sphere mapping is an implementation of environment mapping .
Spheres of exchange are more often a characteristic of non-monetary societies.
Most sphere speakers are acoustic suspension speakers.
A sphere is an environment
Sphere isa artifact.
Spheres also occur in associated eudialyte and albite.
Spheres appear brighter when trapped because of light backscattered from the optical tweezers.
Spheres are among the most fundamental topological spaces, but spheres hold many mysteries.
Spheres are artifacts.
Spheres are atoms, cylinders are bonds.
Spheres are available in suspension or uncoated and dispersed on a silicon disc.
Spheres are circular, like our planet, and thus create connection as well as unity.
Spheres are cool.
Spheres are covered by membranes.
Spheres are environments.
Spheres are just circles with an angled lighting effect and some sort of highlight.
Spheres are made of atoms.
Spheres are objects.
Spheres are perfect for sports balls, world globes, planets and more.
Spheres are poured into the funnel at the top and then roll down the popsicle sticks.
Spheres are round and planes are flat.
Spheres are round shapes.
Spheres are rounds.
Spheres are surfaces.
Spheres are the smallest way of holding all the air.
Spheres are to one another in triplicate ratio of their respective diameters.
Spheres are valuable tools for healing and meditations, as well as developing intuitive abilities.
Spheres contain atoms.
Spheres describe systems with two levels of equal degeneracy.
Spheres have (part) sections.
Spheres have an additional symmetry that the rhombic dodecahedra lack.
Spheres have centers.
Spheres have diameters.
Spheres have poles.
Spheres have rotational symmetry.
Spheres have shapes.
Spheres have symmetry.
Spheres is about round objects and round thinking.
Spheres link with body, cells align and open multifaceted eye.
Spheres make full rotation.
Spheres make rotation.
Spheres move easily.
Spheres represent oil molecules, empty cells, water, and shaded surface, surfactant.
Spheres represent taxa, elongated cones represent feeding links.
Spheres represent the atoms that make up the enzyme and the substrate.
Spheres solve the following problems.
All spheres are flat-shaded, each sphere is a random color.
All spheres are free standing and move to any angle.
Every sphere has a concave inside and a convex outside.
Every sphere represents an amino acid.
Most spheres are covered by membranes.
Most spheres are made of atoms.
Most spheres contain atoms.
Most spheres have diameters.
Most spheres have poles.
Most spheres have rotational symmetry.
Most spheres have shapes.
Most spheres have symmetry.
Most spheres make full rotation.
Most spheres make rotation.
Some spheres absorb energy.
Some spheres absorb radiant energy.
Some spheres are built by members.
Some spheres are built by observatory staff members.
Some spheres are connected by hollow tubes.
Some spheres are connected by tubes.
Some spheres are predominately purple, some are mostly green, some clear.
Some spheres contain earth.
Some spheres contain spores.
Some spheres facilitate excretion.
Some spheres fill with water.
Some spheres have excess.
Some spheres look like jewels.
Some spheres pass through celestial poles.
Some spheres pass through poles.
Some spheres push liquids.
Some spheres show differences.
Some spheres show positions.
Some spheres sit on tops.
Spherial tilings demo.
Spherical aberration distorts the image.
Spherical aberration is aberration.
Spherical aberration is also present in both the analysis, and has similar magnitude.
Spherical aberration is distortion of the image, as explained in Flatness of Field.
Spherical aberration is distortion
Spherical aberration makes object images look washed out, hazy, cloudy, milky, and low in contrast.
Spherical aberration occurs when the edges of a lens refract more light than the center.
Spherical aberrations are most common in poorly made lenses.
Spherical aircraft bearings on the frame side and on the rear-end housing.
Spherical astronomy is concerned with angles.
Spherical blades leave more residue on the soil surface than conical blades.
Spherical buildings are capable to resist climat in a better way than normal houses do.
Spherical cactus is greenish white, with felted pink spines.
Some spherical capsules fill with brown spores.
Some spherical capsules fill with spores.
Spherical contact lenses Soft or hard contact lens that contain a single prescription power.
Spherical crystals scatter as much microwave energy as hexagonal or elliptical crystals.
Spherical drops give circular rings.
Spherical electrodes give equal focusing in the bend and non-bend directions.
Spherical fruit appears during rainy seasons.
Spherical fruit appears during seasons.
Most spherical fruit appears during rainy seasons.
Most spherical fruit appears during seasons.
Some spherical fruit contains nuts.
Spherical geometry consists of all the points on the surface of a sphere.
Spherical geometry has a large number of other results which are different.
Spherical geometry is geometry
Spherical geometry is geometry.
Spherical geometry is shown using stereographic projection to the plane.
Spherical geometry is similar to elliptical geometry .
Spherical geometry is used as an example below.
Spherical grain has circular pores.
Spherical grain has pores.
Spherical grain has small circular pores.
Spherical grain has small pores.
Most spherical grain has circular pores.
Most spherical grain has pores.
Most spherical grain has small circular pores.
Most spherical grain has small pores.
Spherical harmonics are complex valued functions.
Spherical harmonics are one such system of orthogonal basis functions on a curved space.
Spherical lithography is one of five critical components needed to produce spherical semiconductors.
Spherical maps can be easier to work with because they are stored as a single image.
Spherical mirrors experience spherical aberration.
Spherical mirrors have an aberration.
Spherical models fail to model the actual shape of the earth.
Spherical models work fast and are thus optimal for patient studies consisting of large materials.
Spherical panoramas are incredibly processor intensive.
Spherical panoramas behave in a more sophisticated manner.
Spherical pods explode to release the lost city's defenders.
Spherical pollen grain has circular pores.
Spherical pollen grain has pores.
Spherical pollen grain has small circular pores.
Spherical pollen grain has small pores.
Spherical samples can provide more accurate measurements.
Spherical shape has the minimum surface area.
Spherical shapes are common to electrostatic devices for a couple of reasons.
Spherical structures contain hereditary materials.
Spherical structures contain materials.
Most spherical structures contain hereditary materials.
Most spherical structures contain materials.
Some spherical structures control growth.
Spherical trigonometry is trig
Spherical trigonometry is used to present various projections and viewpoints.
Spherical vessel is made with an aluminum liner.
Spherical waves emerge behind the two slits and create an interference pattern.
A sphericity is roundness
Sphericities are roundness.
Sphericity exceeds cubicity for almost all complete bipartite graphs.
Sphericity is a quantity that measures how well a set of spheres is approximated by a single sphere.
Sphericity is calculated using three different formulas.
A spherocyte is a corpuscle
Spherocytes appear smaller than biconcave red cells and lack central pallor.
Spherocytes are osmotically fragile compared to normal RBCs.
Spherocytes are spheroid rather than biconcave disk-shaped erythrocytes.
Spheroid cores are uniform to slightly mottled, sometimes having very dark mantles.
Spheroid screens place all points an equal distance from the electron gun.
Spheroid stars have random directions, random elliptical orbits.
A spheroid is a round shape
Spheroids are roughly spherical aggregations of cells grown in the laboratory.
A sphincter muscle is a muscle
Sphincter muscles are admired also.
Sphincter muscles become overactive, causing leaks or emptying.
Sphincter muscles keep the bladder closed until it is time to urinate .
A sphincter is a muscle
Sphincter isa muscle.
Sphincters are found in many animals.
Sphincters are little muscles that open and close to let liquids and solids through.
Sphincters control anuses.
Sphincters control the aperture sizes of the oscula.
Sphincters control the passage of liquids and solids.
Sphincters have (part) cell membranes.
Sphincters have (part) corpi.
Sphincters have (part) cytoplasm.
Sphincters have (part) lobes.
Sphincters have (part) muscle cells.
Sphincters have (part) muscle fiber.
Sphincters have (part) muscle fibre.
Sphincters have (part) nuclei.
Sphincters have (part) plasma membranes.
Sphincters have (part) sections.
Sphincters have (part) vacuoles.
Sphincters play an important role in keeping the body sound and healthy.
Many sphincters are used every day in the normal course of digestion.
Most sphincters control anuses.
Sphincteral spasm causes urinary retention or constipation.
Sphingid caterpillars are medium to large in size, with stout bodies.
Sphingid larvae tend to be specific feeders, rather than generalists.
Most Sphingid larvae pupate in the soil, though some spin cocoons in leaf litter.
A sphinx moth is a moth
Sphinx moths are also famous for their ability to hover at flowers, much like hummingbirds.
Sphinx moths are also well-studied.
Sphinx moths are strong fliers with a very rapid wingbeat.
Sphinx moths are the primary pollinators of night blooming flowers.
Most sphinx moths are active at night or dusk.
A sphinx is a person
Sphinx isa statue.
Sphinxes have the body of a lion and the head of a human.
Sphinxes join the group working on the flying city.
Sphinxs are animals.
Sphinxs are insects.
Sphinxs are people.
Sphinxs are software.
Sphinxs are statues.
Sphinxs have (part) sections.
All sphinx have the head of a man and the body of a lion.
Spice blends add richness and depth to foods.
Spice drops are icky.
Spice girls get pregnant and presidents tell lies.
Spice Island is comfortable, and it has a quiet, almost diffident charm.
Some spice mixture makes up of spices.
Spice of life is very Well received, even by the more conservative groups of women.
Spice rubs are the rich cousin to that product.
A spice is a preservative
Spice allows people to reuse CSS style rules directly.
Spice alone has to be one of the best concepts of the last millenium.
Spice also has an interactive capability.
Spice also represents the finite resource oil.
Spice blow for sure.
Spice combines extensible cascading style rules with object-oriented scripting.
SpICE does a disk of the month at each chapter meeting.
Spice dyeing is quite economical and produces lovely dyes.
Spice even plays a vital role in food production .
Spice even plays a vital role in food production.
Spice experience a plus.
Spice gets ready to groove.
Spice is a mostly a rare raw material.
Spice is accepted as cash on all but the most remote planets.
Spice is added with accents of etched, low karat silver spacers and beads.
Spice is an analog circuit simulation program.
Spice is another important element.
Spice is equipped with two comfortable state rooms each with en-suite facilities.
Spice is guarded by the sand worms.
Spice is Nice.
Spice is required for interstellar travel.
Spice is the key.
Spice is the variety of life.
Spice is used to fold space- travel without moving.
Spice is wealth.
Spice is what makes space travel between planets possible.
Spice isa compound.
Spice likes to be petted too.
Spice makes short jokes nice.
Spice notes linger on the finish.
Spice offers an intimate peek into one corner of the young adolescent mind.
Spice offers services in Bengali, Hindi and English.
Spice oils like nutmeg and cinnamon increase the warm-woody notes of tea tree.
Spice oleoresins guarantee superior quality of flavour and aroma.
Spice only gives the current values for a limited number of devices.
Spice plays a similarly important role in Caribbean cooking.
Spice provides a good performance in ship drives , in research and also in alloys .
Spice provides a good performance in ship drives, in research and also in alloys.
SPICe provides a wide range of promotional and publicity materials.
Spice rack on one side and adjustable shelves inside.
Spice racks in every dining room now have an expanded selection.
Spice racks with spices available on-line.
Spice represents the treasure of mythology that is guarded by the dragon.
Spice uses the larger of the specified relative and absolute tolerance.
Spices add a bright or dark accent to a dish, or can be used as a subtle background.
Spices add a bright or dark accent to a dish, or they can be used as a subtle background.
Spices add an interesting scent to the potpourri mixture, and also act as fixatives.
Spices add flavor to salsas.
Spices add flavor.
Spices add flavoring to salsas.
Spices also loose their flavor with age.
Spices also vary seasonally.
Spices are a vital part of food preparation and are used to enhance the flavor of a dish.
Spices are an important ingredient in cooking.
Spices are aromatic seeds, fruits, bark, roots, or resins from tropical plants.
Spices are aromatic vegetable products of tropical origin used for flavoring food during cooking.
Spices are bad for such patients.
Spices are costly.
Spices are dry-roasted in certain recipes.
Spices are freshly ground as are garlic, ginger, onion and red chilli.
Spices are freshly grounded and added in many different combinations.
Spices are ground and mixed in certain definite proportions to produce curry powder.
Spices are ground and mixed instead.
Spices are hand-blended at the production plant.
Spices are in every kitchen cabinet.
Spices are inexpensive when purchased in bulk and add robust flavors to the simplest of meals.
Spices are like no other in the world.
Spices are located in cabinets.
Spices are located in cupboards.
Spices are located in pantries.
Spices are located in shelfs.
Spices are neither as subtle or as forgiving as herbs.
Spices are notorious for being expensive.
Spices are obtained from the roots of such plants as horseradish, turmeric, and sassa- fras.
Spices are okay to pack and ship.
Spices are plant materials.
Spices are preservatives.
Spices are seasoning.
Spices are shipped in easy to use, sealed plastic containers and shakers, that ensures freshness.
Spices are software.
Spices are specialty blended.
Spices are subtle, so the crab flavor stands out.
Spices are susceptible substrate for growth of mycotoxigenic fungi and mycotoxin production.
Spices are the code of civilization.
Spices are the dried aromatic roots, bark, buds, seeds, berries and other fruits of tropical plants.
Spices are the dried roots, bark, and seeds of tropical plants.
Spices are the fragrant or pungent parts of plants grown in tropical and subtropical regions.
Spices are the heart and soul of Indian cooking.
Spices are the key to most recipes.
Spices are the keynote of traditional Indian cuisine.
Spices are then mixed in it and the slices dipped in boiled but cool oil.
Spices are usually harder and damage the critical settings most coffee grinders have.
Spices are very cheap.
Spices bring some.
Spices can act unpredictably when frozen.
Spices can add wonderful scents as well such as cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves.
Spices can be ground, packed and shipped under private label.
Spices can be varied according to taste.
Spices can have effects.
Spices can mask the aftertaste of some artificial sweeteners.
Spices can transport the intrigue of a faraway place, whether it's Brazil or Bangkok, onto a plate.
Spices can vary from a few to many, but regular pickling spice mix is easy to use.
Spices cause the mouth to produce more saliva, which releases enzymes that begin to break down food.
Spices come from plants, and they get their flavor from oils in the seeds or bark.
Spices come from the seed, or bark, as is the case with cinnamon.
Spices come in various forms, and are ground to different degrees fineness.
Spices commonly used are coriander, turmeric, cumin, chilies, fennel, and fenugreek.
Spices contain essential oils, and the flavor of the oils is best released when warm.
Spices containing hepatoprotective compounds are turmeric, garlic and black pepper.
Spices contribute to bad breath.
Spices cure homesickness.
Spices enhance flavour and add aroma to food.
Spices face competition from Indonesia.
Spices flavour the food, stimulates the body and is high in antiseptic properties.
Spices give a touch of color.
Spices have benefits.
Spices have many benefits.
Spices have properties.
Spices heat the body, some cool the body, some aid digestion, others minimize discomforts.
Spices help preserve food and counter a variety of illnesses, too.
Spices kill food borne pathogens, which are more likely to occur in hot climates.
Spices lose their flavor quickly.
Spices make a real difference.
Spices provide aroma.
Spices provide fresh, super-softenable transitions AND flowing mattes for video filters.
Spices provide strong aroma.
Spices rare, a carnation petal.
Spices safeguard against foodborne pathogens.
Spices There are a lot of varieties which are used.
Spices use in food preparation.
Spices use in food.
Spices use in preparation.
Spices often do hide the taste of simples foods.
All spices ahould ultimately be according to taste.
All spices are permissible and encouraged.
All spices are reliable as according to proper Indian traditional tastes.
All spices are to taste.
All spices have medicinal values.
All spices used are natural.
Many spices compliment other spices to produce a full, well-rounded flavor.
Many spices continue to be imported into the United States.
Many spices used in cooking also have a therapeutic effect as a medicinal herb.
More spice emerges as the wine airs in the glass.
More spice is inside .
Most spices add flavor.
Most spices can have effects.
Most spices have benefits.
Most spices have many benefits.
Most spices have properties.
Most spices naturally contain sodium in very small amounts.
Most spices provide aroma.
Most spices provide strong aroma.
Most spices still add to our health.
Most spices stimulate the heart mildly as well as certain body enzymes.
Most spices use in food preparation.
Most spices use in food.
Most spices use in preparation.
Much spice travels to the spice bank in payment for reviving tokens and leaders.
Some spice cupboards enhance health.
Some spices add taste.
Some spices are anti-oxidants, and black pepper helps enhance utilization of oxygen in the brain.
Some spices are available only in whole form, including hot peppers and cinnamon.
Some spices come from cardamom plants.
Some spices come from genetic variation.
Some spices come from plants.
Some spices come from variation.
Some spices contain compounds.
Some spices contain oily compounds.
Some spices contain vegetables.
Some spices derive from flowers.
Some spices fight infection.
Some spices fight yeast infection.
Some spices have effects.
Some spices have life.
Some spices have shelf life.
Some spices help in digestion.
Some spices last longer than others.
Some spices use in production.
Spiced cider is always a great, non-fat choice.
Spiced jam is excellent.
Spiced rums have other flavorings added such as cinnamon and cloves.
Spiced sugar is used in hot or cold tea, coffee or chocolate.
Spiced wines are great, warmed up, on cold autumn evenings.
Spiculated lesions are star-shaped distortions in breast tissue that almost always indicate cancer.
A spicule is an appendage
Spicule head about twice as long as wide, subangular and offset from the lamina.
Spicule isa body part.
Spicules appear to be the same, but are hot areas in the chromosphere.
Spicules are bone-like structures found in the Hydra.
Spicules are evident in the body's wall.
Spicules are highly varied, and to some extent, are distinct for each species of sponge.
Spicules are made of calcium carbonate and silica, or the organic substance spongin.
Spicules are needles of hard material, typically Calcium carbonate, or silica and collagen.
Spicules are processes.
Spicules are secreted by scleroblasts, which are a sub-class of amoebocyte.
Spicules are silicate or calcium carbonate structures, which support the soft tissues of sponges.
Spicules are small, jet-like eruptions seen throughout the chromospheric network.
Spicules are the result of small storms in the chromosphere.
Spicules are tiny teeth that protrude from the saddle.
Spicules are used to guide sperm to the female's genital pore.
Spicules can be calcareous, siliceous or made of spongin fibers.
Spicules extend the chromosphere into the corona as pointed waves.
Spicules glide along gubernaculum in two grooves separated by a needle-shaped cuneus.
Spicules have (part) corpi.
Spicules occur at the edges of the chromospheric network, where magnetic fields are stronger.
Spicules occur in the body cavity and resemble calipers.
Spicules usually occur in pairs that are even length or uneven and some species have only one.
Many spicules are cemented together.
Most spicules have four axes.
Spicy aroma is warming and energizing.
Spicy aromas fill the air at every turn in the heart of Old Istanbul.
Spicy aromas fill the air.
Spicy curries contrast with soup or a vegetable dish.
Spicy dishes are great with crisp, fruity German rieslings.
Spicy dishes flirt with peppers such as poblano, serrano, chipotle, banana, and jalapeno.
Spicy females are always welcome.
Spicy flavors abound, including cinnamon.
Spicy flowers are edible.
Spicy food has effects.
Spicy food has odor.
Spicy food has strong odor.
Spicy food is too strong for cats.
Spicy foods are all star-marked on the menu as hot and spicy.
Spicy foods are also a very big problem.
Spicy foods are more yang while light foods such as soups are yin.
Spicy foods are rare.
Spicy foods can induce urticaria.
Spicy foods can irritate the cracks and cause extreme pain.
Spicy foods cause ulcers.
Spicy foods increase the consumption of fluids.
Spicy foods open new markets for hot pepper.
Spicy foods open new markets for hot peppers.
Spicy foods prevail in the western mountain regions of Szechuan and Hunan.
Spicy foods work just like a natural decongestant but without side effects.
Most spicy food has effects.
Most spicy food has odor.
Most spicy food has strong odor.
Some spicy food helps metabolism.
Spicy fragrance is warming and sensual.
Spicy hibiscus can serve as a pretty cup for sorbet.
Spicy marinades take less time to impart their flavors than do more subtly seasoned ones.
Spicy mustard is for dipping.
Spicy oak adds to the complexity with some cellar worthy tannins.
Spicy oak dominates black-cherry fruit aromas.
Spicy oak dominates simple black fruit in the aroma.
Spicy oak overwhelms black fruit on the nose.
Spicy oak seems dominant over berry fruit.
Spicy oak takes the lead in the aroma, with blackberry fruit running a distant second.
Spicy organ accompanies the medium rock rhythm.
Spicy peppers contain a substance called capsaicin .
Spicy pickles are very important item in Indian meal.
Spicy Sarongs Take a gander at our new sarongs.
Spicy Sarongs Take a look at our new sarong, or pareau, selections.
Spicy scents waft from the kitchen.
Spicy spider is a maki sushi filled with crab.
Spicy vinegar is good in vegetable or bean salad dressings.
Spicy wine adds interest to the pears.
Spider anatomy allows for locomotive adaptations.
Spider angiomas are common in alcoholics.
Spider beetles are scavengers both in the adult and in the white, fleshy, grub-like larval stage.
Spider beetles can potentially infest a wide variety of animal or vegetable products.
Many spider beetles are nocturnal, wandering about in search of food.
Most spider beetles have two or three generations per year.
Spider behavior refers to the range of behaviors and activities performed by spiders.
Spider bite is extremely painful.
Spider bites are difficult to diagnose, even by physicians.
Spider bites are more frequent in males than in females.
Spider bites are most serious when the victim is very young or aged.
Spider bites are physical events.
All spider bites are venomous to some degree.
Any spider bite can easily become infected with bacteria.
Many spider bites are 'blank', which means that no venom has been injected.
Most spider bites are less painful than a bee sting.
Most spider bites occur at night when a spider passes over a sleeping victim.
Most spider bites occur without the victim being aware that it is happening.
Some spider bites are very dangerous and painful.
A spider crab is a crab
Spider crab speaks slowly to a soft coral.
Spider crabs are crabs.
Spider crabs are experts in camouflage.
Spider crabs are harmless, lethargic creatures that eat sea worms, dead fish, detritis and algae.
Spider crabs are known for having long, spindly legs.
Spider crabs are tolerant of polluted waters and eutrophic, or low-oxygen, environments.
Spider crabs come inshore to breed as well.
Spider crabs feature spines.
Spider crabs get their name from their likeness to a spider.
Spider Lake is an ideal family picnic destination.
Spider lake is lower in elevation then loon.
Spider lilies bloom for a short time in the woodland edge in early fall.
Spider man is a red hooded shirt with blue pants.
A spider mite is a mite
Spider mite is especially troublesume during the hot summer months.
Spider mites are a chronic and damaging pest of nurserystock and landscape in California.
Spider mites are a common problem.
Spider mites are a problem during prolonged periods of warm, dry weather.
Spider mites are a problem in dry sites.
Spider mites are a serious pest of field corn in Colorado.
Spider mites are also a problem with eggplant, especially in hot, dry weather.
Spider mites are also important pests of field-grown roses.
Spider mites are also problematic.
Spider mites are another garden scourge.
Spider mites are another spotty problem.
Spider mites are apt to thrive in warm, dry houses.
Spider mites are arachnids.
Spider mites are common and also cause foliar distortion.
Spider mites are common cannabis pests, especially when growing in soil.
Spider mites are common pest problems on many plants around yards and Gardens in Colorado.
Spider mites are common pest problems on many plants around yards and gardens in North America.
Spider mites are common plant pests.
Spider mites are despised by growers.
Spider mites are difficult to control, and thrive during hot, dry weather.
Spider mites are evident in some soybean fields at low levels.
Spider mites are evident in some soybean fields, and are causing some puckering of growth.
Spider mites are extremely small but can cause much damage.
Spider mites are extremely small pests that are related to spiders and ticks.
Spider mites are extremely small.
Spider mites are generalists that feed on a large number of landscape woody and herbaceous plants.
Spider mites are generally a problem only in hot, dry seasons.
Spider mites are generally under control and are beginning to enter diapause in some crops.
Spider mites are hard to eradicate.
Spider mites are important pests of a number of our ornamentals.
Spider mites are leaf suckers, that penetrate the outer cell layers on branch tips and leaf axils.
Spider mites are mainly a problem in hot dry climates.
Spider mites are miniscule but very destructive.
Spider mites are mites.
Spider mites are most active in hot, dry weather.
Spider mites are most damaging during hot dry weather.
Spider mites are notorious for building immunity to chemical controls.
Spider mites are small and often difficult to see with the unaided eye.
Spider mites are small animals more closely related to chiggers, ticks, and spiders than to insects.
Spider mites are small enough that often they are undetected until they've already done some damage.
Spider mites are small, often difficult to see without a hand lens.
Spider mites are small.
Spider mites are so small they can cause much foliage discoloration before being detected.
Spider mites are still a problem in many fields.
Spider mites are still a problem, but in lesser amounts.
Spider mites are susceptible to soaps and oils.
Spider mites are the bane of growers everywhere.
Spider mites are the least detectable pest.
Spider mites are the major pest of pole beans.
Spider mites are the major pest.
Spider mites are the most common mite pest in the garden.
Spider mites are the most common mites attacking woody plants.
Spider mites are the most common pest, followed by whitefly.
Spider mites are the worst for indoor plants.
Spider mites are tiny and difficult to see with the naked eye on the plant.
Spider mites are tiny and difficult to see with the naked eye.
Spider mites are tiny insects that build up webbing around the stems and veins of the leaves.
Spider mites are tiny relatives of insects usually only visible with a hand lens.
Spider mites are tiny sucking bugs that feed on plant tissue fluid.
Spider mites are true mites that feed on plants and produce webbing around where they feed .
Spider mites are usually more of a problem on house plants that remain indoors year round.
Spider mites are very active and some spraying has occurred .
Spider mites are very small and are frequently blown from plant to plant.
Spider mites are very tiny and extremely difficult to see.
Spider mites are worst in the driest conditions.
Spider mites attack the plants when weather is hot and dry.
Spider mites begin infesting evergreens now.
Spider mites can also attack ivy.
Spider mites can also become a problem on indoor plants.
Spider mites can be a problem during hot weather.
Spider mites can be a problem in hot, dry weather.
Spider mites can be a problem in the deep South.
Spider mites can be a problem, especially in hot, dry conditions.
Spider mites can be a serious problem on corn, particularly silage and sweet corn.
Spider mites can be an especially tricky pest in the grow room.
Spider mites can be deadly to houseplants.
Spider mites can be problem in summer after hot dry weather.
Spider mites can be serious corn pests in Colorado, especially during hot, dry years.
Spider mites can become a nasty pest in greenhouses, patios and plant rooms during the late summer.
Spider mites can build up to damaging numbers.
Spider mites can cause plants to lose their green color and appear dusty or speckled.
Spider mites can cause yield reductions as long as green pods are present.
Spider mites can devastate marigolds in hot, dry weather.
Spider mites can give plants a hazy, brown cast.
Spider mites cause an autumn like yellowing of the leaves.
Spider mites cause older needles to lose green coloration and become yellowed.
Spider mites cause yellowing or stippling but are very difficult to see.
Spider mites continue to be a problem in soybeans .
Spider mites continue to be busy, particularly if plants are located under eaves.
Spider mites continue to build populations on spruce and fir at many locations.
Spider mites continue to populate many soybean leaves, although fungus has reduced the population.
Spider mites do better in some environments than others.
Spider mites do infest some varieties.
Spider mites feed externally on the foliage of nearly all vegetables, flowers, trees and shrubs.
Spider mites feed on crop weeds.
Spider mites feed on foliage.
Spider mites feed on plants.
Spider mites feed on weeds.
Spider mites flourish on plants under stress.
Spider mites have a rapid life cycle under ideal environmental conditions.
Spider mites have a slight preference for plants that are already infested with conspecifics.
Spider mites have an incredibly large number of natural predators.
Spider mites leave a yellow, stippled-effect on the leaves, like tiny yellow spots.
Spider mites move more and feed less if a predatory mite is near.
Spider mites prefer conditions.
Spider mites prefer dry conditions.
Spider mites prefer dry conditions.
Spider mites produce webbing that is often filled with cast skins, dust, and other debris.
Spider mites produce webs on the leaves to hide and feed under.
Spider mites remain a minor concern.
Spider mites reproduce rapidly during hot, dry weather.
Spider mites reproduce rapidly in hot, dry weather.
Spider mites resemble tiny spiders, no larger than a pin head.
Spider mites show up when the plant is very dry.
Spider mites suck out plant juices.
Spider mites tend to favor warm, dry weather.
Spider mites thrive in conditions.
Spider mites thrive in dry conditions.
Spider mites use their mouthparts to pierce plant cells and suck out the contents.
All spider mites are pests of cultivated plants, particularly under dry and warm conditions.
All spider mites are soft-bodied, small and very slow moving.
All spider mites go through the same stages of development.
All spider mites have eight legs and a lack of a separate head.
Many spider mites are tiny red mites which are difficult to see without a magnifying glass.
Many spider mites produce webbing, particularly when they occur in high populations.
Most spider mites are greenish-white to yellow in color, although some can be orange or reddish.
Most spider mites are too tiny to be seen without the aid of a magnifying glass.
Most spider mites feed on crop weeds.
Most spider mites feed on foliage.
Most spider mites feed on plants.
Most spider mites feed on weeds.
Most spider mites have the ability to produce a fine silk webbing.
Most spider mites prefer dry conditions.
Most spider mites thrive in conditions.
Most spider mites thrive in dry conditions.
Some spider mites are more resistant to some methods than others.
Some spider mites belong to families.
Some spider mites have predators.
Some spider mites kill plants.
A spider monkey is a monkey
Spider monkeys adapt to change environmental conditions.
Spider monkeys adapt to conditions.
Spider monkeys adapt to environmental conditions.
Spider monkeys are adept to walk on two legs across the tree top.
Spider monkeys are dietary specialists in that the great majority of their food is ripe fruits.
Spider monkeys are diurnal and spend the night sleeping in carefully selected trees.
Spider monkeys are diurnal, and therefore are awake during the day and asleep at night.
Spider monkeys are extremely quick , and they have long , thin fingers with almost no hair at all .
Spider monkeys are extremely quick, and they have long, thin fingers with almost no hair at all.
Spider monkeys are found in many aspects of the Mesoamerican cultures.
Spider monkeys are found in rainforests in southern Mexico to the northern part of South America .
Spider monkeys are found in rainforests in southern Mexico to the northern part of South America.
Spider monkeys are frivolous and mischievous.
Spider monkeys are mammals.
Spider monkeys are monkeys.
Spider monkeys are omnivores they eat fruit, veggies, and occationally invertebrates.
Spider monkeys are primates.
Spider monkeys are referred to as the most accomplished acrobats of the forest.
Spider monkeys are second in agility only to the gibbons of Asia.
Spider monkeys are small primates that spend their days high in the tops of trees.
Spider monkeys are the most acrobatic.
Spider monkeys are very economical eaters.
Spider monkeys breed all year round.
Spider monkeys can dangle their entire body weight from their tail alone.
Spider monkeys can hold food with their tail.
Spider monkeys eat fruit , nuts , leaves , and small vertebrate 's eggs .
Spider monkeys eat fruit, nuts, leaves, and small vertebrate's eggs.
Spider monkeys eat fruit.
Spider monkeys eat nuts and fruits that grow on large trees.
Spider monkeys eat ripe fruit.
Spider monkeys eat while hanging, climbing or moving.
Spider monkeys eat while hanging, climbing, or moving.
Spider monkeys exhibit variation.
Spider monkeys feed on fruit.
Spider monkeys find food in the treetops and feast on nuts, fruits, leaves, bird eggs, and spiders.
Spider monkeys find food.
Spider monkeys gather food.
Spider monkeys get their name because of their long arms, legs and tail.
Spider monkeys give birth at any time of the year.
Spider monkeys have an unusual social structure.
Spider monkeys have arms.
Spider monkeys have flexible arms.
Spider monkeys have heads.
Spider monkeys have no thumbs or it is reduced to a nub.
Spider monkeys have no thumbs, so their grasping is done with four fingers.
Spider monkeys have one offspring per year .
Spider monkeys have one offspring per year.
Spider monkeys have reproduction.
Spider monkeys have sexual reproduction.
Spider monkeys have slender, dark-haired bodies and long arms.
Spider monkeys have very good vision and flexible tails.
Spider monkeys inhabit rain forest regions.
Spider monkeys inhabit regions.
Spider monkeys inhabit tropical rain forest regions.
Spider monkeys inhabit tropical regions.
Spider monkeys laugh.
Spider monkeys lead life.
Spider monkeys live in rainforests.
Spider monkeys live in societies.
Spider monkeys live in tropical rainforests.
Spider monkeys move around by swinging from a tree branch to another tree branch.
Spider monkeys move swiftly through trees and use their tails as a fifth arm or leg.
Spider monkeys prefer fruit.
Spider monkeys reach maturity.
Spider monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Spider monkeys resemble chimpanzees in depending heavily on ripe fruit.
Spider monkeys rustling trees, Parrots swoop about.
Spider monkeys spend most of their time in the forest canopy.
Spider monkeys swing through trees and grasp limbs with their tails.
Spider monkeys use hands.
Spider monkeys use limbs.
Spider monkeys use long limbs.
Spider monkeys use specific routes as they travel through the trees.
Spider monkeys use tails.
Spider monkeys use their long limbs to pick their favorite food, fruits.
Spider monkeys use their tail just as they use their hands.
Spider monkeys use their tails and hooked hands to move through the trees.
Spider monkeys use their tails as a fifth limb to swing through the branches.
Spider monkeys use their tails to cling to trees while they forage for food with both their hands.
Spider monkeys weigh pounds.
All spider monkeys are extremely specialized for a highly mobile arboreal lifestyle.
Most spider monkeys adapt to change environmental conditions.
Most spider monkeys adapt to conditions.
Most spider monkeys adapt to environmental conditions.
Most spider monkeys eat fruit.
Most spider monkeys eat ripe fruit.
Most spider monkeys feed on fruit.
Most spider monkeys find food.
Most spider monkeys gather food.
Most spider monkeys have arms.
Most spider monkeys have flexible arms.
Most spider monkeys have heads.
Most spider monkeys have reproduction.
Most spider monkeys have sexual reproduction.
Most spider monkeys inhabit rain forest regions.
Most spider monkeys inhabit tropical rain forest regions.
Most spider monkeys inhabit tropical regions.
Most spider monkeys lead life.
Most spider monkeys live in rainforests.
Most spider monkeys live in societies.
Most spider monkeys live in tropical rainforests.
Most spider monkeys prefer fruit.
Most spider monkeys reach maturity.
Most spider monkeys reach sexual maturity.
Most spider monkeys use hands.
Most spider monkeys use limbs.
Most spider monkeys use long limbs.
Most spider monkeys weigh pounds.
Some spider monkeys eat leaves.
Some spider monkeys eat nuts.
Some spider monkeys escape from zoos.
Some spider monkeys have ranges.
Some spider monkeys live in canopy layers.
Some spider monkeys live in layers.
Some spider monkeys play roles.
Some spider monkeys remain ancestors.
Some spider monkeys seek out sources.
A spider plant is a cleome
Spider plants absorb formaldehyde, which is released from insulation, carpeting and plywood.
Spider plants are a good idea to have for the stuffy interior of dorm life.
Spider plants are easy to care for.
Spider plants are easy to grow and also very easy to propagate, or reproduce.
Spider plants are easy to grow, being able to thrive in a wide range of conditions.
Spider plants are in the lily family, related to day lilies, which have edible tuberous roots.
Spider plants are sensitive to the chemicals in tap water.
Spider plants are very easy to propagate.
Spider plants can live many many years.
Spider plants can reproduce by seeds, by dividing the plants or by potting up the plantlets.
Spider plants come in a number of varieties, and work well as hanging plants.
Spider plants come in solid green or variegated varieties.
Spider plants form thick, fleshy tuberous roots.
Spider plants grow in pots.
Spider plants grow to height.
Spider plants have plantlets.
Spider plants have roots that store lots of water.
Spider plants have stolons.
Spider plants prefer bright light, and tend toward scorching in direct sunlight.
Spider plants prefer bright, indirect light.
Spider plants produce flowers.
Spider plants produce most of their offshoots when the days shorten in the fall.
Spider plants produce plantlets at the end of runners.
Spider plants produce plants.
Spider plants remove formaldehyde and other pollutants from the air.
Spider plants thrive on high, indirect sunlight.
Most spider plants grow in pots.
Most spider plants grow to height.
Most spider plants have stolons.
Most spider plants produce flowers.
Most spider plants produce plants.
Some spider plants have color.
Some spider plants have green color.
Spider veins are a type of varicose vein that occurs on the legs.
Spider veins are blue, red, or purplish in color with a web-like or linear appearance.
Spider veins are different from varicose veins.
Spider veins are found closer to the skin's surface and are often red or blue.
Spider veins are harmless.
Spider veins are just a collection of abnormally dilated capillaries, or very small blood vessels.
Spider veins are more common in women and become more numerous with age.
Spider veins are more common in women.
Spider veins are most common in the thighs, ankles, and feet.
Spider veins are networks of tiny capillaries that look like spiders' legs.
Spider veins are red, but larger ones look bluish-purplish.
Spider veins are similar to varicose veins, but they're smaller.
Spider veins are small red, blue or purple veins on the surface of the skin.
Spider veins are smaller, but also appear on the skin's surface.
Spider veins are superficial telangiectasias, tiny vessels that are red, blue or purple in color.
Spider veins are the smaller, threadlike clusters of veins very close to the skin.
Spider veins are the thread-like colored veins most often seen on the surface of the skin.
Spider veins are thin, reddish-purple veins, which are visible on the legs.
Spider veins are tiny, dilated blood vessels seen in the skin usually on the face and legs.
Spider veins are wavy, thin, reddish-purple veins that are visible on the legs.
Spider veins get their name from the spider web like pattern they form.
Spider venom causes damage.
Spider venom causes reactions that differ from spider to spider and person to person.
Spider venoms contain a multitude of toxins that target membrane receptors and ion channels.
Most spider venom causes damage.
Most spider venom paralyzes the prey.
Some spider venoms are more potent than rattlesnake venom.
Some spider venoms are more powerful than others.
Spider web is located in attics.
Spider web is located in basements.
Spider web is located in corners.
Spider web is located in front doors.
Spider web is web.
Spider webs are a great place to look for clues.
Spider webs cover the window.
Spider webs lace the trails.
Spider webs play a crucial role in the children's novel Charlotte's Web .
Spider webs stream down from branches of a tree.
Most spider webs are very thin , but are also very strong .
Most spider webs are very thin, but are also very strong.
A spider is an arachnoid
Spider allocates a team of engineers to the project, and the work commences.
Spider appears in the given position.
Spider based searches tend to have the best general coverage.
Spider Ca on is a member of The Ring of Fire , a linked list of chilehead websites.
Spider Ca on is a simple red chili powder with traditional Southwest flavor.
Spider ceaselessly weaves the web of life.
Spider climbs down a thread, then walks away.
Spider connects the past with the future, creating possibilities.
Spider contains built-in controls to help ensure the accuracy of changes to project data.
Spider contains no violence on stage, but there is reported violence which has occurred off-stage.
Spider does a lot for the radio station and for the students around campus.
Spider enables a browser to access the time-entry functions.
Spider enables our customers to take full advantage of the Web as a business environment.
Spider flexibly chooses aggressive mimicry signals for different prey by trial and error.
Spider has puzzles and activities, plus one-page short stories and recipes.
Spider has two motors for driving the legs.
Spider includes stories, poems, games, and letters from other readers.
Spider installs the ability for secure credit card transactions.
Spider is a complex crater in Western Australia.
Spider is a full-color magazine for independent young learners.
Spider is a humble man.
Spider is a soft shell crab delicacy.
Spider is a two-deck solitaire game.
Spider is a very adictive solitaire card game.
Spider is an all around man.
Spider is an example of a minor character, who demanded more play on the page.
Spider is another medicine that varies greatly from tribe to tribe.
Spider is closest to bristle board to attract steel tip players.
Spider is free to look at objects.
Spider is good at everything.
Spider is in back, behind the bar.
Spider is known in many cultures as the weaver of language, and of the world.
Spider is really awesome.
Spider is the clever and mischievous character in African folklore.
Spider is the guardian of the ancient languages and alphabets.
Spider is truly 'The Man Behind The Music'.
Spider isa arthropod.
Spider jeely fish fly leach etc.
Spider lily likes sun.
Spider mites a concern in peanut fields.
Spider mites a problem in hot, dry weather.
Spider mites a problem in low humidity areas.
Spider mites a problem.
Spider mites and stink bugs causing problems.
Spider mites and stink bugs on the rise and causing damage.
Spider mites cause discoloration and speckling of holly foliage.
Spider mites cause green leaf color to take on a stippled appearance.
Spider mites devour plants with wild abandon and are closely related to spiders.
Spider mites disperse by crawling and by airborne movement.
Spider mites feed and reproduce on the underside of leaves.
Spider mites feed on a wide range of ornamental plants.
Spider mites feed on plant sap and prefer to live on the leaf underside.
Spider mites feed on plants.
Spider mites feed on the foliage leaving it looking rough and speckled.
Spider mites feed on the foliage of host plants, sucking the sap.
Spider mites feed on the leaves of strawberries and ornamentals.
Spider mites feed on the plant juices, resulting in leaves appearing puckered and sandblasted.
Spider mites feed on the underside of leaves by sucking plant sap.
Spider mites feed with piercing mouth parts, which cause plants to appear yellow and stippled.
Spider mites frequently attack severely during dry years.
Spider mites in dry areas, leaf spotting.
Spider mites in dry locations.
Spider mites in dry sites and dry years.
Spider mites in very hot and dry periods.
Spider mites infest pansies stressed by hot, dry conditions.
Spider mites lack chewing or piercing-sucking mouthparts.
Spider mites like a hot, sunny area, the same as pyracanthas.
Spider mites like dry, hot conditions.
Spider mites like hot, dry weather.
Spider mites like the heat and hate a windy environment.
Spider mites live and feed on a wide variety of plants grown in Nevada gardens.
Spider mites love heat and stagnant, non-moving air.
Spider mites mature in the spring time in as little as one week.
Spider mites on conifers and broad-leaved evergreens are cool weather pests.
Spider mites on conifers and broadleaved evergreens are cool weather pests.
Spider mites on honeylocust, linden, elm, willow, and oak are destructive in the summer.
Spider mites on ornamentals.
Spider mites only survive because of their sheer numbers.
Spider mites overwinter as adults in fencerows and woodlots.
Spider mites peak in the summer months and flourish in the heat.
Spider mites puncture cells and extract plant juices mainly on the lower surface.
Spider mites puncture plant tissue with piercing mouthparts to feed on plant juices.
Spider mites spin fine strands of webbing on the host plant - hence their name.
Spider mites spin fine strands of webbing on the host plant- hence their name.
Spider mites suck plant juices with their piercing-sucking mouthparts.
Spider mites sw.
Spider mites -The leaves are speckled with tiny, pale dots.
Spider mites thrive in hot and dry conditions.
Spider mites thrive in hot, dry weather.
Spider mites thrive under warm and dry conditions.
Spider mites thrive when it's hot and dusty.
Spider mites, in particular, are the biggest problem to the indoor or hydroponic grower.
Spider mites, on the other hand, are much harder to spot because they are so tiny.
Spider offers bug control.
Spider offers to supply food and booze for it.
Spider produce webs but do so to catch prey.
Spider resides on the server and can be downloaded upon demand to the user's computer.
Spider takes one step forward in the direction it is facing.
Spider teaches that through polarity and balance creativity is stimulated.
Spider uses other organs.
Spider uses ten tableau piles and the hand , and nothing else.
Spider vaults over a fence to freedom, escaping the football team.
Spider veins and varicose veins are different forms of the same thing.
Spider veins can be a sign of more severe leg vein disease.
Spider veins can cause burning, itching, and a feeling of heaviness in the legs.
Spider veins typically appear on the legs.
Spider veins usually take on one of three basic patterns.
Spider veins vary in size and often look like a spider's web.
Spider veins, for instance, are actually small capillaries commonly found on the face or legs.
Spiders also bear a set of special abdominal limbs that they use to spin silk.
Spiders also catch other insects, like mosquitos and flies.
Spiders also clean themselves sporadically whilst feeding.
Spiders also crush thier prey with their chelicerae.
Spiders also eat flies and mosquitoes which carry diseases.
Spiders also eat many insects that bother humans, such as mosquitoes and cockroaches.
Spiders also follow the links on each web site to find linked sites to visit.
Spiders also have extra tools called spinnerets.
Spiders also have in the joints of their limbs sensors that detect forces and vibrations.
Spiders also have natural enemies such as wasps, birds and reptiles.
Spiders also lack wings and antennae.
Spiders also make draglines out of the same sticky, liquid silk.
Spiders also prey on numerous insect pests.
Spiders also produce venom they inject through fangs to quickly kill and digest prey.
Spiders also seem to like nesting in the bunchs of fruit.
Spiders also spend a lot of time grooming their legs.
Spiders also use their silk as parachutes and to shelter themselves and their young.
Spiders ambush prey.
Spiders apprehend their prey in a variety of ways.
Spiders are a common part of their diet.
Spiders are a lineage of predominantly aggressive and distinctly territorial hermits.
Spiders are a new idea in investing that has proven immensely popular.
Spiders are actually more closely related to lobsters.
Spiders are also arachnids.
Spiders are also common inhabitants of old cocoons.
Spiders are also know to feed upon the young nymphs.
Spiders are also very effective in controlling household insects.
Spiders are always a great concern when they are found inhabiting in the same place as people.
Spiders are amazing creatures.
Spiders are among the first to arrive due to their amazing abilities at dispersal and colonization.
Spiders are among the main predators of any land community, and they are very numerous.
Spiders are an important and fascinating part of our natural environment.
Spiders are animals.
Spiders are arachnids, a group which includes all mites.
Spiders are arachnids.
Spiders are arachnids.
Spiders are arthopods, members of the class Arachnida.
Spiders are arthropod relatives of insects.
Spiders are arthropods.
Spiders are arthropods.
Spiders are beneficial because they eat many insects that themselves can be harmful to our gardens.
Spiders are beneficial creatures.
Spiders are beneficial, and non-chemical recommendations are generally sufficient.
Spiders are bigger here than at home.
Spiders are black.
Spiders are brilliant engineers.
Spiders are bugs.
Spiders are but one example of species with more primitive reproductive organs.
Spiders are cannibalistic.
Spiders are capable of detecting chemical cues produced by insect prey .
Spiders are capable of producing tremendous amounts of silk during their lifetimes.
Spiders are carnivorous.
Spiders are chelicerates and therefore arthropods .
Spiders are classified as invertebrates.
Spiders are common, but few people stop to observe their beauty or watch their behavior.
Spiders are commonly mistaken for insects.
Spiders are cool.
Spiders are creepy creatures.
Spiders are creepy in that they usually appear so subtly.
Spiders are desirable in the garden.
Spiders are different from insects, spiders have eight legs and insect only have six legs.
Spiders are different from insects.
Spiders are easily cultured in the lab and studied in the field.
Spiders are endemic to every continent except Antarctica.
Spiders are exclusively carnivorous, seizing only live prey.
Spiders are extremely important in keeping insect populations under control.
Spiders are fanglike to penetrate prey, inject poison.
Spiders are found all over the world, from the tropics to the Arctic.
Spiders are general predators that feed on small insects and other arthropods.
Spiders are generally carnivorous and feed only on living prey.
Spiders are generally shy and try to avoid contact with humans, and for good reason.
Spiders are good guys.
Spiders are great for misdirecting enemy catapult fire as well.
Spiders are helpful to people because they eat harmful insects.
Spiders are icky.
Spiders are important biological control agents of animal and plant pests.
Spiders are important in controlling insect pests in most agricultural crops.
Spiders are in a different Order than mites.
Spiders are in the news again.
Spiders are indeed curious critters.
Spiders are insectivores, sure, but many also have a taste for plants.
Spiders are insects.
Spiders are inside web.
Spiders are just a cutesy name for a specialized program that compiles index information.
Spiders are located in basements.
Spiders are located in cellars.
Spiders are located in closets.
Spiders are located in cupboards.
Spiders are located in floors.
Spiders are located in garages.
Spiders are located in mail boxs.
Spiders are located in meadows.
Spiders are located in web.
Spiders are lucky to have in the garden.
Spiders are major predators of insects, including many insects that are pests to humans.
Spiders are mean.
Spiders are members of the large arthropod group called arachnids .
Spiders are most visible and cause the most concern in the fall, when they often move into homes.
Spiders are mostly solitary.
Spiders are none too common.
Spiders are now the rage of Hollywood.
Spiders are numerous and live worldwide.
Spiders are numerous and occur worldwide.
Spiders are of separate sexes.
Spiders are often confused with insects, but spiders have two body regions and eight legs.
Spiders are often extremely abundant in terms of their populations.
Spiders are often present as well.
Spiders are one of the few good guys that can capture and destroy flying meanies.
Spiders are our friends.
Spiders are oviparous, which means their young come from eggs.
Spiders are part of the Arachnid animal group.
Spiders are practically everywhere.
Spiders are predators.
Spiders are predatory and prey mostly on insects.
Spiders are programs.
Spiders are quite versatile and they do well in all types of habitat.
Spiders are quite weak, but still very annoying.
Spiders are real good friends of an organic gardener.
Spiders are remarkably useful.
Spiders are r-strategist.
Spiders are R-strategists.
Spiders are scary.
Spiders are shy and non-aggressive, and prefer to be left alone.
Spiders are similar to insects but have eight legs and no antennae.
Spiders are small eight-legged creatures.
Spiders are solitary hunters, though exceptions can be made.
Spiders are spinners.
Spiders are stupid.
Spiders are superb insect predators.
Spiders are synonymous with Robots, as are Wanderers.
Spiders are territorial animals who prefer to live by themselves individually.
Spiders are the first example that comes to mind.
Spiders are the largest group of arachnids.
Spiders are tireless.
Spiders are ugly.
Spiders are useful in keeping down pest insect populations.
Spiders are useful models for the study of evolution.
Spiders are venomous animals.
Spiders are very common and inhabit a variety of different habitats.
Spiders are very important predators in many ecosystems.
Spiders are very interesting and much-maligned animals.
Spiders are very interesting folks.
Spiders are very sensitive to vibrations, especially in their webs.
Spiders are very shy creatures.
Spiders are very soft bodied and shrivel terribly if left to dry like insect specimens.
Spiders are well known for capturing and consuming all types of insects, including many pests.
Spiders are, by far, the most important predator of insects in the world.
Spiders attack beetles.
Spiders attack soldier beetles.
Spiders attract prey.
Spiders avoid vinegar's acid.
Spiders become pests.
Spiders belong to a class of animals called arachnids.
Spiders belong to the class Arachnida.
Spiders belong to the order Araneae.
Spiders bite people.
Spiders bite predators.
Spiders bite prey.
Spiders bite victims.
Spiders bite when they're squeezed between fabric and skin.
Spiders blend into their living environment.
Spiders breathe through spiracles.
Spiders build webs from silk produced in their abdomen.
Spiders build webs.
Spiders can also serve as cockroach predators.
Spiders can attack multiple enemies.
Spiders can be advantageous to man in that they help to control the insect population.
Spiders can control stored-grain pests, bedbugs, cotton worms and pea aphids, to name a few.
Spiders can crawl through a site's pages in several ways.
Spiders can dig deeper.
Spiders can easily find their way in through even the smallest holes.
Spiders can fly.
Spiders can get very large.
Spiders can have zero to twelve eyes.
Spiders can live anywhere they can find food like fields, woods, swamps, caves and deserts.
Spiders can make bridges for themselves.
Spiders can only understand HTML code.
Spiders can overwinter in any stage of their development.
Spiders can range in size from extremely small to very large.
Spiders can regrow missing legs or parts of legs.
Spiders can repeatedly bite.
Spiders can run rapidly.
Spiders can sense a flying insect from several centimetres.
Spiders can spin silken web from a pair of specialized glands in the abdomen.
Spiders can walk on water.
Spiders catch and eat their prey and are also caught and eaten by their enemies.
Spiders catch food.
Spiders catch grasshoppers.
Spiders catch insects.
Spiders catch pests.
Spiders catch prey.
Spiders catch their food in a lot of different ways.
Spiders catch their unsuspecting prey with their sticky webs.
Spiders change little during growth, except in size.
Spiders chomp cigars.
Spiders collect food.
Spiders come from eggs.
Spiders come from eggs.
Spiders come from spiders.
Spiders come in a variety of brilliant colors.
Spiders come in many shapes, sizes, colors, and have many different habitats.
Spiders commonly lose legs in encounters with predators or conspecifics.
Spiders constantly make a chirping noise.
Spiders construct irregular webs.
Spiders construct structures.
Spiders consume many different kinds of insects, but they themselves are prey to other animals.
Spiders consume materials.
Spiders consume only liquids.
Spiders consume plant materials.
Spiders control pests.
Spiders crawl around on the web looking for web pages.
Spiders crawl the web and bring back sites to enter into the database.
Spiders create and use silk.
Spiders create egg sacs.
Spiders create sacs.
Spiders create silk with the help of tiny glands on their rear-ends.
Spiders depend on silk throughout their lives.
Spiders detect presence.
Spiders detect prey.
Spiders differ from insects by lacking compound eyes and wings.
Spiders differ in the number of spinnerets, most having six but some have two or four.
Spiders diligently spin strand after strand of web, then wait for their prey to encounter the web.
Spiders do best under conditions of high humidity and moderate temperatures.
Spiders do fight when they meet.
Spiders do no harm and are welcomed on most servers.
Spiders don t always make permanent homes.
Spiders eat a lot of insects that are agricultural pests and eat our food.
Spiders eat beetles.
Spiders eat bugs, so get used to buying crickets or other appropriate insects at the pet store.
Spiders eat crickets.
Spiders eat flies.
Spiders eat food.
Spiders eat grasshoppers that destroy crops.
Spiders eat household insects.
Spiders eat insects and some pest species.
Spiders eat insects that happen to fly into it's web.
Spiders eat insects which carry diseases and ones which destroy crops.
Spiders eat insects.
Spiders eat insects.
Spiders eat mantises.
Spiders eat many small caterpillars.
Spiders eat mates.
Spiders eat millions of insects a year.
Spiders eat mosquitoes, flies and ants.
Spiders eat mosquitoes.
Spiders eat other animals.
Spiders eat other insects.
Spiders eat other pests.
Spiders eat pests.
Spiders eat plants.
Spiders eat prey.
Spiders eat small insects.
Spiders enlarge abd repair their webs before bad weather.
Spiders enter habitats.
Spiders excavate burrows.
Spiders excrete insoluble guanine crystals to conserve precious water.
Spiders exhibit varying levels of sociality .
Spiders explode real good.
Spiders extend legs.
Spiders face a series of trade-offs in web design considerations.
Spiders feed mostly on insects but some capture and eat tadpoles, small frogs, small fish and mice.
Spiders feed off of dead insects.
Spiders feed on common indoor pests, such as roaches, earwigs, mosquitoes, flies and clothes moths.
Spiders feed on fly insects.
Spiders feed on insects and other small invertebrates.
Spiders feed on insects which become entangled in their webs.
Spiders feed on insects.
Spiders feed on organisms.
Spiders feed on other insects.
Spiders feed on prey.
Spiders feed on the body fluids of their prey.
Spiders feed primarily on insects and other spiders.
Spiders feed upon insects.
Spiders find prey.
Spiders find underwater prey.
Spiders float into the area on silken threads.
Spiders follow prey.
Spiders forage together in the treetops, often quite actively.
Spiders foretell events by writing in their webs.
Spiders form when tiny blood vessels close to the skin's surface dilate or break.
Spiders get a lot of bad publicity.
Spiders get into the house do so through cracks and crevices.
Spiders give off a very powerful type of chemical when they are ready to mate.
Spiders go out on the Internet and locate hyperlinks that are available to the public.
Spiders go through development.
Spiders go through phases.
Spiders grab prey.
Spiders grow by shedding their skeleton and replacing it with a bigger one.
Spiders grow through an incomplete metamorphosis.
Spiders hang from silk thread.
Spiders hang from thread.
Spiders has tons of information about our creepy, crawly friends.
Spiders has-part extremities.
Spiders has-part eyes.
Spiders has-part glands.
Spiders has-part legs.
Spiders has-part mandibles.
Spiders has-part mouthparts.
Spiders has-part organs.
Spiders hatch from eggs.
Spiders hatch in the spring or fall.
Spiders have (part) brains.
Spiders have (part) carapaces.
Spiders have (part) cell membranes.
Spiders have (part) cells.
Spiders have (part) corpi.
Spiders have (part) cytoplasm.
Spiders have (part) ears.
Spiders have (part) faces.
Spiders have (part) heads.
Spiders have (part) nuclei.
Spiders have (part) plasma membranes.
Spiders have (part) sections.
Spiders have (part) shells.
Spiders have (part) skulls.
Spiders have (part) thoraxes.
Spiders have (part) vacuoles.
Spiders have a body of two distinct sections.
Spiders have a generally bad reputation.
Spiders have a great range of variation and lifestyle, although all are predatory.
Spiders have a life cycle, and reproduce by laying many eggs.
Spiders have a number of eyes .
Spiders have a number of eyes.
Spiders have a peculiar system by which they move their legs.
Spiders have a separate head and body which are joined by a narrow waist.
Spiders have a set of appendages on their faces called pedipalps .
Spiders have a set of appendages on their faces called pedipalps.
Spiders have a single-chambered, tubular heart, arteries and veins but no capillaries.
Spiders have a unique craft known as spinning - more precisely, spinning silk.
Spiders have an exoskeleton, or an outside covering.
Spiders have an open blood circulation system.
Spiders have an open, blood circulatory system.
Spiders have an outside skeleton.
Spiders have appendages.
Spiders have blood.
Spiders have both sticky and non-sticky strands in their webs.
Spiders have characteristics.
Spiders have color.
Spiders have deadly venom.
Spiders have different databases.
Spiders have different habitats.
Spiders have different means of obtaining their prey.
Spiders have different ways of catching their prey.
Spiders have eight eyes, eight legs, two body parts, outside skeletons, and fangs.
Spiders have eight eyes.
Spiders have eight jointed legs and two body parts.
Spiders have eight legs and insects have only six.
Spiders have eight legs and two main body parts.
Spiders have eight legs and usually have eight eyes.
Spiders have eight legs but ants, bees, beetles and other insects have only six legs.
Spiders have eight legs but ants, bees, beetles and other insects only have six.
Spiders have eight legs, insects have only six.
Spiders have eight legs.
Spiders have eight tiny eyes.
Spiders have eight walking legs and insects have six.
Spiders have exoskeletons.
Spiders have eyes.
Spiders have fangs that are used to inject poison to paralyze or kill their prey.
Spiders have fangs.
Spiders have glands.
Spiders have guts.
Spiders have habitats where they are born and where they live.
Spiders have habitats.
Spiders have hairy legs.
Spiders have heads.
Spiders have heart rates of thirty beats a minute.
Spiders have legs.
Spiders have long legs.
Spiders have long thin legs.
Spiders have lungs.
Spiders have lungs.
Spiders have movement.
Spiders have needs of webbing.
Spiders have neither wings nor antennae.
Spiders have no antennae, only two body parts and eight legs.
Spiders have no bones, Yet they live in many zones.
Spiders have one , two , or three pairs of spinnerets .
Spiders have one, two, or three pairs of spinnerets.
Spiders have only two body divisions and eight legs.
Spiders have poisonous glands which open from the chelicerae.
Spiders have predators.
Spiders have ranges.
Spiders have sensors.
Spiders have seven-segmented legs and most have two or three claws.
Spiders have simple eyes.
Spiders have six spigots for spinning silk, and they mix their fluids to regulate the composition.
Spiders have small hairs on their legs that they can hear with.
Spiders have special chelicerae which have been modified as fangs for feeding.
Spiders have special grip pads on the bottom of their feet.
Spiders have special mouth parts, or jaws, called chelicerae, that look like farngs.
Spiders have spinnarets towards the rear of their underbellies.
Spiders have strategies at different ends of a scale.
Spiders have structures.
Spiders have tendencies.
Spiders have the mandibles converted into poison fangs, or falcers.
Spiders have their own names, just like browsers.
Spiders have their own version of lungs to get oxygen from the air.
Spiders have thin legs.
Spiders have transparent blood.
Spiders have two body regions cephalothorax and abdomen.
Spiders have two body regions clearly distinct from one another, separated by a thin waist.
Spiders have two body regions in contrast to insects which have three.
Spiders have two body segments, the abdomen and the cephalothorax.
Spiders have two fangs .
Spiders have two fangs.
Spiders have two segments and flies have three segments.
Spiders have unique characteristics.
Spiders have unique mouthparts comprised of chelicerae, or jaws, that end in fangs.
Spiders have venom glands.
Spiders have venom.
Spiders have venomous fangs.
Spiders have vision.
Spiders hear sound.
Spiders help control garden pests.
Spiders help control insect pests that destroy our crops.
Spiders help curtail disease spread.
Spiders help greatly to control insects that destroy crops or carry diseases.
Spiders Here are some links to web sites about different species of spiders.
Spiders hide in gardens.
Spiders hide in interiors.
Spiders hide in rooms.
Spiders hunt for food.
Spiders hunt insects.
Spiders hunt other insects, so they keep the overall creepy crawlie population down.
Spiders index the Web.
Spiders inhabit different environments.
Spiders inhabit environments.
Spiders inhabit many different environments.
Spiders inhabit ranges.
Spiders inject venom into the body of a captured insect to paralyze it.
Spiders just knowing how to make a web is the same.
Spiders keep a web secure by constantly checking it.
Spiders keep the fly and mosquito populations down.
Spiders kill ants.
Spiders kill aphids.
Spiders kill fly ants.
Spiders kill insects.
Spiders kill live prey.
Spiders kill other spiders.
Spiders kill prey.
Spiders know how to move around a Web.
Spiders lack wings and antennae.
Spiders lay eggs for their reproduction.
Spiders lay eggs.
Spiders lay eggs.
Spiders leave desiccated corpses in the corners of our houses.
Spiders like to live in dark places and they also tend to live in the web that it created.
Spiders like to nest inside, and they can block gas.
Spiders live all over the world.
Spiders live almost anywhere.
Spiders live almost everywhere, including inside homes and buildings.
Spiders live in all sorts of environments.
Spiders live in almost every habitat on earth.
Spiders live in ecosystems.
Spiders live in environments.
Spiders live in every habitat except for the polar regions and the oceans.
Spiders live in gardens.
Spiders live in habitats.
Spiders live in homes.
Spiders live in regions.
Spiders live in the bark and the leaf litter hunting and laying traps for other microorganisms.
Spiders live in undergrowth.
Spiders live in web.
Spiders live on web.
Spiders look different depending upon their habitat.
Spiders love trees.
Spiders mainly produce silk to spin webs.
Spiders make a habit of catching insects that fly around their web.
Spiders make a variety of silks as lifelines to food, survival and communication.
Spiders make different webs in different places to trap many kinds of prey .
Spiders make different webs in different places to trap many kinds of prey.
Spiders make egg sacs, however, there are several different methods the spiders use.
Spiders make great pets for kids.
Spiders make many different kinds of silk, which are used for different purposes.
Spiders make nests.
Spiders make silk webs as snares to catch prey and to hold egg sacs.
Spiders make their egg sacs with silken threads shaped like a ball.
Spiders make thread.
Spiders make web.
Spiders make webbing.
Spiders make webs that link sites across the world.
Spiders make webs.
Spiders move indoors seeking warmth.
Spiders move legs.
Spiders occur in a large range of sizes.
Spiders occur in forests.
Spiders occur in habitats.
Spiders occur in regions.
Spiders occur in trees.
Spiders only bite when disturbed.
Spiders only have two parts to their body.
Spiders only use the biting and the venom to make their prey immobile.
Spiders paralyze prey with neurotoxic venom of some sort.
Spiders perform cannibalism under a range of circumstances.
Spiders plague the land.
Spiders play an important predatory role in many ecosystems.
Spiders play an important role in nature by keeping insect populations under control.
Spiders play the important role of general predator in ecosystems.
Spiders possess bodies.
Spiders possess booklungs.
Spiders possess cobwebs.
Spiders possess eggs.
Spiders possess eight legs , in contrast to insects, who possess only six.
Spiders possess eight legs compared with the six of the insects.
Spiders possess legs.
Spiders possess mouthparts.
Spiders possess segments.
Spiders possess sex.
Spiders prefer areas with high humidity and stable temperatures.
Spiders prefer quiet undisturbed areas.
Spiders prefer quiet, undisturbed areas such as closets, garages, basements and attics.
Spiders prefer quiet, undisturbed areas such as closets, garages, basements, and attics.
Spiders prey on almost any insect that comes within their range.
Spiders prey on diamondback moth larvae.
Spiders prey on insects.
Spiders prey on larvae.
Spiders prey upon insects.
Spiders produce a silk-like thread from six spinnerets located on the abdomen.
Spiders produce a strong silk that they use to construct webs for trapping prey.
Spiders produce enzymes to predigest their prey.
Spiders produce enzymes to predigest they prey.
Spiders produce several types of silk from different types of spinning glands.
Spiders produce silk from glands called spinnerets.
Spiders produce silk from their spinneret glands located at the tip of their abdomen .
Spiders produce silk that is secreted as a liquid through the spinnerets and hardens on air contact.
Spiders produce silk, secreted as a liquid through the spinnerets and hardens on air contact.
Spiders produce silks that are astonishingly strong.
Spiders produce up to seven different types of silk, each with distinct mechanical properties.
Spiders produce up to seven types of silk.
Spiders produce waste.
Spiders protect themselves from their natural enemies.
Spiders provide excellent access to the Web's information.
Spiders pull prey.
Spiders quickly discover that the moths are inedible.
Spiders range in size from barely visible to many inches across.
Spiders rank just behind bees and wasps as the most feared arthropod.
Spiders Read spider rhymes, print out spider coloring picture, or take a spider quiz .
Spiders really are much more beautiful.
Spiders regularly return to the web pages they index to look for changes.
Spiders relate to tarantulas.
Spiders release thread.
Spiders rely on vision.
Spiders reproduce by laying eggs contained in an egg sac.
Spiders reproduce by laying eggs in a silken egg sac.
Spiders reproduce by laying their eggs in a sac.
Spiders reproduce sexually and fertilization is internal but indirect.
Spiders reproduce sexually, but males use an unusual method to transfer their sperm to a mate.
Spiders reproduce sexually.
Spiders reproduce year round in tropical regions.
Spiders require environments.
Spiders require food.
Spiders resemble spiders.
Spiders rest on web.
Spiders retreat some distance and hide in the garbage.
Spiders roam floors.
Spiders run across bathroom floors.
Spiders run across ceilings.
Spiders run across floors.
Spiders run away.
Spiders score four in seventh for win.
Spiders search out living conditions free of scent and vibrations.
Spiders seek prey.
Spiders seek shelter.
Spiders seize arthropods.
Spiders seize mosquitoes.
Spiders seize prey.
Spiders seize wasps.
Spiders send out long strands of silken thread that are caught by the wind.
Spiders sense presence.
Spiders serve an important role as predators feeding on insects and small animals.
Spiders serve as pests.
Spiders shake their heads and laugh when they're having a good time.
Spiders sit in web.
Spiders sit on trees.
Spiders spend most of their lives searching for food.
Spiders spend their summer eating a lot of insects and growing.
Spiders spin a web.
Spiders spin short webs.
Spiders spin silk.
Spiders spin silken chambers to cover eggs and for protective retreats.
Spiders spin the fine silk threads from glands in their bodies.
Spiders spin their webs from solutions of polypeptides in water.
Spiders spin their webs of liquid silk, which solidifies as it comes out of specialized glands.
Spiders spin webs, mirrored with spray.
Spiders spin webs.
Spiders spinning their webs is both innate and stereotyped.
Spiders spread web.
Spiders squeeze out a long thin silk filament to construct their webs.
Spiders start with a list of a dozen or so known sites.
Spiders suck food.
Spiders suck the fluids from their live prey and therefore have a sucking stomach for that purpose.
Spiders survive in every habitat on land except the very coldest.
Spiders swallow food.
Spiders symbolize patience.
Spiders tend to be good parents.
Spiders thrive in environments.
Spiders thrive in forests.
Spiders thrive in ground.
Spiders thrive in habitats.
Spiders thrive in regions.
Spiders throw web.
Spiders too haunt the lava tubes.
Spiders touch front legs.
Spiders touch legs.
Spiders Travel to sites with rich information about spiders.
Spiders try to protect and defend themselves from their enemies.
Spiders use a combination of an exoskeleton for protection and fluid pressure for movement.
Spiders use camouflage to blend in with colors and patterns.
Spiders use dragline silk to form the guylines and framework for wheel-shaped orb webs.
Spiders use fangs to bite their prey.
Spiders use legs.
Spiders use long legs.
Spiders use many ways to catch, eat, and digest their prey.
Spiders use pedipalps as copulatory organs.
Spiders use pedipalps to hold and chew food.
Spiders use rear legs.
Spiders use silk in mating activities, too.
Spiders use silk threads for all sorts of purposes, from lining their nests to catching prey.
Spiders use silk to capture prey, line burrows, and protect eggs.
Spiders use silk to protect their eggs.
Spiders use silk to raise young, make homes, and hunt prey.
Spiders use silk to spin in and to make webs to catch food.
Spiders use silk.
Spiders use sticky silk.
Spiders use their fangs to inject venom into their prey.
Spiders use their silk to make webs, wrap prey, wrap their eggs, and as a safety line.
Spiders use their silk to spin webs, construct their egg sacs and build shelters.
Spiders use their venom as a defense mechanism and to immobilize their prey.
Spiders use their webs to catch prey.
Spiders use their webs to catch their prey and to defend themselves.
Spiders use venom to subdue their prey.
Spiders vary widely in color, shape, size, and habits.
Spiders view HTML code as a means of describing the structure of information.
Spiders wait for caterpillars.
Spiders wait for insects.
Spiders wait for movement.
Spiders wait for prey.
Spiders walk on legs.
Spiders weave webs to catch passing insects.
Spiders work only for themselves, but bees work for others.
Spiders work overtime feeding on harmful insects.
Spiders frequently capture bees in their webs.
Spider often kills the male after mating.
Spiders often attach highly visible silk bands, called decorations or stabilimenta, to their webs.
Spiders often attach their web between a bush and the nearby grass.
Spiders often convert nitrogenous waste into uric acid.
Spiders often eat part of their web.
Spiders often spend a fair bit of time grooming their legs.
Spiders often spin their webs across gaps around doors to capture insects trying to enter.
Spiders often wrap their prey in a thick coat of web.
Spiders sometimes die right after their spiderlings hatch.
Spiders sometimes take up a position near insect activity to capture strays.
Spiders usually eat insects.
Spiders usually have a round or oblong body and eight legs.
Spiders usually have six fingerlike silk glands called spinnerets located beneath their abdomen.
Spiders usually live in underground burrows and only surface to feed or mate.
All spider mites spin fine strands of webbing on the host plant - hence their name.
All spiders are beneficial in the garden because they eat a variety of pest insects.
All spiders are carnivorous and secure live prey either by hunting or trapping spider bites, stings.
All spiders are poisonous.
All spiders are predacious and eat mainly insects.
All spiders are predators and many contribute significantly to biological control.
All spiders are predators who feast on insects.
All spiders are predators, feeding almost entirely on other arthropod s, especially insects.
All spiders are predators, feeding mainly on insects and other small arthropods.
All spiders are predators, feeding mostly on insects.
All spiders are predators.
All spiders are predatory creatures.
All spiders are venomous including tarantulas which can be capable of delivering a painful bite.
All spiders are venomous, but only two are of medical importance in Southern California.
All spiders eat meat, which means they're carnivores.
All spiders have a definite structure.
All spiders have a pair of jaw like fangs.
All spiders have a pair of jaw-like structures known as chelicerae.
All spiders have eight legs and most have eight eyes.
All spiders have fangs and most kinds have poison glands.
All spiders have fangs that they use to bite their prey with, and most have venom glands.
All spiders have four pairs of legs and a set of leg-like appendages called palps.
All spiders have four pairs of legs and two major body regions.
All spiders have some amount of venom with varying degrees of potency.
All spiders have two body segments, a cephalothorax in front and an abdomen behind.
All spiders have two body-segments, a cephalothorax in front and an abdomen behind.
All spiders have venom and use it to help capture prey.
All spiders have venom glands.
All spiders have venom that is used to paralyze their prey.
All spiders have venom, but, in fact, most of the dangerous ones shy away from people.
All spiders have venom, that's how they catch food.
All spiders have venom.
All spiders possess venom which they use for paralyzing prey and for self defense against predators.
All spiders produce silk but only some build webs.
All spiders produce silk from glands near the tip of the abdomen.
All spiders produce silk.
All spiders produce venom.
All spiders shed their skin.
All spiders use sucking as their digestive means.
Every spider is venomous, but a very small number of species are really dangerous.
Many spiders are active at night and can be found by shining a flashlight into vegetation.
Many spiders are brightly colored, and some are even shaped like psychedelic witch-doctor masks.
Many spiders are capable of producing mild skin lesions when they bite.
Many spiders are nocturnal , they are most active during the night.
Many spiders are nocturnal, they are most active during the night.
Many spiders are small and have small mouth parts.
Many spiders build a retreat of silk to hide in too.
Many spiders can only see the top-level frame code.
Many spiders destroy and replace their webs regularly and the process can be fascinating to watch.
Many spiders have similar stories.
Many spiders lay their eggs in silken sacs.
Many spiders now stop after following links one level down into a site.
Many spiders ride inside on the firewood.
Many spiders spin silk cocoons around masses of their eggs and sometimes around their prey.
Many spiders spin webs to catch insects for food.-eating birds, and even wasps.
Many spiders spin webs to entrap their prey.
Many spiders trap their food in webs.
Many spiders use their sticky silk webs to catch food, which consists of tiny animals.
More spiders tends to mean more bites.
Most spider mites overwinter as adults, hidden in bark cracks or under debris around gardens.
Most spider mites prefer conditions.
Most spiders also breathe through spiracles.
Most spiders also have a sense of taste and smell, which play a role in feeding and reproduction.
Most spiders ambush prey.
Most spiders are beneficial because they feed on insects.
Most spiders are beneficial predators.
Most spiders are from the Great Lakes region, with a small number of exotics.
Most spiders are harmless to people.
Most spiders are harmless yet helpful as they keep other insect under control.
Most spiders are inside web.
Most spiders are located in web.
Most spiders are predators of insects, and thus are beneficial.
Most spiders are predators, they capture prey.
Most spiders are small, inconspicuous arthropods which are harmless to humans.
Most spiders are vulnerable to frogs.
Most spiders attack soldier beetles.
Most spiders attract prey.
Most spiders become pests.
Most spiders belong to the former division.
Most spiders bite people.
Most spiders bite predators.
Most spiders bite prey.
Most spiders bite victims.
Most spiders breathe through spiracles.
Most spiders can live for several months without food.
Most spiders can live one or two years.
Most spiders carefully wrap their eggs in silk they produce from their own body.
Most spiders catch food.
Most spiders catch prey.
Most spiders collect food.
Most spiders come from eggs.
Most spiders come from spiders.
Most spiders construct some type of nest.
Most spiders construct structures.
Most spiders consume materials.
Most spiders consume plant materials.
Most spiders control pests.
Most spiders create egg sacs.
Most spiders create sacs.
Most spiders detect presence.
Most spiders detect prey.
Most spiders don t possess the mouthparts capable of breaking human skin.
Most spiders eat beetles.
Most spiders eat crickets.
Most spiders eat food.
Most spiders eat household insects.
Most spiders eat insects, but some larger spiders eat frogs and birds.
Most spiders eat insects, but they can also eat other spiders.
Most spiders eat insects.
Most spiders eat live insects.
Most spiders eat mantises.
Most spiders eat mates.
Most spiders eat mosquitoes.
Most spiders eat other insects.
Most spiders eat plants.
Most spiders eat prey.
Most spiders eat small insects.
Most spiders enter habitats.
Most spiders excavate burrows.
Most spiders extend legs.
Most spiders feed on fly insects.
Most spiders feed on insects.
Most spiders feed on organisms.
Most spiders feed on other insects.
Most spiders feed on prey.
Most spiders feed upon insects.
Most spiders find prey.
Most spiders find underwater prey.
Most spiders follow prey.
Most spiders go through development.
Most spiders go through phases.
Most spiders grab prey.
Most spiders hang from silk thread.
Most spiders hang from thread.
Most spiders has-part extremities.
Most spiders has-part eyes.
Most spiders has-part glands.
Most spiders has-part legs.
Most spiders has-part mandibles.
Most spiders has-part mouthparts.
Most spiders has-part organs.
Most spiders have a life cycle similar to the black widow, but they each have unique features.
Most spiders have appendages.
Most spiders have blood.
Most spiders have characteristics.
Most spiders have color.
Most spiders have deadly venom.
Most spiders have different habitats.
Most spiders have eight eyes and eight legs.
Most spiders have eight eyes in various arrangements.
Most spiders have eight eyes, a head, thorax, abdomen and eight legs.
Most spiders have eight eyes, although some have six or two.
Most spiders have eight eyes, and the jumping spiders have the best eyesight of all.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but some have fewer.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but some have six, four or two.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but some, like the brown recluse spider, only have six.
Most spiders have eight eyes, but the brown recluse has six eyes arranged in a distinctive pattern.
Most spiders have eight eyes, some only six and several have fewer or none.
Most spiders have eight simple eyes.
Most spiders have exoskeletons.
Most spiders have eyes.
Most spiders have fangs too small or too weak to puncture human skin.
Most spiders have fangs.
Most spiders have four pairs of eyes.
Most spiders have glands.
Most spiders have guts.
Most spiders have habitats.
Most spiders have hairy legs.
Most spiders have heads.
Most spiders have legs.
Most spiders have little defense against insecticides and black widows are no exception.
Most spiders have long legs.
Most spiders have long thin legs.
Most spiders have lungs.
Most spiders have movement.
Most spiders have only one lung, however there are some with two.
Most spiders have poor eyesight and react to vibrations and motion.
Most spiders have predators.
Most spiders have ranges.
Most spiders have sensors.
Most spiders have structures.
Most spiders have tendencies.
Most spiders have thin legs.
Most spiders have three pairs of spinnerets, but some have only two pairs.
Most spiders have unique characteristics.
Most spiders have venom glands.
Most spiders have venom.
Most spiders have venomous fangs.
Most spiders have vision.
Most spiders hear sound.
Most spiders hide in cracks, darkened areas, or areas where they can construct their web.
Most spiders hide in gardens.
Most spiders hide in interiors.
Most spiders hide in rooms.
Most spiders inhabit different environments.
Most spiders inhabit environments.
Most spiders inhabit many different environments.
Most spiders inject their prey with venom through fangs.
Most spiders kill ants.
Most spiders kill aphids.
Most spiders kill fly ants.
Most spiders kill insects.
Most spiders kill live prey.
Most spiders kill prey.
Most spiders lay eggs.
Most spiders leave a trail of silk as they walk.
Most Spiders leave a trail of silk as they walk.
Most spiders live either one to two seasons.
Most spiders live for one year.
Most spiders live in ecosystems.
Most spiders live in environments.
Most spiders live in gardens.
Most spiders live in habitats.
Most spiders live in homes.
Most spiders live in regions.
Most spiders live in undergrowth.
Most spiders live in web.
Most spiders live on web.
Most spiders live only a year or so, molting five or six times before reaching maturity.
Most spiders live only one or two years.
Most spiders love trees.
Most spiders make a natural fiber that is also called silk .
Most spiders make a natural fiber that is also called silk.
Most spiders make nests.
Most spiders make thread.
Most spiders make web.
Most spiders make webbing.
Most spiders move legs.
Most spiders occur in forests.
Most spiders occur in habitats.
Most spiders occur in regions.
Most spiders occur in trees.
Most spiders possess bodies.
Most spiders possess cobwebs.
Most spiders possess eggs.
Most spiders possess legs.
Most spiders possess mouthparts.
Most spiders possess segments.
Most spiders possess sex.
Most spiders prey on diamondback moth larvae.
Most spiders prey on insects.
Most spiders prey on larvae.
Most spiders primarily interact with the world through tactile sensation.
Most spiders produce silk draglines and excreta as they move through the environment.
Most spiders produce waste.
Most spiders pull prey.
Most spiders put their eggs into silk sacs.
Most spiders relate to tarantulas.
Most spiders release thread.
Most spiders rely on vision.
Most spiders require environments.
Most spiders require food.
Most spiders resemble spiders.
Most spiders rest on web.
Most spiders return to the sites on a regular basis to look for changes or updates.
Most spiders run across bathroom floors.
Most spiders run across ceilings.
Most spiders run across floors.
Most spiders seek prey.
Most spiders seek shelter.
Most spiders seize arthropods.
Most spiders seize mosquitoes.
Most spiders seize prey.
Most spiders seize wasps.
Most spiders sense presence.
Most spiders serve as pests.
Most spiders sit in web.
Most spiders sit on trees.
Most spiders spin sticky webs to catch insects to eat.
Most spiders spin sticky webs which they use to capture insects.
Most spiders spin webs to catch their prey, or at least lie passively in wait.
Most spiders spread web.
Most spiders suck food.
Most spiders swallow food.
Most spiders thrive in environments.
Most spiders thrive in forests.
Most spiders thrive in ground.
Most spiders thrive in habitats.
Most spiders thrive in regions.
Most spiders throw web.
Most spiders touch front legs.
Most spiders touch legs.
Most spiders use legs.
Most spiders use long legs.
Most spiders use rear legs.
Most spiders use silk to make webs to trap or drop on prey.
Most spiders use silk.
Most spiders use sticky silk.
Most spiders use venom to kill their prey.
Most spiders use webs to catch prey.
Most spiders vary the thickness and stickiness of their silk for different uses.
Most spiders wait for caterpillars.
Most spiders wait for insects.
Most spiders wait for movement.
Most spiders wait for prey.
Most spiders walk on legs.
Some spider mites cause damage.
Some spider mites cause extensive damage.
Some spider mites damage trees.
Some spider mites destroy gardens.
Some spider mites infest marigolds.
Some spider mites spin thread.
Some spider veins and now some varicose are starting to show.
Some spiders accompany victims.
Some spiders adapt to habitats.
Some spiders adapt to pressure.
Some spiders adapt to various habitats.
Some spiders also eat omnivorous leafroller larvae, mealybugs, mites, and thrips.
Some spiders also have spiracles.
Some spiders also inject enzymes that liquefy the prey.
Some spiders also look for meta tags containing additional information about a web page.
Some spiders appear in holes.
Some spiders are able to detect and catch a flying butterfly in mid-air.
Some spiders are active hunters that chase and overpower their prey.
Some spiders are active hunters, such as wolf spiders, jumping spiders or crab spiders.
Some spiders are cannibalized by their mates.
Some spiders are dangerous.
Some spiders are expert trappers.
Some spiders are harmful to humans because they hurt people or domestic animals.
Some spiders are inside bushes.
Some spiders are located at ceilings.
Some spiders are located at classrooms.
Some spiders are located at homes.
Some spiders are located at treetops.
Some spiders are located in environments.
Some spiders are located in houses.
Some spiders are located in rainforests.
Some spiders are located in trees.
Some spiders are malignant and are used by spammers to harvest email addresses.
Some spiders are member of families.
Some spiders are so rudimentary that they create more work than they eliminate.
Some spiders are very attractive to look at.
Some spiders are voracious and eat nearly anything of the right size.
Some spiders are web spinners.
Some spiders attack plants.
Some spiders attack sheep.
Some spiders attract animals.
Some spiders attract mice.
Some spiders avoid people.
Some spiders avoid predators.
Some spiders become pets.
Some spiders belong to families.
Some spiders bite animals.
Some spiders bite bodies.
Some spiders bite cattle.
Some spiders bite dogs.
Some spiders bite eyes.
Some spiders bite frogs.
Some spiders bite girls.
Some spiders bite goats.
Some spiders bite humans.
Some spiders bite legs.
Some spiders bite livestock.
Some spiders bite mammals.
Some spiders bite men.
Some spiders bite rabbits.
Some spiders bite tails.
Some spiders build frames.
Some spiders build tents underwater.
Some spiders build their webs on the ground.
Some spiders build their webs where flying insects including butterflies can be trapped.
Some spiders build trapdoors under which they lie in wait for unsuspecting prey.
Some spiders can bite humans and cause severe physical reactions.
Some spiders can live most of their lives under water in bubble webs.
Some spiders can only see the difference between light and shadow.
Some spiders carry sacs.
Some spiders carry venom.
Some spiders cause death.
Some spiders cause injuries.
Some spiders cause problems.
Some spiders cause visible injuries.
Some spiders chase down or pounce on their prey instead.
Some spiders check where a word is placed in a document.
Some spiders come to surfaces.
Some spiders consider text links to be more important.
Some spiders consume beetles.
Some spiders descend from treetops.
Some spiders develop resistance.
Some spiders die after laying the eggs.
Some spiders die of hunger.
Some spiders dig burrows.
Some spiders dig deep burrows.
Some spiders dig homes under the ground.
Some spiders do damage.
Some spiders eat animals.
Some spiders eat bees.
Some spiders eat birds.
Some spiders eat caterpillars.
Some spiders eat enemies.
Some spiders eat fish.
Some spiders eat frogs.
Some spiders eat grasshoppers.
Some spiders eat larvae.
Some spiders eat many other small animals.
Some spiders eat other animals.
Some spiders eat partners.
Some spiders eat pests.
Some spiders eat pollen.
Some spiders eat proteins.
Some spiders eat silverfishs.
Some spiders eat small animals.
Some spiders eat spiders.
Some spiders eat woodlouses.
Some spiders emerge in springs.
Some spiders engage in care.
Some spiders enter buildings.
Some spiders enter fields.
Some spiders enter homes.
Some spiders enter houses.
Some spiders even produce an ultraviolet silk to attract insects.
Some spiders feed on nectar.
Some spiders feed on woodlouses.
Some spiders feel vibration.
Some spiders feel wind.
Some spiders find burrows.
Some spiders flip on their backs to molt, while others lay on their sides.
Some spiders generate pressure.
Some spiders get their food almost exclusively by stealing it from other spiders .
Some spiders go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Some spiders go through metamorphosis.
Some spiders go through simple metamorphosis.
Some spiders grow into adults.
Some spiders has-part exoskeletons.
Some spiders has-part jaws.
Some spiders have antennas.
Some spiders have appearances.
Some spiders have better vision than others.
Some spiders have body size.
Some spiders have book lungs.
Some spiders have claws at the end of each leg.
Some spiders have crevices.
Some spiders have cuticles.
Some spiders have defense mechanisms.
Some spiders have differences.
Some spiders have external sex organs.
Some spiders have fresh water.
Some spiders have gills.
Some spiders have habitat requirements.
Some spiders have life stages.
Some spiders have mechanisms.
Some spiders have muscles.
Some spiders have organs.
Some spiders have pairs.
Some spiders have reputations.
Some spiders have requirements.
Some spiders have senses.
Some spiders have sex organs.
Some spiders have size.
Some spiders have skin.
Some spiders have small crevices.
Some spiders have specific habitat requirements.
Some spiders have specific requirements.
Some spiders have spiders.
Some spiders have spines.
Some spiders have spots.
Some spiders have stages.
Some spiders have teeth.
Some spiders have time.
Some spiders have tracheae.
Some spiders have undersides.
Some spiders have unique defense mechanisms.
Some spiders have up to six or eight or twelve eyes.
Some spiders have water.
Some spiders help scientists.
Some spiders hide and pounce on their prey.
Some spiders hide in corners.
Some spiders hide in cracks.
Some spiders hide in flowers.
Some spiders hide in rubbish.
Some spiders hunt animals.
Some spiders hunt food.
Some spiders hunt prey.
Some spiders hunt wasps.
Some spiders inhabit areas.
Some spiders inhabit farmland.
Some spiders inhabit outdoor areas.
Some spiders inhabit tundra.
Some spiders inject venom.
Some spiders invade residences.
Some spiders jump and pounce.
Some spiders keep web.
Some spiders kill children.
Some spiders kill cockroaches.
Some spiders kill dangerous spiders.
Some spiders kill spiders.
Some spiders live for several years.
Some spiders live for years.
Some spiders live in Alabama.
Some spiders live in boxes.
Some spiders live in buildings.
Some spiders live in burrows.
Some spiders live in bushes.
Some spiders live in California.
Some spiders live in Canada.
Some spiders live in countries.
Some spiders live in crops.
Some spiders live in deep burrows.
Some spiders live in different countries.
Some spiders live in fields.
Some spiders live in furniture.
Some spiders live in greenhouses.
Some spiders live in houses.
Some spiders live in islands.
Some spiders live in meadows.
Some spiders live in Missouri.
Some spiders live in Namibia.
Some spiders live in Nebraska.
Some spiders live in nests and some spiders live in webs.
Some spiders live in Tennessee.
Some spiders live on ground.
Some spiders live on plants.
Some spiders live underground or on the ground.
Some spiders look like adults.
Some spiders look quite spectacular when taken out of their natural habitat.
Some spiders lose limbs.
Some spiders love food.
Some spiders make a refuge of silk into which they retreat.
Some spiders make a specialty of hunting for prey below the surface of ponds.
Some spiders make eggs.
Some spiders make enzymes.
Some spiders make note of URLs that are no longer valid in order to correct lists.
Some spiders make silk.
Some spiders make tunnels in the ground with escape routes in case of intruders.
Some spiders make venom.
Some spiders manage to use the signaling-snare technique of a web without spinning a web at all.
Some spiders manage to use the 'signalling snare' technique of a web without spinning a web at all.
Some spiders occur in Africa.
Some spiders occur in Canada.
Some spiders occur in caves.
Some spiders occur in environments.
Some spiders occur in Florida.
Some spiders occur in Mexico.
Some spiders only go a couple of levels deep.
Some spiders perform elaborate mating dances, while others present their mates with gifts.
Some spiders play in environments.
Some spiders play in walls.
Some spiders pose threats.
Some spiders possess bands.
Some spiders possess cheliceras.
Some spiders possess enemies.
Some spiders possess glands.
Some spiders possess lungs.
Some spiders possess movement.
Some spiders possess poison glands.
Some spiders possess poison.
Some spiders possess toxins.
Some spiders possess tracheae.
Some spiders prefer food.
Some spiders prey upon woodlouses.
Some spiders produce different webs when young than when mature.
Some spiders reach adulthood.
Some spiders reach ages.
Some spiders reach full maturity.
Some spiders reach maturity.
Some spiders release enzymes.
Some spiders release silk.
Some spiders reproduce during periods.
Some spiders require chemicals.
Some spiders resemble crabs.
Some spiders rest on islands.
Some spiders result in damage.
Some spiders save the URL, or address, of every Web page they visit.
Some spiders secrete pheromone.
Some spiders seek mates.
Some spiders share ancestors.
Some spiders share burrows.
Some spiders share common ancestors.
Some spiders share same ancestors.
Some spiders share same common ancestors.
Some spiders show variation.
Some spiders sit in trees.
Some spiders sit on flowers.
Some spiders sit on walls.
Some spiders spin silk webs, and others line their burrows with silk.
Some spiders spin webs to catch their prey.
Some spiders spin webs while others merely stalk their prey.
Some spiders spread diseases.
Some spiders steal food from other spiders.
Some spiders store food.
Some spiders suck blood.
Some spiders suck caterpillars.
Some spiders threaten trees.
Some spiders thrive in conditions.
Some spiders thrive in dry conditions.
Some spiders use fangs.
Some spiders use methods.
Some spiders use web snares to trap prey and all construct a silk sac to deposit eggs.
Some spiders wait for butterflies.
Some spiders wait for prey to get caught in their webs while others actually hunt for prey.
Spiderman days are over with.
Some spiders hunt snails.
Spidersilk helm is a silver helm that looks like the chainmail helm.
A spiderwort is a herb
Spiderwort is prevalent along the trail.
Spiderworts are easy to grow.
Spiderworts are herbs.
Spiderworts are one of the native wildflowers that have made their way into the nursery trade.
Spiderworts produce flowers over a long period of time.
A spiff is attractiveness
Spiffs are basically bribes to get the salesmen to push their products.
Spiffs range from cash payments to clothing to merchandise to vacation trips.
Spiffy graphics warrant subjective bonus points.
Spiffy people can be cheats, and slobs can be the most dependable.
Spigelian hernias are hernias which occur in the anterolateral wall of the lower abdomen.
A spigot is a plug
Spigots has some very sophisticated applets and information on programming java.
Spike aeration seems to work best.
Spike camps are somewhat less comfortable.
Spike development is accelerated, decreasing the time to terminal spikelet and the crop cycle.
Most spike fiddles have three or fewer strings.
Spike flowers open from top downward.
Spike latency is minimized.
Spike potentials are true action potentials that elicit muscle contraction.
Spike solutions are indeed good in the early design phase or for feasability studies.
Spike strips are available in several sizes and colors.
Spike tape is highly conformable to irregular surfaces.
A spike is electrical discharge
Spike burst out laughing.
Spike here is a bit of a genius.
Spike isa emergence.
Spike kicks major ass.
Spike now leaves for a chat with the effects boys.
Spike now lives at Horseshoe Bay and spends a lot of time on the golf course.
Spike now offers a choice between working with kilobytes or bytes.
Spike still catches a mackerel, a relatively small fish.
Spike then strolls to the trophies.
Spikes adorn their bodies and their fingers and toes end in sharp, wicked claws.
Spikes also provide much better toe spring than flats.
Spikes are a lot easier to install and remove, whereas concrete is permanent.
Spikes are awned, slender, narrow, flattened, and fragile.
Spikes are awnless or short-awned and dense.
Spikes are completely unnecessary.
Spikes are data points with large correlation coefficients, usually caused by hardware errors.
Spikes are electrical discharge.
Spikes are far more frequent than surges.
Spikes are flexible, tending to lean over.
Spikes are florist quality.
Spikes are forceful the tidal waves of electric current.
Spikes are implements.
Spikes are inflorescences.
Spikes are intermediate in length and flattened.
Spikes are large, open or dense, awned, and square or rectangular in cross-section.
Spikes are long and compact with alternating spikelets on the rachis.
Spikes are long and dense, sometimes compound or branched.
Spikes are long, loose, and almost square in cross-section.
Spikes are medium dense to loose, and awded.
Spikes are medium to short, dense and generally held erect to semierect.
Spikes are nails.
Spikes are nearly normal length but are awnless and completely sterile.
Spikes are part of shoes.
Spikes are points.
Spikes are projections.
Spikes are red, gaussians are blue, triplets are purple and pulses are green.
Spikes are rises.
Spikes are short and compact and tend generally to have three seed per spikelet.
Spikes are sports equipment.
Spikes are taller and more refined.
Spikes are television stations.
Spikes are the key.
Spikes are the real nasties.
Spikes are the young, totally green flowers.
Spikes are used for running.
Spikes are very dense and flattened laterally.
Spikes bear white malodorous flowers with large stamens.
Spikes can be dangerous to computer equipment and can cause fuses to blow or components to burn out.
Spikes can be expensive, especially for large trees.
Spikes can cause devastating damage to hardware and loss of data.
Spikes can form on intraday, daily, weekly or monthly charts.
Spikes can permanently damage modems, motherboards and connected peripheral equipment.
Spikes can reach high voltages.
Spikes can still pollinate and fill, and regrowth from new tillers can occur.
Spikes carry only five buds but there are multiple spikes produced.
Spikes cause catastrophic damage to hardware and loss of data.
Spikes cause erratic termination which in turn cause bus problems and lockups.
Spikes cause oral pain.
Spikes cause pain.
Spikes cause severe oral pain.
Spikes cause severe pain.
Spikes come in two thread sizes.
Spikes cover a cockroach's legs to enable it to climb and to protect it from predators.
Spikes Create a three-dimensional spike using gradients.
Spikes erect or nearly so, loosely flowered, j-S in.
Spikes feature a sharpened point at one end.
Spikes fly out of the wall, things drop from the ceiling, and at one point, the stairs fall away.
Spikes function in attachment and entry to host cells.
Spikes generated by electrical machinery also greatly increase.
Spikes gives the audience a change of pace in a fun piece described as pure silliness.
Spikes have a fairly sharp point.
Spikes have functions.
Spikes have length.
Spikes indicate analysis code crashes.
Spikes Join our email list for monthly specials and promotions.
Spikes line the legs.
Spikes line the raptorial legs.
Spikes loosen and revitalize the lawn's crusted and hardened soil.
Spikes occur when lightning strikes a transformer.
Spikes plans to stay here for two weeks, then head back home for a week before returning.
Spikes protect bird from hard mouthed dogs.
Spikes remain precise even when firing rate and total information transfer are low.
Spikes secure the bale.
Spikes serve as lighting rods, another high mountain problem.
Spikes vary in density from open to dense, with short awns.
Spikes work to discourage pigeons from landing.
Most spikes cause oral pain.
Most spikes cause pain.
Most spikes cause severe oral pain.
Most spikes cause severe pain.
Most spikes have functions.
Most spikes have length.
Some spikes are caused by forces.
Some spikes contain fertilizer.
Some spikes generate friction.
Some spikes have long trail wire.
Some spikes have metal wire.
Some spikes have purposes.
Some spikes have stamens.
Some spikes have wire.
Some spikes increase and decrease for many days before they settle down.
Some spikes occur during eras.
Some spikes occur in areas.
Some spikes offer protection.
Some spikes reach height.
Some spikes solve problems.
Spiked collars can be harmful to dogs and stupid people.
More spiked readers give their views.
Spiked shoes can tear the grass and leave gashes.
Spiked stems come right out of the tree trunk.
Spiked tires are used for ice.
Spiked tools are peaveys, for handling logs.
A spikelet is an enation
Spikelets are elliptic and in two rows along the spike.
Spikelets are generally awnless, but sometimes awned.
Spikelets are green to purple.
Spikelets are large, usually with three flowers but developing only two kernels.
Spikelets are parts that contain the flowers of the plant.
Spikelets are reddish in color and most are tipped by bent awns.
Spikelets are small, flattened, and laterally compressed with persistent axes.
Spikelets are tiny and straw colored and tipped by short, straight awns .
Spikelets are two-kemeled and upright, closely pressed to the rachis or central stem.
Spikelets are usually densely hairy, awned or awnless.
Spikelets become progressevely reduced towards the tip of the rachis.
Spikelets biseriate, distichous, erect, spreading to appressed.
Spikelets cling to clothing and fur.
Spikelets contain only a single fertile flower and thus produce only one seed.
Spikelets detach from above the glumes.
Spikelets detach from below the glumes.
Spikelets erect, spreading.
Spikelets fall from the fragile spike at maturity.
Spikelets generally contain two fertile flowers.
Spikelets generally contain two flowers and generally are awned.
Spikelets have awns developing on both lemma and palea.
Spikelets homomorphic .
Spikelets lack awns and consist of a lower sterile floret and an upper fertile floret.
Spikelets lanceolate, consist of a lower glume-like sterile floret and an upper fertile floret.
Spikelets occur in pairs on a central unbranched axis.
Spikelets occur in pairs or threes and each has a conspicuous awn.
Spikelets sessile to pedicellate.
Spikelets shortly pedicellate.
Spikelets usually contain two kernels.
Most spikelets contain two seeds, each enclosed by a husk called the hull.
Spiky leaves reduce evaporation.
Spiky vegetation competes with noble cacti pointing prickly fingers at the leaden sky.
A spill is a liquid
Spill also produces gas supersaturation in the water downstream of dams.
Spill can actually decrease survival because of the resulting gas bubble trauma.
Spill Clean Up Soak up with sawdust, sand, oil dry or other absorbent material.
Spill Clean Up Vacuum and place in suitable container.
Spill comes comparatively cheap.
Spill gives the runs a fighting chance.
Spill has all of the ingredients to make it a classic.
Spill is greater than one foot in diameter.
Spill is less than one foot in diameter.
Spill is one of the family poodles.
Spill is used to pass fish over dams.
Spill is water passed through a spillway at a dam rather than being sent through the turbines.
Spill lives and breathes magic.
Spill needs to make more of a mess.
Spill pillows are much less messy, though more expensive.
Spill Pillows for soaking up minor sills of solvents, oils, acids and bases.
Spill Procedures Notify all persons in the area and limit access to the spill.
Spill reporting information is included, too.
Spill reports per calendar year.
Spills also damage expensive library materials and furniture.
Spills also occur regularly from the many oil wells in the area.
Spills are almost certain to happen in laboratories.
Spills are also a major problem.
Spills are certainly easier to prevent than to clean up.
Spills are dangerous to almost all computer components.
Spills are easier to clean up if attacked before they have baked on for a long time.
Spills are easy to clean up too, because our heat-sealed folds keep moisture from seeping through.
Spills are easy to take, with a washable and water repellant interior and exterior.
Spills are even more of a problem if the product contains a dye.
Spills are expensive, so businesses are improving training and equipment.
Spills are flow.
Spills are inevitable.
Spills are infrequent, but can be ugly.
Spills are liquids.
Spills are no problem - Stains can be removed simply with a damp cloth.
Spills are preventable.
Spills are rare, but catastrophic when they occur.
Spills are routine.
Spills are slippery and can cause falls.
Spills are slips.
Spills are virtually impossible.
Spills attract cockroaches and mice.
Spills attract insects such as flies, ants and roaches.
Spills bead up on most carpet surfaces, allowing quick and easy blotting.
Spills can also occur when tanks are being filled.
Spills can also occur when the fuel in a tank heats and expands, and is forced through the vent cap.
Spills can be costly.
Spills can cause permanent stains to materials and can damage or destroy computers.
Spills can cause stains, damage computers and books, and attract pests.
Spills can damage library materials and computer equipment.
Spills can destroy furniture or appliances.
Spills can directly kill marine organisms through smothering, hypothermia or acute toxicity.
Spills can happen on land or in water, at any time of day or night, and in any weather conditions.
Spills can happen the open seas, close to shores, or in lakes, streams and rivers.
Spills can kill fish eggs and tiny ocean creatures that other animals feed on.
Spills can often lead to hazardous situations and result in serious stormwater pollution.
Spills can present a health, property, or environmental hazard and any combination thereof.
Spills can sometimes run under the burners.
Spills clean up easily with mild soap and water.
Spills do end up in hard to reach areas.
Spills do happen.
Spills Eliminate all sources of ignition.
Spills fall directly on electric components.
Spills fall on seamless bottom.
Spills happen, after all.
Spills happen, stains are created, countertops are burned and appliances break.
Spills initially bead up.
Spills involving oil tankers and barges usually result from human error.
Spills is no newcomer to the world of magic and illusion.
Spills jeopardize the players.
Spills jeopardize the skaters.
Spills just sponge right up.
Spills occur mostly by collisions or grounding.
Spills Quickly blot any remaining liquid.
Spills soak into ground or drain toward well.
Spills soak into ground.
Spills Soak up fluids with paper towels, newspapers or sweeping compound.
Spills stem from human negligence, 'freak' accidents, inclement weather, and unreliable hardware.
Spills still can occur with a hard enough visit with the wall.
Spills often resemble explosions.
All spills are to be handled immediately.
All spills require a spill response regardless of reportability.
All spills require significant cleaning and venting.
Any spills are immediately and thoroughly removed.
Any spills are to be prevented from entering waterways.
Any spills drain directly into the river.
Many spills involve broken glass.
Most spills affect a large number of the population.
Most spills are preventable.
Some spills contain chemicals that discolor or even damage carpet fibers or dye.
Some spills have a tell-tale smell.
Spillage damages the materials and also attracts insects and rodents.
Spillage is an amount
Spillage is bad.
Spillages are the norm rather than the exception in Russia.
Some spillage is okay, however, because birds such as juncos prefer to feed on the ground.
Spilled beans mean spilled blood.
Spilled chemical creates extremely slippery conditions, especially in contact with water.
Spilled crumbs are very attractive to rodents.
Spilled drinks are the number one cause of malfunctioning keyboards.
Spilled food attracts animals that come later.
Spilled food attracts animals who come later and chew the wood.
Spilled fuel adds to the danger.
Spilled fuel is a big contributor to air pollution.
Spilled juice takes time and effort to clean up.
Spilled liquids turn a dance floor into a skating rink.
Spilled material can produce slippery conditions, be cautious to avoid falling.
Spilled material is extemely slippery.
Spilled material is slippery.
Spilled material is very slippery.
Spilled mercury gravitates to cracks in the floor and into the pile of carpets.
Spilled oil can also harm birds and mammals.
Spilled oil can contaminate streams, kill vegetation and harm wildlife and remediation is costly.
Spilled product causes premanent stains.
Spilled product constitutes a slip hazard.
Spilled product creates very slippery condition, especially in contact with water.
Spilled product is very slippery.
Spilled water can lead to property damage and personal injury.
A spiller is a fishing line
Spiller recounts the life of a rural sheriff with a fine sensitivity and sly wit.
Spiller wears the two-pound external battery in a pouch.
Spillover effects are consequences experienced beyond the voluntary parties to a transaction.
Spillover effects can occur as productivity improvements or as new prod- ucts and processes.
Spillover can have both positive and negative effects.
Spillover is an effect
Spillover is consequences.
Spillover is gravy.
Spillovers arising from government actions can also lead to welfare losses.
A spillway is a conduit
Spillways are an important element of any dam.
Spillways are valleys created by the meltwater moving from the edge of glaciers.
Many spillways have floodgates designed to control the flow through the spillway.
Spilt material is slippery.
Spilt milk is also an example of a superstition that has contradictions.
Spilt surrounds are well utilized, enhancing many of special effects sequences.
Spin axis is tipped over to orbital plane - most extreme seasons in solar system.
Spin boxes appear as a text box with up and down arrows used to select from a list of fixed values.
Spin City assumes sophistication - and delivers it.
Spin City get 'cyched' about a group exercise workout class.
Spin City is also very cool.
Spin control is in high gear.
Spin cycle is accomplished by engaging a clutch in the transmission.
A spin doctor is a person
Spin doctors are bands.
Spin doctors are everywhere in the news.
Spin doctors are more sophisticated.
Spin doctors are of the essence of modern politics and media.
Spin doctors guard their pup.
Spin doctors thrive in business as they do in politics.
Spin doctors twist words to mean something different from what was intended.
A spin dryer is a drier
Spin dryers are a preferred solution, but there is a severe space problem.
Spin fishing is also available.
Spin fishing is especially appropriate for fishing in the high country.
Spin networks are very beautiful and simple things.
Spin polarization affects how electrons can be passed back and forth between neighboring atoms.
Spin rate is adjusted after orbital manoeuvres if required.
Spin rate is the number of RPMs of backspin a shot produces.
SPIN records are also available for leasing via Internet file transfer.
Spin tunnels are extremely simple.
Spin turbines generate current.
Spin turbines generate electric current.
Spin turbines turn generators.
Spin waves play a key role in the process of damping the motion of the magnetization vector.
Some spin wheels provide effects.
A spin is rotation
Spin acts as a catalyst.
SPIN cooperates closely with other trade facilitation groups from the public and private sector.
Spin publishes mainstream poetry and is haiku-friendly.
Spin reserves the right to remove data from storage facilities as required by law.
Spin specifies that the control has a spin button.
Spin works seamlessly with other tools.
Spin works with other standards-based tools, including programming tools.
Spins also are aerobatics competition maneuvers.
Spins are also aerobatic maneuvers.
Spins are by far the most varied move in skating.
Spins are drives.
Spins are even easier.
Spins are legal.
Spins are renditions.
Spins are rotation.
Spins are turns.
Spins are up every week.
Spins greatly add to a trick's base score.
SPINs hold meetings at the national conference each year.
Spins require hand stripping, but the coat comes away quite easily.
Spins rotate around the direction of the external magnetic field.
Spins still account for a large percentage of fatal accidents in both sailplanes and airplanes.
Spins stop short in abrupt poses, building momentum for the next revolution.
Every spin downward gets away from civilization and closer to basic survival, at whatever cost.
Every spin fights censorship in Zimbabwe.
Every spin is in no way related to the last spin or the next spin.
Many spins are ahead for it.
Many SPINs meet one evening a month.
Most spins performed are pivot spins.
Some spin clockwise all the time, and some spin counterclockwise.
Some SPINs publish a regular newsletter.
Spinach consumption increases concentration.
Spinach plants produce leaves.
Spinach plants use energy.
Spinach salad is as simple to make as it is good to eat.
Spinach salads are a classic easy and delicious meal or side dish.
Spinach seeds need consistent moisture.
Spinach seeds need consistent soil moisture.
Spinach seeds need moisture.
Spinach seeds need soil moisture.
Spinach adds a hit of colour and a dose of folate to boot.
Spinach also stimulates the liver and also has a laxative effect.
Spinach contains calcium.
Spinach contains chemicals.
Spinach contains chlorophyll.
Spinach contains DDT, permethrin, chlorthalonil and other carcinogenic pesticides.
Spinach contains huge amounts of vitamin A and vitamin C which stimulate hair growth.
Spinach contains oxalic acid.
Spinach contains proteins.
Spinach contains several other vitamins.
Spinach contains vitamins.
Spinach cooks very quickly.
Spinach does best in spring and fall seasons and has a tendency to bolt in the hot summer months.
Spinach does well in the cool weather of Autumn.
Spinach does, in fact, have far greater strength building properties than other vegetables.
Spinach faces challenges from certain weeds including chickweed and lambsquarter.
Spinach germinates well in cool wet soil.
Spinach grows in a wide range of soils provided they are moist and fertile.
Spinach grows in climates.
Spinach grows in gardens.
Spinach grows in temperate climates.
Spinach grows on fields.
Spinach grows quickly, increasing in yield right up to the full heat of summer.
Spinach grows rapidly, so it is one of the first crops to harvest here in Lancaster County.
Spinach grows well in partial to full sun.
Spinach grows well in temperate climates.
Spinach has (part) cell membranes.
Spinach has (part) cells.
Spinach has (part) corpi.
Spinach has (part) cytoplasm.
Spinach has (part) nuclei.
Spinach has (part) plasma membranes.
Spinach has (part) sections.
Spinach has (part) vacuoles.
Spinach has a high demand for nitrogen and potassium.
Spinach has a much more recent history in Europe than many other vegetables.
Spinach has been done, so leave it out.
Spinach has flexible stems.
Spinach has green leaves.
Spinach has leaves.
Spinach has little cellulose while artichokes have a lot.
Spinach has lots of dietary iron.
Spinach has much calcium, but in a form that is indigestible.
Spinach has no more iron than cabbage.
Spinach has oxalates, which bind most of the calcium and make it largely unusable.
Spinach has stems.
Spinach has sweet taste.
Spinach has taste.
Spinach has vegetables.
Spinach improves health.
Spinach is a antioxidant powerhouse, bursting with betacarotene, vitamin C and folic acid.
Spinach is a bit too mild, so go easy on the garlic.
Spinach is a close relative, and they both are prepared the same way.
Spinach is a cool season crop and belongs to the goosefoot family along with Swiss chard and beets.
Spinach is a cool-weather crop that grows best in early spring.
Spinach is a cool-weather vegetable related to beets and Swiss chard.
Spinach is a cool-weather vegetable.
Spinach is a delicate leaf that cooks rapidly.
Spinach is a flowering plant.
Spinach is a good example.
Spinach is a good leaf to cultivate for beginners.
Spinach is a good source of lutein.
Spinach is a great accompaniment to seafood or poultry.
Spinach is a great choice.
Spinach is a great non-heme source of iron, along with lentils, tuna and eggs.
Spinach is a great source of iron.
Spinach is a green leafy vegetable rich in iron and vitamin C that can be enjoyed fresh or cooked.
Spinach is a highly nutritious and diverse veggie can be served in many delicious recipes.
Spinach is a leafy green vegetable that grows best in cool weather.
Spinach is a leafy, green vegetable grown as an annual.
Spinach is a long day plant and also a dicot.
Spinach is a long-day plant.
Spinach is a minor crop in Western Australia but demand has increased in recent years.
Spinach is a plant for all seasons except hot summer.
Spinach is a soft leaf with a strong flavor, and can be served in salads or cooked.
Spinach is a super food loaded with tons of nutrients in a low calorie package.
Spinach is a touchy crop, hard to grow and harvest in large amounts.
Spinach is a useful source of vitamins A, B and C and calcium.
Spinach is a very versatile vegetable and can be eaten raw or cooked.
Spinach is a winter vegetable that grows best in cold weather.
Spinach is adapted to a range of soil types, from light and sandy to silty clay loams.
Spinach is also a good Alkaline-forming vegetable, as are alfalfa sprouts.
Spinach is also a good bet.
Spinach is also a heavy feeder.
Spinach is also rich in the powerful carotenoid anti-oxidants lutein and zeaxanthin.
Spinach is an unusual vegetable.
Spinach is another green that can be cooked or used in salads.
Spinach is another spring-garden favorite.
Spinach is available year-round.
Spinach is available.
Spinach is best available during the winter season.
Spinach is characterized by a strong, vertically and deeply penetrating taproot.
Spinach is cold hardy, and a number of cultivars of lettuce also survive freezing temperatures.
Spinach is eaten in several ways.
Spinach is especially important.
Spinach is excellent for a low calorie side dish.
Spinach is extremely perishable and is best cooked within a few days of purchase.
Spinach is extremely rich in blood purifying chlorophyll.
Spinach is fairly resistant to frosts.
Spinach is fast growing and very nutritious.
Spinach is gently steamed and seasoned with garlic, green onions and a touch of sesame oil and salt.
Spinach is great food.
Spinach is green , but it contains oxalic acid, which reduces iron absorption.
Spinach is green.
Spinach is greens
Spinach is grown commercially on deep, loam soils.
Spinach is grown in the cooler regions of California.
Spinach is harvested by cutting the stem below the head or rosette of leaves.
Spinach is healthy in limited amounts.
Spinach is high in iron and many nutrients.
Spinach is high in iron and potatoes notable for their potassium content.
Spinach is ideal for canning and freezing.
Spinach is in any case better known for laxative qualities than any of instantaneous energizers.
Spinach is included for coloring in one restaurant's garden mint ice cream.
Spinach is loaded with vitamins and minerals.
Spinach is low in calories, fat and cholesterol free.
Spinach is low in calories.
Spinach is more popular in the eastern States, where it is widely used in pre-packs.
Spinach is of best quality if cut while young.
Spinach is often green.
Spinach is one of the most cold tolerant vegetable plants.
Spinach is one of the most nutrient dense foods on the planet.
Spinach is packaged in air, or in nitrogen gas to extend shelf life.
Spinach is part of spinach.
Spinach is particularly sensitive to soil acidity.
Spinach is plants.
Spinach is rich in folic acid which can act as an antidepressant.
Spinach is rich in iron and potassium, with a high content of carotenoids, which fight cancer.
Spinach is rich in vitamins, iron, folate and carotenoids.
Spinach is richer in iron, folate and vitamin A, but broccoli provides more vitamin C and calcium.
Spinach is shallow rooted.
Spinach is sold loose, bunched, packaged fresh in bags, canned, or frozen.
Spinach is succulent, tender, pure and clean from tip to stem.
Spinach is such a food.
Spinach is the answer.
Spinach is the key.
Spinach is the lightest kind found among garden vegetables.
Spinach is vegetables.
Spinach is very low in oxalates which taste tangy, like lemon.
Spinach is very pH-dependent.
Spinach isa herb.
Spinach just knows.
Spinach kills herbivorous reptiles.
Spinach leaves, bowtie pasta, chopped egg, mushrooms, bacon, red onions and toasted chile pecans.
Spinach likes cool weather.
Spinach loves an organically rich soil and well drained beds.
Spinach loves an organically rich, free draining soil.
Spinach makes a great quiche and also works well in an omelet.
Spinach needs water.
Spinach prefers cool weather.
Spinach promotes growth.
Spinach promotes hair growth.
Spinach promotes healthy growth.
Spinach promotes healthy hair growth.
Spinach ranks second on our list of healthiest vegetables.
Spinach requires a high level of fertility, especially nitrogen.
Spinach requires a uniform supply of moisture to produce a high quality crop.
Spinach requires a uniform supply of moisture to produce a high-quality crop.
Spinach requires rich garden soil with abundant nitrogen.
Spinach responds to lime.
Spinach suffers greatly from overcooking.
Spinach unlatches the gate at night for marauders and their horses.
Spinach works the same way.
All spinach is harvested mechanically.
Most spinach contains calcium.
Most spinach contains chemicals.
Most spinach contains chlorophyll.
Most spinach contains proteins.
Most spinach contains several other vitamins.
Most spinach contains vitamins.
Most spinach grows in climates.
Most spinach grows in gardens.
Most spinach grows in temperate climates.
Most spinach grows on fields.
Most spinach has flexible stems.
Most spinach has green leaves.
Most spinach has leaves.
Most spinach has sweet taste.
Most spinach has vegetables.
Most spinach improves health.
Most spinach is sold on local markets.
Most spinach needs water.
Most spinach promotes growth.
Most spinach promotes hair growth.
Most spinach promotes healthy growth.
Most spinach promotes healthy hair growth.
Some spinach belongs to families.
Some spinach contains acid.
Some spinach contains sugar.
Some spinach develops flowers.
Some spinach develops green flowers.
Some spinach grows in ranges.
Some spinach grows vines.
Some spinach has conditions.
Some spinach has grow conditions.
Some spinach has life.
Some spinach has roles.
Some spinach has shelf life.
Some spinach has short shelf life.
Some spinach has similar grow conditions.
Some spinach has types.
Some spinach interferes with absorption.
Some spinach lowers blood pressure levels.
Some spinach makes delicious salad.
Some spinach makes salad.
Some spinach possesses properties.
Some spinach reduces absorption.
Some spinach shows evidence.
Spinal abnormalities identified by MRIs also predict long-term problems.
Spinal adjustment has health benefits.
Spinal adjustments appear more effective than a placebo for infantile colic.
Spinal adjustments are a perfect, safer alternative to a nasty flu shot.
Spinal adjustments are free of pain.
Spinal anaesthesia is regional anaesthesia
Spinal anaesthesia provides excellent muscle relaxation for lower abdominal and lower limb surgery.
Spinal anesthesia is achieved by injecting certain local anesthetics into the subarachnoid space.
Spinal anesthesia is also difficult.
Spinal anesthesia is an example of a regional anesthetic.
Spinal anesthesia is considered safer than general anesthesia.
Spinal anesthesia is introduced, which evolves into the modern epidural.
Spinal anesthesia is regional anaesthesia
Spinal anesthesia is regional anesthesia.
Spinal anesthesia is the simplest and safest technique.
Spinal anesthesia is used to prevent pain and maternal straining during the cerclage.
Spinal anesthesia starts working immediately after the medication has been injected.
Spinal anesthesia works immediately but it only lasts about an hour.
Spinal arthritis causes pronounce bone degeneration and disability.
A spinal column is a skeletal structure
Spinal column is flexible.
Spinal cord deals with reflex or involuntary actions.
Spinal cord exits the foramen magnum in the Occipital bone.
Spinal cord has grey matter and white matter.
Spinal cord has white matter just like the brain.
Spinal cord is a neural structure
Spinal cord is body parts.
Spinal cord is known to promote muscle differentiation.
Spinal cord is part of nervous systems.
Spinal cord is solid objects.
Spinal cord is the expressway for signals from the periphery.
Spinal cord strains from postural loads.
Spinal cord stresses from postural loads and their neurologic effects.
Some spinal cord causes paralysis.
A spinal curvature is an abnormality
Spinal curvature compresses sensory nerves.
Spinal curvature is normal.
Spinal curves are either kyphotic or lordotic.
Spinal degeneration has to be substantial before there is bony occlusion of the nerve root pathways.
Spinal discs are made of soft tissue and are placed between each of the bony vertebrae.
Spinal discs break down with age, becoming dry, brittle, and less resilient.
Spinal discs have no direct blood supply.
Spinal disease is the leading cause and cost of workers' disability.
Spinal disks are small, round cushions between the vertebrae of the spinal column.
Spinal disorders comprise a large variety of conditions which deserve specialized, extended study.
Spinal fluid bathes the spinal cord.
Spinal fluid fills the inside.
Spinal fluid is abnormal.
Spinal fluid is analyzed to determine if infection or bleeding is present in the brain.
Spinal fluid is humour
Spinal fluid is liquids.
Spinal fluid is mixture.
Spinal fluid is obtained from the subarachnoid space which is a shallow space.
Spinal fluid is organic matter.
Spinal fluid is part of spinal cord.
Spinal fluid is part of ventricles.
Spinal fluid is removed.
Spinal fluid surrounds the brain, spinal cord and nerves.
Spinal form is rare.
Spinal fractures are the most common and earliest occurring fracture among postmenopausal women.
Spinal fractures are the most common osteoporosis-related fracture.
Spinal fractures are the most common site for compression fractures to occur.
Spinal fractures can cause excruciating back pain for many years before they are even diagnosed.
Spinal fractures can cause stooped posture, collapse of the vertebrae, chronic pain and disability.
Spinal fractures can occur in traumatic injuries or degenerative changes.
Spinal fractures cause stooped posture, loss of height, and chronic back pain.
Spinal fractures distort the skeletal anatomy and collapse truncal height.
Spinal fractures result in such irreversible changes as loss of height and stooped posture.
Many spinal fractures benefit by chiropractic management while the fracture is healing.
Spinal fusion does tend to place increased stress on the adjacent vertebral segments.
Spinal fusion is a correction
Spinal fusion is an operation that creates a solid union between two or more vertebrae.
Spinal fusion is indicated for certain specific conditions.
Spinal fusion is the surgical joining of one vertebral body to another.
Spinal fusion is the treatment for postoperative instability.
Spinal hematomas are rare complications of spinal or epidural anesthesia.
Spinal implants are an essential tool used to stabilize the spine while the vertebrae fuse.
Spinal infection can lead to compression fractures and deformity of the back.
Spinal injections are outpatient procedures.
Spinal injuries are especially common with activities like surfing, body surfing, and body boarding.
Spinal injuries are important, costly, and amenable to prevention and intervention.
Spinal injury is a physical problem and no mental impairment results from it.
Most spinal injuries are the result of accidents.
Spinal involvement is unusual.
Spinal lesions can cause neurological symptoms secondary to cord compression.
Spinal maintenance is the key to optimum body potential.
Spinal manipulation dates back ages ago practiced in one form or another in most cultures.
Spinal manipulation helps to improve postural an kinesthetic awareness.
Spinal manipulation is as much an art as it is a clinical science.
Spinal manipulation is as old as man, but has always attempted to rid man from symptomatic distress.
Spinal manipulation is clinically useful in treating chronic back pain.
Spinal manipulation is effective in relieving infantile colic.
Spinal manipulation is of benefit to some patients with acute low-back pain.
Spinal manipulation is often effective treatment for acute lower back trouble in adults.
Spinal manipulation is one of the most effective treatments for acute adult low back pain.
Spinal manipulation is performed by chiropractors.
Spinal manipulation is the application of force by hand to selected joints of the spine.
Spinal manipulation is the most common form of manipulation.
Spinal manipulation is within the scope of practice of physiotherapists.
Spinal manipulation is, in fact, perhaps the safest health care procedure in recorded history.
Spinal meninges are tough tubes of tissue which protect the chord.
Spinal meninges Provide protection to the spinal cord.
Spinal meningiomas are intradural extramedullary masses.
Spinal metastasis is common in cancer patients.
Spinal mobility involves movement of the motion segment.
Spinal mobilization is a very safe and helpful procedure for realigning a misplaced vertebra.
Spinal motoneurons have hundreds of synaptic inputs.
Spinal movement is restricted severly and pain is relieved by rest.
Spinal movements consist of flexion-extension, axial rotation, and lateral flexion.
Spinal muscles are among the most important muscles of the body.
Spinal myelography helps to contrast the spinal cord when looking for mass lesions.
Spinal needle is removed.
All spinal needles have a stylet.
A spinal nerve is a nerve
Spinal nerves are all mixed.
Spinal nerves are nerves of spinal cord.
Spinal nerves are nerves.
Spinal nerves arise from the spaces between adjoining vertebrae of the spinal cord.
Spinal nerves carry impulses to and from the spinal cord.
Spinal nerves connect the brain with the nerves in most parts of the body.
Spinal nerves coordinate the actions of the bladder and the sphincter.
Spinal nerves innervate the entire body and contain both sensory and motor neurons.
Spinal nerves take their origins from the spinal cord.
All spinal nerves are mixed nerve.
Spinal neurofibroma are rare tumors of the cord or nerve roots.
Most spinal operations require general anesthesia.
Some spinal operations are simply unsuccessful.
Spinal osteoporosis is eight times more likely to afflict women than men.
Spinal pain becomes more intense.
Spinal pain can occur due to a trauma in the form of a spinal fracture.
Spinal pain is a common problem in western societies and has been described by some as an epidemic.
Most spinal patients have a history of muscular dysbalance.
Spinal precautions are also mandatory.
Many spinal problems cause postural changes.
Many spinal problems seen in adults begin in childhood.
Many spinal problems take years to develop.
Spinal roots follow a path from the chord to the periphery.
Spinal rotation swings the arms bilaterally to counterbalance rotation of the pelvis and swing leg.
Spinal shock is the trauma resulting from a break or breaks in the spinal column.
Spinal spread is very rare.
Spinal stenosis can also cause compressive type pain.
Spinal stenosis can be difficult to treat definitively without surgery.
Spinal stenosis can cause a wide variety of symptoms throughout the body.
Spinal stenosis is a disease affecting the nerves exiting the spinal canal.
Spinal stenosis is a narrowing of the canal in the vertebrae that surround the spinal cord.
Spinal stenosis is a narrowing of the spinal canal that produces compression of the neural elements.
Spinal stenosis is an often overlooked cause of back and leg pain.
Spinal stenosis is most often the result of the progressive wear and tear associated with age.
Spinal stenosis is stenosis.
Spinal stenosis is the thickening of bone around the spinal canal.
Spinal stenosis occurs in middle-aged or elderly people.
Spinal stenosis occurs when the spinal canal or nerve root canals become too narrow.
Spinal subluxations are important.
Spinal subluxations can and do effect the digestion, liver, nerves and glands.
Spinal surgery is effective at managing and often resolving certain spinal conditions.
Spinal surgery is effective if the surgery is done technically well for the right diagnosis.
Spinal surgery is major surgery.
Spinal surgery is obviously a serious undertaking.
Spinal surgery is rather invasive jump.
Spinal surgery presents even more problems.
Spinal surgery risks death, paralysis, permanent posture disfigurement and crippling pain.
Most spinal surgery takes from one to five hours.
Some spinal surgery is caused by accidents.
Spinal symptoms are rare initially but often appear years later.
A spinal tap is a puncture
Spinal tap involves inserting a needle and retrieving spinal fluid for laboratory analysis.
Spinal tap is done.
Spinal tap See lumbar puncture.
Spinal taps are safe procedures for babies.
Spinal taps can be very painful and lead to serious complications.
Spinal taps drain some of the fluid, but within a day that pressure starts to build again.
Spinal traction is used to distract joint surfaces and stretch soft tissues.
Spinal trauma can result from such things as falls and car or sports accidents.
Spinal trauma is a common cause of spinal cord dysfunction in dogs and cats.
Spinal tumor is much less common than primary brain tumor .
Spinal tumors are abnormal growths.
Spinal tumors are usually meningiomas or neurofibromas.
Spinal tumors caused by lung cancer are more aggressive.
Most spinal tumors are extradural.
Spinal vasopressin modulates the reflex cardiovascular response to static contraction.
Spinal vertebrae have delicate membranes.
Spinal vertebrae have membranes.
Most spinal vertebrae have delicate membranes.
Most spinal vertebrae have membranes.
Spinal is regional anaesthesia
Spinals differ from epidurals in that no catheter is used, so the medication can be given only once.
Spindle apparatus attaches tho chromosomes.
Spindle apparatus disappears.
Spindle apparatus dissolves.
Spindle apparatus is made of microtubules.
Spindle cells are also like long thin cells that are mixed in with the muscle cells.
Spindle cells are dominant but there are also infiltrating inflammatory cells and vascular elements.
Spindle cells having eosinophilic cytoplasm resemble ordinary smooth muscle cells.
Spindle fibers are composed of microtubules.
Spindle fibers are like fishing poles, catching and reeling in chromosomes.
Spindle fibers are protein structures that form early in mitosis, or cell division.
Spindle fibers attach on each side chromosome pair.
Spindle fibers attach to the centromere region of each homologous chromosome pair.
Spindle fibers attach to the chromosomes and pull sister chromatids apart.
Spindle fibers continue to shorten, pulling chromatids to opposite poles.
Spindle fibers develop and attach to centromeres.
Spindle fibers disappear.
Spindle fibers disperse.
Spindle fibers form a bridge between the ends of the cell.
Spindle fibers form and the chromosomes begin to align.
Spindle fibers help separate the chromosomes.
Spindle fibers run from the centromeres to the poles.
Some spindle fibers attach to the other spindle fibers from the opposite pole.
Spindle microtubules disappear.
Spindle microtubules elongate by the adding tubulin subunits at one end.
Spindle microtubules form from the centrosomes, which have moved to the poles.
Spindle microtubules grow from structures within the cytoplasm called centrosomes.
Spindle motor runs fine.
Spindle motors are the major motors on a machine tool, drive the spindle shafts.
Spindle orientation is also flexible in the hexapod design.
Spindle speed is another factor.
Spindle speed is contolled by varying the geometry of the drive train.
Spindle speeds are infinitely variable, even while cutting.
A spindle tree is a bush
Spindle tree is one of the larger types of euonymus.
A spindle is a shaft
Spindle drives use current mode or invertors.
Spindle indicates honour of tribe, community and the sweetness and delight of a sudden revelation.
Spindle isa fiber.
Spindle isa fibre.
Spindle runs in double taper roller bearings and a pair of ball bearings.
Spindle work around detailing.
Spindles almost radial, but showing slight dexiotropic rotation.
Spindles are chaotic and the DNA is scattered throughout the meiotic cell.
Spindles are complete.
Spindles are fiber.
Spindles are greaseable from the top side without removing belt shields.
Spindles are greaseable from top side without removing the belt shields.
Spindles are part of drives.
Spindles are pieces.
Spindles are sticks.
Spindles are stronger than original units.
Spindles can run on either air or mechanical bearings.
Spindles feature large, wide splines to maintain ski alignment better than competitive designs.
Spindles form in preparation for cell division.
Spindles formed in extracts containing CSF are stable for hours.
Spindles grow sinuous bulbs in the middle.
All spindles are graded and inspected for re-use.
All spindles are liquid chilled with two upper and two lower ceramic bearings for a precise cut.
Every spindle is inspected and assembled in an environmentally controlled clean room.
Some spindles have poles.
Spindly growth is generally a sign of light deprivation.
Spindly plants will have roots.
A spindrift is spray
Spindrift seeks experimental bridges between spirituality and science.
Spine calcium is a trigger for synaptic plasticity.
Spine call is in rotation with the neurosurgeons.
Spine cars are just that, a metal beam with platforms on the ends of the cars.
Spine cars can usually carry both containers and trailers, but only single stack containers.
Spine cloth has some light mottled stains.
Spine damage is common to pulps.
Spine damage leads to a rusty-brown discoloration and pathological problems.
Spine fractures are a frequent cause of neck pain.
Spine fractures cause stooped posture and backbone deformities.
Spine fractures have many causes such as falls, car accidents and direct blows.
All spine hardware is designed to stabilize the spine until a bony fusion can form.
Spine health is an essential part of staying healthy.
Spine injuries can involve the vertebrae or the spinal cord, or both.
Spine length is normal, but kyphoscoliosis is present.
Spine lines run together to form a narrow saddle.
Spine marking is very uneven.
Spine researchers believe that prolonged sitting leads to disc injury.
Spine researchers seek recipe for regeneration.
Spine soldier bugs feed on insects.
Spine sticklebacks have appearances.
Most spine sticklebacks have appearances.
Spine surgery is hard work.
Spine surgery is performed either by an orthopedic surgeon or a neurosurgeon .
Spine surgery is performed to free entrapped nerves, correct deformity and restore spinal stability.
Spine surgery represents another area of strength.
Spine title is faded.
Spine urchins have spines.
Most spine urchins have spines.
A spine is a skeletal structure
Spine isa body part.
Spines also come in handy for burrowing and trapping food.
Spines also help to reduce heat load, and dissipate heat.
Spines are able to swivel towards a predator because they are connected to muscles.
Spines are absent on the stem.
Spines are also to be removed carefully.
Spines are always short and stubby and are rather uniform in structure.
Spines are an essential element in cortical circuits and are still poorly understood.
Spines are bones.
Spines are connected by membranes.
Spines are found along the edges of leaves near the base and at the tips of some of the lobes.
Spines are found in a wide range of animals both vertebrate and invertebrate.
Spines are generally stiff, sharp and unsegmented.
Spines are great for building confidence because they increase the rider's distance and air time.
Spines are included in the shark anatomy as a form of protection.
Spines are long and slender, and often have spatulate tips.
Spines are modified leaves, and thorns are modified stems.
Spines are modified leaves.
Spines are on the vental surface.
Spines are part of backs.
Spines are part of bodies.
Spines are part of books.
Spines are part of endoskeletons.
Spines are part of human bodies.
Spines are part of skeletons.
Spines are poisonous and cause severe nettling when brought in contact with skin.
Spines are present on juvenile leaves, however, they are lost when the plant matures.
Spines are present.
Spines are processes.
Spines are red when fruits are immature and have short, backwards pointing barbs at their tips.
Spines are reddish, turning gray with maturity.
Spines are reduced leaves with a small surface area and a pointed end.
Spines are removed during the preparation of herbal remedy.
Spines are robust usually with a spine near the margin of each interfascicle.
Spines are specialized structures at synapses.
Spines are stout and stiff, contrasting with the slender, springy spines of quadrupedal monkeys.
Spines are straight or slightly curved, never hooked as in many mammillarias.
Spines are the first line of physical defense for a sea urchin.
Spines are thick and short.
Spines are unbranched, short, and stout.
Spines are used for protection against predators and for communication.
Spines are usually yellow with black tips, but can be entirely yellow.
Spines are where important connections between neurons are made.
Spines are white and numerous.
Spines are white, gray, purple, and pink, and are flat on top or nearly round.
Spines are yellow or brownish, enclosed in white papery sheath.
Spines become needles for sewing, or interesting pieces in the creation of jewelery.
Spines can be short, long, soft, or sharp.
Spines can be soft or rigid, straight or curved, arranged in rows or scattered.
Spines can be straight or have hooked tips.
Spines can be very light gray to red and yellow but darken to black with age.
Spines can move in a wide range of directions by contraction of muscles.
Spines cause painful stinging if they penetrate human skin.
Spines Click to Enlarge Another way to show the dangers of poor lifting technique.
Spines closely cover the test and are reddish, usually with violet points and white bosses.
Spines completely obscure the stem.
Spines cover backs.
Spines cut horizontally through the caudal aspect of the fifth cervical vertebral body.
Spines facilitate dispersals.
Spines form intercellular bridges.
Spines further keep grazing herbivores from nibbling the heads from above.
Spines get nourishment through motion.
Spines grayish to reddish, in dense clusters along ribs.
Spines grow in clusters out of small lumps or mounds, called areoles, on the stem.
Spines grow on the stem in clusters called areoles.
Spines grow on the stem in clusters out of small lumps or mounds, called areoles.
Spines grow out of spinal vertebrae.
Spines grow out of vertebrae.
Spines harden soon after birth.
Spines have (part) bone cells.
Spines have (part) corpi.
Spines have (part) ground substances.
Spines have (part) marrow.
Spines have (part) mast cells.
Spines have (part) tail bones.
Spines have bases.
Spines have shapes.
Spines have the added advantage of making the organism harder to eat.
Spines have tissue.
Spines have to be as important as teeth.
Spines have vascular tissue.
Spines have vertebrae.
Spines help the kapok tree, too.
Spines help to protect it from predators.
Spines help to reflect light away from the cactus stem theoretically lowering the stem temperature.
Spines inflict painful sting followed by swelling.
Spines make an effective barrier and plants produce loads of healthy orange hips in fall.
Spines produce puncture wounds .
Spines produce puncture wounds and can stay in skin.
Spines protect a hedgehog from predators and also cushion the animal if it falls out of a tree.
Spines protect bellies.
Spines protect the plant from animals, shade it from the sun and also collect moisture.
Spines protect the plant from animals, shade the plant from the sun and also collect moisture.
Spines protect urchins.
Spines protect vertebral column.
Spines serve functions.
Spines serve important functions.
Spines show signs of wear, with vertical cracks and leather labels peeling.
Spines sl faded ow the set is in fine condition.
Spines undergo morphological changes in vivo .
Spines usually light colored with black setae at tips.
Spines usually produce puncture wounds.
All spines have curves.
More spines form when a neuron receives insufficient levels of activation.
Most spines are connected by membranes.
Most spines are part of endoskeletons.
Most spines cover backs.
Most spines facilitate dispersals.
Most spines grow out of spinal vertebrae.
Most spines grow out of vertebrae.
Most spines have bases.
Most spines have shapes.
Most spines have tissue.
Most spines have vascular tissue.
Most spines have vertebrae.
Most spines protect bellies.
Most spines protect urchins.
Most spines serve functions.
Most spines serve important functions.
Some spines are a golden brown color and some are black.
Some spines are located in sharks.
Some spines consist of keratin.
Some spines deter animals.
Some spines deter graze animals.
Some spines emerge from dorsal surfaces.
Some spines emerge from surfaces.
Some spines have grooves.
Some spines have posterior sides.
Some spines have sides.
Some spines have spines.
Some spines inflict injuries.
Some spines inflict severe injuries.
Some spines move from sides.
Some spines penetrate human skin.
Some spines penetrate skin.
Some spines pierce flesh.
Some spines point toward regions.
Some spines provide effective protection.
Some spines provide protection.
Some spines run along dorsal sides.
Some spines run along sides.
A spinel is a mineral
Spinel is a crystal of magnesium aluminum oxide.
Spinel is a hard, tough stone and perfectly suited to daily wear.
Spinel is a man-made mineral formed by the reaction of the oxides of the aluminum and magnesium.
Spinel is a very hard semi-precious stone composed of octahedral crystals.
Spinel is almost a secret among gem lovers.
Spinel is also laboratory synthesized.
Spinel is beautiful, durable and comes in many colors.
Spinel is ranked just below corundum in hardness while magnetite and hematite are much softer.
Spinel occurs in all colors, often in subdued hues or with a slightly grayish overcast.
Spinel occurs in irregular grains that appear to fit in among the olivines.
Spinel ranges in color from red to black to yellow, frequently resembling rubies .
Spinel twinning is possible forming flattened crystals.
Spinels are a cool class of magnetic materials.
Spinels are minerals.
Spinels are very important for geothermometry and rock magnetism.
Spineless species are much more suited for indoor cultivation.
Spineless yucca is very similar in production to Dracaenas .
Spingarn student gets intimate with science.
Spinlin soils have secondary carbonates in their profiles.
Spinnaker sheet turning blocks are slightly forward of the transom.
A spinnaker is a sail
Spinnakers are symmetrical full-bellied sails of nylon fabric hoisted on Dacron halyards.
Spinnakers can do it too if they are presented merely as bluff bodies.
Spinnakers vary widely in shape.
Spinner dolphins are known for their acrobatics and aerial behaviors.
Spinner dolphins are mammals.
Spinner dolphins are nocturnal animals that are only found in the wild.
Spinner dolphins are polygynandrous.
Spinner dolphins are quite friendly and they love to travel in large groups known as pods.
Spinner dolphins are six to seven feet long and have a three part color pattern on their bodies.
Spinner dolphins are small cetaceans with a slim build.
Spinner dolphins are the acrobats of the ocean.
Spinner dolphins can offer hours of fun.
Spinner dolphins eat fish.
Spinner dolphins feed in groups at night by using various forms of communication.
Spinner dolphins feed on small fish and squid, often several hundred feet down.
Spinner dolphins leap in what appears to be a magnificent display of exuberance.
Spinner dolphins live in ocean water.
Spinner dolphins live in warm ocean water.
Spinner dolphins live in warm water.
Spinner dolphins live in water.
Spinner dolphins prowl the Midway lagoon.
Spinner dolphins rest in shallow waters, usually inlets.
Most spinner dolphins are found in the blue water habitat of tropical oceans.
Most spinner dolphins eat fish.
Most spinner dolphins live in ocean water.
Most spinner dolphins live in warm ocean water.
Most spinner dolphins live in warm water.
Most spinner dolphins live in water.
Some spinner dolphins feed at nights.
Spinner sharks are large and slender and have a pointed snout.
Spinner sharks are viviparous and have a yolk sac placenta.
Spinner sharks feed on fish.
Spinner sharks have a wide range and make seasonal migrations.
Spinner sharks have no interdorsal ridge.
Spinner sharks live at the surface and in shallows, and they migrate along the coasts.
Most spinner sharks feed on fish.
A spinner is a maker
Spinner appears to be serviceable.
Spinner fits the mold perfectly of a super athlete under center.
Spinner indicates jobs.
Spinner is fast and light on computer resources.
Spinner is free.
Spinner isa maker.
Spinner offers many selections to listen.
Spinner subscribes to the philosophy that winning is, indeed, the only thing.
Spinners also find llamas companionable sources of fine fiber.
Spinners are almost invisible at times.
Spinners are also a practical possibility from many rocky shore marks.
Spinners are also effective.
Spinners are always happy to help new spinners learn the craft.
Spinners are an easy meal for trout.
Spinners are available in white, black, and some colors, as well as with a polished aluminum finish.
Spinners are easy targets and quickly killed off.
Spinners are effective here in the winter.
Spinners are good in low water.
Spinners are makers.
Spinners are often one of the best choices.
Spinners are often very effective when fished properly.
Spinners are one of the most productive flies on large rivers with good hatches.
Spinners are one of the two major species which die by the millions in the tuna purse seine nets.
Spinners are polished aluminum.
Spinners are wild.
Spinners can remain effective until the temps dip below sixty degrees.
Spinners can use it as a drop spindle, high whorl, leg or support spindle.
Spinners come in one and two blade styles.
Spinners die usually shortly after mating, usually within a couple of hours.
Spinners fall toward evening, sometimes mixing with duns.
Spinners feed mainly at night in deeper waters, and rest during the day.
Spinners give best results when measuring medium to high fluid rates.
Spinners have (part) arms.
Spinners have (part) body substances.
Spinners have (part) cell membranes.
Spinners have (part) cells.
Spinners have (part) corpi.
Spinners have (part) cytoplasm.
Spinners have (part) heads.
Spinners have (part) human bodies.
Spinners have (part) legs.
Spinners have (part) material bodies.
Spinners have (part) necks.
Spinners have (part) nuclei.
Spinners have (part) personality.
Spinners have (part) plasma membranes.
Spinners have (part) sections.
Spinners have (part) vacuoles.
Spinners have black lips.
Spinners have clear wings.
Spinners lack quality.
Spinners live in close contact with each other, traveling together almost on each other's backs.
Spinners now respond to the up and down arrow keys on the keyboard.
Spinners simply spin in circles.
Spinners sit in a racing position, leaning forward towards the handlebars.
Spinners spend their daylight hours in coastal waters, generally in calm bays.
All spinners produce sonic vibrations under water.
Most spinners begin with wool.
Most spinners card their wool.
Most spinners lack quality.
Some spinners join forces.
A spinney is a thicket
Spinney suggests that frozen treats be on the menu, to keep that island feel.
Spinning programs do require that specially designed bikes be available for use by the participant.
Spinning propellers are almost invisible and highly dangerous.
Spinning tackle can be very effective for peacock bass fishing.
Spinning tackle is easier, but baitcasting is more precise.
Spinning tackle is much more forgiving.
Spinning tackle is optional.
Spinning tackle is preferred by most surf anglers.
Spinning theories is easy, hacking reality is hard.
Spinnings are fashioning.
Spinnings are handicrafts.
Spinnings are manufacturing.
Spinocerebellar ataxia is the most common hereditary ataxia.
Spinocerebellar fibers are involved to a lesser extent.
Spinous processes are prominent.
Spinous processes are smooth and rounded and one can feel individual processes only with pressure.
Spinous processes run horizontally.
A spinster is an unmarried woman
Spinsters are unmarried women.
Spinsters can talk of the exploitation of women by the media, etc.
Spinsters is an old-fashioned word for women who never marry.
Spinsters use the yarn to make clothes like a tailor, seamster, seamstress.
A spinsterhood is marital status
Spinsterhood is where it's at, baby.
A spiny anteater is a mammal
Spiny anteaters lay a single egg in a temporary protective pouch on the mother's belly.
Some spiny anteaters have fur.
Some spiny anteaters have pouches.
Some spiny anteaters have thick fur.
Spiny armour is the main reason for their survival.
Spiny aster occurs along the main drainageways and along roads.
Spiny bracts subtend the base of the flower.
Spiny bush vipers prefer rainforests that offer plenty of flowering bushes.
Spiny cocklebur is an annual plant found in highly disturbed habitats and farm areas.
Spiny cocklebur is an annual plant that blooms in summer.
Spiny cocklebur is found in open and disturbed waste places.
Spiny cocklebur reproduces by seed.
A spiny dogfish is a dogfish
Spiny dogfish are benthopelagic , meaning that they are found just above the bottom of the ocean .
Spiny dogfish are benthopelagic, meaning that they are found just above the bottom of the ocean.
Spiny dogfish can be fairly common, too.
Spiny dogfishes have two spines, one in front of each dorsal fin, and lack an anal fin.
Spiny dogfishes migrate seasonally, preferring water within a certain temperature range.
Spiny dogfishs are fish.
Spiny flatheads are of no commercial use.
Spiny hedgehogs have appearances.
Spiny hedgehogs have unique appearances.
Most spiny hedgehogs have appearances.
Most spiny hedgehogs have unique appearances.
Some spiny leaves have areas.
Some spiny leaves have small areas.
Some spiny leaves have small surface areas.
Some spiny leaves have surface areas.
A spiny lizard is a lizard
Spiny lizards are omnivores.
Spiny lizards are usually grey or brown and all have keeled, pointed, overlapping scales.
A spiny lobster is a lobster
Spiny lobsters are a claw-less species of lobster that come from warm Caribbean waters.
Spiny lobsters are crustaceans.
Spiny lobsters are food for octopi.
Spiny lobsters are lobsters.
Spiny lobsters are part of spiny lobsters.
Spiny lobsters are shellfishs.
Spiny lobsters have mandibles.
Spiny lobsters have no claws and carry a spine studded shell.
Spiny lobsters have strong mandibles.
Spiny lobsters have tails.
Spiny lobsters hear only at close range using sensory hairs.
Spiny lobsters inhabit habitats.
Spiny lobsters migrate in a single file line.
Spiny lobsters show indeterminate growth during their lives.
Spiny lobsters start life in a cluster of thousands of eggs beneath the tail of the female.
Spiny lobsters vary in color.
Most spiny lobsters have mandibles.
Most spiny lobsters have strong mandibles.
Most spiny lobsters have tails.
Most spiny lobsters inhabit habitats.
Some spiny lobsters lack claws.
Some spiny lobsters show preference.
Spiny mice are generally easy to tame.
Spiny mice are generally very social in the wild.
Spiny mice are mature at the age of seven weeks and they are fully grown at one hundred fifty days.
Spiny mice are small mammals with bare , scaled tails .
Spiny mice are small mammals with bare, scaled tails.
Spiny mice love to live in groups.
Spiny oyster arrowhead with red branch coral offering.
Spiny rats are rodents.
Spiny rats have short, spiny bristles for hair, which discourages predators.
Spiny rats inhabit forests or clearings, often near water.
Most spiny rats die when exposed to heat and dryness.
Spiny trees rise behind a silver barn on the grassy hill.
A spiracle is an orifice
Spiracle isa body part.
Spiracles are an insect's breathing pores.
Spiracles are attached to the tube called trachea.
Spiracles are black, and each is enclosed by a white margin.
Spiracles are external openings of the tracheal system.
Spiracles are holes in body wall that let air into tracheal tubes.
Spiracles are located on the abdomen and thorax.
Spiracles are located on the bug's side.
Spiracles are openings to the tracheae.
Spiracles are orifices.
Spiracles are present posterior to the eyes.
Spiracles are red to orange.
Spiracles are reduced or missing in active pelagic sharks.
Spiracles cribriform with C-shaped peritremes.
Spiracles cribriform, inconspicuous.
Spiracles cribriform, lacking closing apparatus, concavities of respiratory plates oriented ventrad.
Spiracles cribriform, with closing apparatus.
Spiracles have (part) corpi.
Spiracles have tracheae.
Spiracles have tubules.
Spiracles run along the sides of all insects and are the holes through which they breathe.
Spiracles send air to numerous tracheae.
Spiracles often orange.
Most spiracles have tracheae.
Most spiracles have tubules.
Some spiracles are behind eyes.
Some spiracles are closed by valves.
Spiral antennas are inexpensive, low-profile, wideband radiators.
Spiral arms are astronomical objects.
Spiral arms are due to density waves traveling through the galaxy.
Spiral arms are like compression waves which move through the disk of our Galaxy .
Spiral arms are more challenging because of their low contrast.
Spiral arms are often sites of star formation.
Spiral arms are sites of star formation and are rich in interstellar matter.
Spiral arms extend in a counter-clockwise rotation to the north and east.
Spiral arms result from waves of star formation going through the disk of the galaxy.
Spiral arms wind tighter and spirals become more spiral the further into the cleft one zooms.
Most spiral bacteria infect animals.
Some spiral bacteria cause diseases.
Some spiral bacteria cause severe diseases.
Some spiral bacteria find in stomachs.
Spiral bacteria infect animals.
Spiral bands propagate and exist over the land area.
Spiral binding can be helpful as well.
Spiral binding is acceptable.
Spiral binding is adequate.
Spiral binding is hard, black plastic with a spine.
Spiral binding is plastic and is available in a rainbow of colors, including neons and metallics.
Spiral bindings are available in black and maroon.
Spiral bindings are located in annual reports.
Spiral bindings are located in books.
Spiral bindings are located in notebooks.
Spiral bindings are located in reports.
Spiral bindings are nice but significantly add to the catalog costs.
Spiral bindings are used for address books.
Spiral bindings are used for calendars.
Spiral bindings are used for flexibility.
Spiral bindings are used for notebooks.
Spiral bindings are used for photo albums.
Spiral bindings are used for recipe books.
Spiral bindings are used for reports.
Spiral bindings are used for schools.
Spiral bound includes a colorful group image from the web site opening splash page.
Spiral cleavage can be determinate - if cells are separated they form a partial embryo.
Spiral cleavage produces a trochophore larva.
Spiral comb binding allows the stacon over to open flat for use.
Spiral curls mark the edge of the hairline over the temples.
Spiral curves are desirable to accomplish superelevation runoff.
Spiral development is the wave of the future.
Spiral duplications are also available.
Spiral escalators serve all floors.
Spiral flow is measured in inches.
Spiral flutes lift chips up and out of the hole.
Spiral galaxies abound in the universe, but spiral sunspots are definitely an unusual twist.
Spiral galaxies appear blue due to the large number of young stars.
Spiral galaxies appear to be flat when viewed on their edge.
Spiral galaxies are complex X-ray sources.
Spiral galaxies are disc shaped galaxies that have distinct spiral arms.
Spiral galaxies are disk-shaped like our own Milky Way.
Spiral galaxies are flat disc-shaped collections of stars with prominent spiral arms.
Spiral galaxies are great collections of stars moving on nearly circular orbits with a disk.
Spiral galaxies are ones in which star formation is still occuring.
Spiral galaxies are other collections of stars that resemble our galaxy.
Spiral galaxies are rich in gas and dust.
Spiral galaxies are rich in the gas and dust needed to form new stars.
Spiral galaxies are the ones like our own Milky Way.
Spiral galaxies contain large amounts of dark matter.
Spiral galaxies contain large concentrations of gas and dust.
Spiral galaxies contain middle-aged stars along with clouds of dust and gas.
Spiral galaxies have a center of gravity or nucleus and spiral arms that rotate around the nucleus.
Spiral galaxies have a disk and a bulge, and spiral arms in the disk.
Spiral galaxies have a thin, pancake-shaped disk, with a spherical bulge at the center.
Spiral galaxies have gas and exhibit star formation.
Spiral galaxies have unmistakable characteristic features.
Spiral galaxies look like flat disks with bulges in their centers and beautiful spiral arms.
Spiral galaxies look like pinwheels.
Spiral galaxies make up about two-third of the galaxies in the universe.
Spiral galaxies make up over two-thirds of all known galaxies.
Spiral galaxies resemble spiraling pinwheels.
Spiral galaxies tend to contain more middle-aged stars along with clouds of gas and dust.
Spiral galaxy is a collection
Spiral galaxy is galaxy.
All spiral galaxies have a disk, with light enhanced along spiral arms.
All spiral galaxies seem to rotate too fast.
Many spiral galaxies have bars across their centers.
Many spiral galaxies have similar flat rotation curves.
Most spiral galaxies contain a single thin disk of stars.
Some spiral galaxies are visible.
Some spiral galaxies have big bulges and some have little ones.
Spiral ganglion is a sensory ganglion.
Spiral hairs are a common phenomenon and are especially found in middle aged men.
Spiral loom makes for tidy looking cables.
Spiral membranes require careful pre-filtration to avoid blocking if suspended solids are present.
A spiral nebula is a collection
Spiral nebulae are disk-shaped galaxies like our own.
Spiral organs consist of ducts.
Most spiral organs consist of ducts.
Spiral perms are also available.
All spiral pipe measures the even inch inside.
Spiral ribs run around the whorls.
Spiral seedpods develop after yellow flowers.
Some spiral shells protect small snails.
Some spiral shells protect snails.
Spiral stairs lead to a loft with a skylight and twin beds.
Spiral stairs lead to a loft-style bedroom.
Spiral stairs lead to a second floor and to techno bands and dancers in their teens.
Spiral stairs lead to the loft bedroom.
Spiral stairs lend style while saving space.
Spiral staircase accesses two bedroom second story.
Spiral staircase is significant in that it has no center support.
Spiral staircase leads to upstairs bedrooms.
Spiral staircases are nothing.
Spiral staircases are staircases.
Spiral staircases are stairways.
Spiral staircases area a no-no.
Spiral stairways are a definite no no.
Spiral stitch is complete and ready to be pulled tight.
Spiral structure becomes quite apparent as telescope aperture grows into double digits.
Any spiral syllabus recognises it.
Spiral technology offers increased scanning capability and diagnostic advantages.
Spiral technology prevents mis-registration of findings.
Spiral tomography is a very effective, safe and comfortable diagnostic modality.
Spiral tool draws spiral shaped bezier curves using default pen size and fill pattern.
Spiral tracers tend to be old luminous stars.
Spiral tracks show the paths of charged particles in a magnetic field.
Spiral trees have lights set in plastic tracks arranged in a spiral pattern.
Spiral twists decorate the points of the star.
Spiral valve is located in the intestines.
Spiral waves form in the water surface of the vortex.
Spiral wire binding, in a variety of matched colors, is available with short lead times.
Spiral wrap organizes cables into a single manageable bundle.
A spiral is a curve
Spiral isa shape.
Spirals are also a symbol of hypnosis .
Spirals are also a symbol of hypnosis.
Spirals are also extremely stable.
Spirals are common in plants and in some animals, notably molluscs .
Spirals are common to whorl patterns.
Spirals are curves.
Spirals are decoration.
Spirals are disk-like, with arms of young stars and gas winding out from the nucleus.
Spirals are even simpler.
Spirals are flat disks of stars with bright bulges in their centers.
Spirals are free software.
Spirals are inconsistent with the parallel stripes referred to above.
Spirals are located in japans.
Spirals are rotation.
Spirals are symbols for a holistic, balanced view of reality.
Spirals are the most common type of large galaxy.
Spirals are the symbol of energy, vitality and cyclic time.
Spirals grow laterally away from, rather than along, the axis with each revolution.
Spirals have a central bulge with a flattened disk, generally showing spiral arms.
Spirals have blue arms of bright blue stars and a red-yellow bulge of older stars.
Spirals have different characteristics for different parameters.
Spirals have disks with young stars, spiral arms, gas and dust.
Spirals have large amounts of gas dust in the arms with the arms revolving as rigid bodies.
Spirals have most of their bright stars, gas, and obscuring dust in a thin disk.
Spirals have no ears to interfere.
Spirals is a Celtic spiral dingbat font.
Spirals look great as spinning saucers whirl through the sky.
Spirals mark the shoulder and hip and inverted hearts the ears.
Spirals plugin tool Creates triangular spirals.
Spirals possess copious amounts of gas and also young stars, in contrast to the ellipticals.
Spirals seem to be associated with the patchy X-ray emission.
Spirals spin our from the middle. .
Spirals stand for the struggle to maintain balance between out consciousness and outer self.
Spirals start from the inside and work outwards.
Spirals still give birth to new stars.
Spirals tend to have less of a range, with typically one to a hundred billion stars.
Spirals winding direction Spirals winding doesn t have a strictly determined direction.
Spiraled growth makes a strong accent in a trough garden, raised bed or bonsai.
Spiralings are spinnings.
Spiralled stairway leads to stateroom lower deck.
A spire is a tower
Spire is a significant player in downtown Houston.
Spire is much more than a supplier of manufacturing equipment.
Spire isa tower.
Spire offers both digital printing and traditional print solutions.
Spire recommends standard systems designs for PV applications.
Spires also speaks at national and international conferences on environmental-business issues.
Spires are located in churchs.
Spires are the new featured item in the terrain section.
Spires can become an unrestricted free agent after next season.
Spires comes in both a red and a white, but the red is the pick.
Spires have (part) bases.
Spires have (part) sections.
Spires however is better for the older publications.
Spires is the more likely of the two to garner a look from teams.
A spirea is an astilbe
Spirea are medium-sized shrubs with white to pink blossoms.
Spirea is a carefree shrub.
Spirea is a durable and familiar shrub.
Spirea is a popular shrub that blooms in spring and requires very little care and maintenance.
Spireas are astilbes.
Spireas are shrubs.
Spirian employees have the time, resources and authority to do things right the first time.
A spirillum is a bacteria
Spirilla are often motile by means of flagella.
Spirillum serpens Of morphological interest.
Spirit animals are of high spiritual importance in some Native American cultures.
Spirit communication is mind to mind.
Spirit guides are beings who communicate through channels to help humans on their path in life.
Spirit guides are helpful in any situation.
Spirit Island is in the lower right.
Spirit Lake is close to shopping, medical facilities, restaurants, theaters and more.
Spirit Lake is county seat of Dickinson County Iowa.
Spirit Lake is in middle right.
Spirit lake is located on top of the mountain and is half frozen.
Spirit men can neither grow nor resurrect apart from their physical body.
Spirit mediums can be male or female.
Spirit of life is the nature of man.
Spirit of place develops slowly.
Spirit possession is a reality for some.
Spirit possession is a remarkably common phenomenon attested in cultures throughout the world.
Spirit possession is an age old condition, a notion at least as old as written history.
Spirit possession is as old as history.
Spirit War is compatible with many mods and game types.
Spirit weeks occur the week there is a sports assembly most of the time.
Spirit wings are just spicy enough and tender.
A spirit world is imagination
Spirit world is like the second page.
Spirit world is one nation.
Spirit world is the world where everything communicates.
Spirit world is very active in many different ways.
Spirit worship is practiced and the family unit is very strong.
Spirit worship is practised and the family unit is very strong.
Spirit animates things.
Spirit begins to works with the body and movement begins to works with the measure.
Spirit endows matter with dynamic conscious life.
Spirit entails self-awareness and so marvel, question, and awe.
Spirit evolves through form and out of form.
Spirit exercises complete control over consciousness by providing it with light of effulgence.
Spirit exist about whatever racquetball equipment.
Spirit fusses about the greed which is behind the sales of fear.
Spirit gives place to move, to grow, to become.
Spirit guides channel healing energies through the medium into the body of the patient.
Spirit helps guide all life and working together consciously brings back life s innate balance.
Spirit indeed knows no limits.
Spirit infuses matter and from their union, life-forms come into being.
Spirit intellect more powerful than a genius.
Spirit interferes with matter and vice-versa.
Spirit is a cause
Spirit is alcoholic drinks.
Spirit is artificial satellites.
Spirit is atmospheres.
Spirit is capable of haunt houses.
Spirit is characters.
Spirit is ghosts.
Spirit is liquids.
Spirit is located in bars.
Spirit is located in graveyards.
Spirit is located in haunted houses.
Spirit is located in heaven.
Spirit is located in human being.
Spirit is located in mediums.
Spirit is mobs.
Spirit is used for breaking.
Spirit is used for drinking.
Spirit is used for haunting houses.
Spirit is used for healing.
Spirit is used for religion.
Spirit is used for special occasions.
Spirit isa entity.
Spirit lives in All actions.
Spirit lives in everyone's heart.
Spirit lives in stories.
Spirit lives in the humor that surfaces when adversity strikes.
Spirit loves diversity.
Spirit offers complete fabrication and construction of custom vehicles.
Spirit perceives things from a different perspective.
Spirit points to Charleston as an example.
Spirit separates from substance to give scope for evolution.
Spirit smile aboard lots youth however pull fly tying how tos.
Spirit soars after simplifying.
Spirit specializes in problem-solving.
Spirit strives to provide excellent service and the lowest prices.
Spirit takes priority over matter and is the truly real.
Spirit translates as wind.
Spirit waits with infinite patience.
Spirits acting as followers get to count twice.
Spirits also love water - as they are part of the collective unconscious which is the flow of water.
Spirits also supply diagnoses during the darkness of dream-time.
Spirits appear in private reunions.
Spirits are a real problem here.
Spirits are also available.
Spirits are also popular, especially during happy hour.
Spirits are also possible as guides.
Spirits are also, in many cases often unaware of invading somebody's aura.
Spirits are beings from outside of the world.
Spirits are down.
Spirits are equals, their expressions vary dependent which form it takes.
Spirits are even slower to metabolise than wine and beer.
Spirits are everywhere.
Spirits are expensive.
Spirits are four dimensional creatures and therefore are see-through and can pass through walls.
Spirits are generally optimistic.
Spirits are good among employees and the moderate number of customers.
Spirits are good, considering the circumstances.
Spirits are good.
Spirits are high .
Spirits are high and great camaraderie exists, which undoubtedly helps the chances.
Spirits are high and the Cape Town crew maintain a positive attitude.
Spirits are high and the feeling is everyone is unbelievably eager to get on with the task ahead.
Spirits are high and their excitement is catchy.
Spirits are high and there's a real feeling of hard work to every rehearsal.
Spirits are high as over a year of effort is near completion.
Spirits are high as the team presses strongly towards the conference championships.
Spirits are high as they set out to find colorful interview subjects.
Spirits are high as wizards and witches from around the world gather in Britain to attend the match.
Spirits are high at the campaign.
Spirits are high here, as is hope and even joy.
Spirits are high, facts are loose, and fun is had by all.
Spirits are high, food is plentiful and the music is upbeat.
Spirits are high, sobriety absent.
Spirits are high.
Spirits are individual supernatural beings with their own recognizable traits.
Spirits are intelligent, self-existent, organized matter and are governed by eternal laws.
Spirits are invisible.
Spirits are much easier - a standard pub measure of spirits equals one unit.
Spirits are no longer drinks for just the lower classes.
Spirits are prohibitively expensive in Papua New Guinea.
Spirits are standard gifts in return for hospitality.
Spirits are still quite easy to summon, but they are often malevolent or just strange.
Spirits are the heart and soul of a bar.
Spirits are the intelligent Beings of creation.
Spirits are up.
Spirits are uplifted in beautiful spring.
Spirits are usually drunk out of shot glasses .
Spirits are usually drunk out of shot glasses.
Spirits are very high.
Spirits are weird that way.
Spirits become visibly just what they had been in themselves in the world.
Spirits call, spirits rise.
Spirits can also refer to the supernatural world of ghosts.
Spirits can attach themselves to things.
Spirits can be benevolent or malevolent.
Spirits can be benevolent or mischievous, protecting or bringing harm to men, beasts, and crops.
Spirits can be helpful or vindictive, good or evil or something in between.
Spirits can do great physical harm that is true.
Spirits can get into dreams to teach, to deceive, to scare, to tempt people.
Spirits can move objects, ring doorbells, open or close doors, and manifest a physical appearance.
Spirits can only touch, In a world all of their own.
Spirits can take human form as well as non human form.
Spirits can tap into some places or people to obtain fatigue quickly.
Spirits cause illnesses by entering the body through the patient's food.
Spirits congregate to form clusters of meaning and new relationships for growth.
Spirits die first.
Spirits do nothing except animate the body to which they are attached.
Spirits exist and they play important roles both in individual lives and in human society.
Spirits fill the joint with spirit.
Spirits fly from cages free at last.
Spirits fly through stormy skies carrying gifts and lumps of coal.
Spirits follow words, and the doctrine of Rome is deceit and anathema to the Word.
Spirits go about at nights, in the daytime they turn into dew and rest in cupped leaves.
Spirits haunt lakes and well beaten paths.
Spirits have a wicked sense of humor.
Spirits have big international brands, which command higher sales and margins than wine can offer.
Spirits hold the systems together and hold people to their doctrines and systems.
Spirits increase mucus production.
Spirits is also available at the campus store.
Spirits is very cheap here.
Spirits join and then unify, in promise made of hopes to last.
Spirits know their identity by undergoing successive incarnations.
Spirits live insphered In regions mild, of calm and serene air.
Spirits lose their power when called by their true names.
Spirits reincarnate as many times as becomes necessary in order to achieve their own perfection.
Spirits remain high.
Spirits remain in the other fourteen.
Spirits require a certificate of age.
Spirits rise with the kite as it rides on high winds.
Spirits roam the halls freely, causing many visitors to faint or run the other way in terror.
Spirits run high as the preparations for the festivities begin much before the real action.
Spirits seem lighter because there have been few signs of real devastation.
Spirits sink, gradually and almost immeasurable at first, then more and more.
Spirits soar and improvements abound.
Spirits soar as the people celebrate the return of light.
Spirits stem from the invisible realms.
Spirits stick around for various reasons.
Spirits suffer anyway, each fall.
Spirits take from the full and bless the humble.
Spirits think very fast.
Spirits Visit the martini website.
Spirits whirl in, some blithe, some melancholy, in anticipation of the revels to come.
Spirit always costs money, or worse, blood.
Spirits often appear in mist-like forms.
Spirits often appear on film as globules.
Spirits sometimes communicate through rapping.
Spirits sometimes leave the bodies of their host even while they are alive.
Spirits usually contain about fifty per cent.
All spirit have their boundaries.
All spirit is matter, but it is more fine or pure, and can only be discerned by purer eyes.
All spirits are boundless.
All spirits are in adult form.
All spirits are on the earth and many in our body.
All spirits flow in ever-more complex groups toward spiritual connection.
All spirits have to ascend it is their destiny.
All spirits teach differently.
Every spirit builds itself a house.
Every spirit is unique.
Every spirit starts over with a clean record.
Many spirits are anxious to write.
Many spirits crave what they enjoyed on earth -such as food or drink.
Many spirits enjoy the smell and taste of ritually offered food and drink.
Some spirits are also very bad spellers.
Some spirits are benevolent, while others are malevolent.
Some spirits are higher in congeners than others.
Some spirits are protective and beneficial, others are potentially harmful.
Some spirits have trouble spelling words or creating sentences.
Some spirits like to lie.
Some spirits remain at or near the site of their death, especially if it was sudden and unexpected.
Some spirits stay on for no apparent reason.
Spirited bike rides in the country.
Spirited discussion is encouraged.
Spirited discussion is strongly encouraged, but be nice to each other.
Spirited elegance returns with a finale in something reminiscent of rondo form.
Spirited interaction is promised.
Spirited kids are physically sensitive to environmental factors.
Spirited kids love predictability.
Spirited leadership is about more than developing skills and competencies.
Spirited people live passionately and love deeply and laugh often.
A spiritism is introversion
Spiritism has a social function.
Spiritism has adepts in all social economical classes.
Spiritism is a philosophy.
Spiritism is a power for evil in Brazil, appealing to the emotions and offering physical healing.
Spiritism is a science based on observance of spirit's manifestation.
Spiritism is central in the African religions from which some of our students come.
Spiritism is dominant in their thinking regarding why things happen in the world.
Spiritism is, generally, rampant by having visits from spirits, counterfeit miracles, etc.
Spiritism teaches reincarnation or rebirth into human life after death.
Spiritisms are spiritualisms.
Spiritism often brings a patient to an early death.
Spiritless hands show no caress.
Spiritual abuse is always about the misuse of power and authority.
Spiritual abuse is an unfortunate reality in our generation.
Spiritual abuse occurs when spirituality is used to make others live up to a spiritual standard.
Spiritual abusers have a certain spiritual standard of performance they require.
Spiritual accommodation compromises our faith and puts the next generation in jeopardy.
Spiritual accommodation reaps a harvest of pain and disappointment in our lives.
Spiritual accommodation transforms warriors into wimps.
Spiritual accomplishments increase with added age.
Most spiritual accounts end with illumination or enlightenment.
Spiritual achievements are the consummation of holy aspirations.
Spiritual action leads to liberation from consciousness, from life and death.
Spiritual activities rank high among the volunteer opportunities and are very rewarding.
Spiritual activity is either a formality or a reality.
Spiritual activity is simply a pursuit of the infinite entity.
Spiritual adolescence consists in imagining that one is active when one is merely running around.
Spiritual adultery is committed when a believer becomes devoted to the things of the world.
Every spiritual advance needs to be accompanied by watchfulness and prayer.
Spiritual advice can be helpful.
Spiritual ambition is now but a shadow.
Spiritual amnesia is a dangerous condition, but it can be reversed.
Spiritual anointing produces spiritual insight.
Spiritual aridity is more than the lack of all sensible and spiritual consolations.
Spiritual armor is of a mental nature.
Spiritual arrogance is foreign to our nature and teaching.
Spiritual ascension is our destiny as individuals and for all of humanity.
Spiritual assistance is available for members of all faiths upon request.
Spiritual atheism is the exercise of the human spirit without the dynamics of the soul.
Spiritual authority is within.
Spiritual awakening is a process of organic growth rather than a sudden discontinuity with the past.
Spiritual awakening is possible any moment.
Spiritual awakening is truly the beginning of adulthood.
Spiritual awakenings are miracles.
Spiritual awareness breeds compassion for all living things.
Spiritual awareness has no opposite.
Spiritual awareness increases.
Spiritual awareness is the key to freedom.
Spiritual awareness is the only way that healing can occur.
Spiritual babes have an over exaggerated opinion of themselves and often show it.
Spiritual babies are attached to the relationship more than to doctrine.
Spiritual balance is important in order to create unique works.
Spiritual balance refers to a state of connectedness to self, community and a power beyond oneself.
Spiritual baptism has power.
Spiritual battles are just like natural battles.
Spiritual battles await.
Spiritual battles have their parallels in physical battles.
Spiritual battles take their toll, also.
Spiritual beauty is an attribute of all the saints, of anyone who has acquired virtue.
Spiritual beauty is love, understanding, caring, knowledge, and positive energy.
A spiritual being is a belief
Spiritual beings are also within our sphere of friendship.
Spiritual beings are the same way.
Spiritual beliefs are abundant, and often irrational and sacred to the believers.
Spiritual beliefs are many and vary greatly.
Spiritual beliefs are usually the major spur for a cult.
Spiritual beliefs continue to give meaning and direction to all activities in traditional cultures.
Spiritual beliefs demand professional attention.
All spiritual beliefs are equally valid.
Spiritual believers are responsible to restore fellow believers.
Spiritual benefits are harder to define.
Spiritual birth brings eternal life.
Spiritual birth is humanly impossible.
Spiritual blessings are heavenly blessings.
Spiritual blindness can often be a recurring thing.
Spiritual blindness causes hypocrisy.
Spiritual blindness is a terrible thing, a frightening thing.
Spiritual blindness is always the cause of spiritual deadness.
Spiritual blindness is cured through humility.
Spiritual blindness is universal.
Spiritual blindness leads to spiritual drunkenness.
Spiritual blindness leads to spiritual illiteracy.
Spiritual blindness leads to spiritual sleep.
Spiritual blood is thicker than physical blood.
Spiritual bodies are fit for the spiritual realm.
Spiritual bondages vary according to the cultures in which they work.
Spiritual breathing is prayer.
Spiritual bullies use the standard of self to measure others.
Spiritual capacity is at the top of the performance pyramid as a source of motivation and purpose.
Spiritual care is a dimension of care that is often central to healing.
Spiritual care is discussed in the section on individual needs .
Spiritual care is integral to patient care.
Spiritual care is more than just reception of the sacraments.
Spiritual care is part of hospice care.
Spiritual care is the core of care for the dying.
Spiritual care respects all traditions.
Spiritual causes require religious remedies.
Spiritual change happens at the quiet, whisper level.
Spiritual childhood is spiritual adulthood.
Spiritual chivalry is the path of good behavior and good character.
Spiritual circles worship through drumming.
Spiritual clarity has to do with wholeness, simplicity and sensitivity.
Spiritual cleanliness means having a healthy and harmonious spirit.
Spiritual commitment seems to be important.
Spiritual commitments are absolute until they are broken.
Spiritual communication is a commonly misunderstood subject for many people.
Spiritual communion is something that only experience can claim.
Spiritual communion takes place through prayer and meditation in the silence.
Spiritual compatibility implies a shared intensity of beliefs and the same degree of commitment.
Spiritual compatibility is as important as any other.
Spiritual comprehension is that the comprehending soul and idea that is comprehended join together.
Spiritual conception can happen in a moment, but spiritual formation happens over time.
Spiritual concerns are, in essence, concerns of liberation, of archetypal freedom.
Spiritual conditions affect all parts of life and are in turn affected by most everything.
Spiritual conditioning is required as well.
Spiritual conflict is no less debilitating than any other kind of conflict.
Spiritual conflict precedes personal and social conflict.
Spiritual conflicts are by far the easiest to resolve.
Spiritual congestion is like a cold.
Spiritual connections bring in some amazing and powerful inner growth.
Spiritual consciousness changes our beliefs about time.
Spiritual consciousness is the source of perfect balance and health in every cell of the body.
Spiritual content is accepted.
Spiritual conversations are to charity what the wind is to the flame.
Spiritual counseling is a bit more manageable.
Spiritual counseling is also available by telephone.
Spiritual counseling is also available for victims and their families.
Spiritual counseling is also available.
Spiritual counseling is also with the staff chaplain.
Spiritual counseling is available through a network of local clergy.
Spiritual counseling is concerned with instilling values, strengthening values, or changing values.
Spiritual counseling is confidential.
Spiritual counseling is provided for anyone wishing it.
Spiritual courage is a rare and precious commodity in our world.
Spiritual cultivation takes time.
Spiritual cures are also bitter.
Spiritual dangers are different.
Spiritual dangers can cause far more harm than the physical ones.
Spiritual darkness is a wall, a wall that shuts out the light.
Spiritual darkness prevails.
Spiritual darkness represents sin, evil, ignorance, decay, and death.
Spiritual death involves separation.
Spiritual death is an active death.
Spiritual death is meant.
Spiritual death is more likely when goals are unbalanced toward things physical.
Spiritual death is the result of no prayer.
Most spiritual death involves separation.
Spiritual decline opens the door for self-seekers.
Spiritual decline opens the door for syncretism.
Spiritual demands are negligible or non-existent.
Spiritual depth is a protection against error.
Spiritual desire needs to be a continual concern.
Spiritual destitution is rampant, manifested in isolation, madness, promiscuity and violence.
Spiritual destruction starts with the small things.
Spiritual development can also encourage growth, but is meant more to provide perspective.
Spiritual development involves all of our experience.
Spiritual development is a consistent aspect of many lessons.
Spiritual development is a high priority.
Spiritual development is a pathless path .
Spiritual development is an explicit goal of our education system.
Spiritual development is concerned with entering into the restlessness of unfulfilled desire.
Spiritual development is indispensable.
Spiritual development is the work of a lifetime.
Spiritual development is vital for the inner change for drug recovery.
Spiritual development requires that the more complex spiritual realities grow from wholeness.
Spiritual difficulties can also be a factor.
Spiritual direction deserves utmost confidentiality.
Spiritual direction has most benefit if it is an on-going relationship.
Spiritual direction is almost a luxury.
Spiritual direction is also an important component in nurturing one's spiritual life.
Spiritual direction is also available for deepening one's experience.
Spiritual direction is also available.
Spiritual direction is an ancient practice that grew out of the monastic tradition.
Spiritual direction is an ongoing relationship.
Spiritual direction is available every two weeks.
Spiritual direction is available on request.
Spiritual direction is available upon request.
Spiritual direction is available.
Spiritual direction is encouraged.
Spiritual direction is essential.
Spiritual direction is included at no extra charge.
Spiritual direction is known as the ministry of compassionate presence.
Spiritual direction is offered to priests, sisters, seminarians, and to lay people alike.
Spiritual direction is seen as an important support for anyone discerning their path in life.
Spiritual direction is the place for free and unedited discourse.
Spiritual directors are at best guides.
Spiritual directors are companions with students on their spiritual journey.
Spiritual directors help each candidate with discernment counseling.
Spiritual discernment demands constant reflection, openness and flexibility.
Spiritual discernment is deemed unnecessary.
Spiritual discernment is what is most wanted.
Spiritual discernment reveals that knowledge and intelligence are auxiliary to understanding.
Spiritual discipline helps people form the center of their lives.
Spiritual discipline is a lever for changing things in life.
Spiritual disciplines done in a legalistic fashion make our faith stink.
Spiritual disciplines is the focus, with tools for personal growth and maturity.
Spiritual disciplines teach ideals.
All spiritual disciplines stress some kind of meditation or prayer.
Spiritual discovery is the focus of some men's groups.
Spiritual discretion is advised.
Spiritual doers describe how they use faith to enrich their lives and the lives of others.
Spiritual doers describe how they're building it in Greater New Haven.
Spiritual doubt is a. a natural part of spiritual growth.
Spiritual dreams are the same sort of thing.
Spiritual droughts are as certain as physical drought.
Spiritual drowsiness is always a very real threat at the midnight hour.
Spiritual education is a life-long journey.
Spiritual egalitarianism is inherent.
Spiritual emergency is something else.
Spiritual emptiness causes depression and anxiety in our lives.
Spiritual energy is as real as electricity and can be manipulated in similar ways.
Spiritual enlargement is a broadening or widening of one s spiritual life, service, and usefulness.
Spiritual enlightenment is one thing, but then there's coffee.
Spiritual enrichment needs to pass from one generation to the next.
Spiritual entities do the same.
Spiritual equilibrium is upset and has the person off course.
Spiritual evolution assures that inseparability grows.
Spiritual evolution gives wings to life, imagination,and thought.
Spiritual evolution involves the ascension of attention up through the twelve gateways.
Spiritual evolution is definitely a communal effort.
Spiritual evolution is ever onward and upward.
Spiritual evolution is limited by one's biological, genetic, and physical composition.
Spiritual evolution is really an attunement with intrinsic clarity and lovingness of consciousness.
Spiritual evolution requires refinement of man's vehicles.
Spiritual exegesis consists in unfolding the meaning of that word.
Spiritual exercise is one of the proposals for the preparation of the celebration of the Holy Year.
Spiritual exercise stimulates spiritual appetite.
Spiritual exercises instill a discipline into one s person, remove fear and make one more efficient.
Spiritual existence is absolute immortality, completeness and unchangeable being.
Spiritual experience is a liberating source of women's identity and their resistance to oppression.
Spiritual experience is impartial and nonpersonal.
Spiritual experience is ineffable.
Spiritual experience opens a higher reality that is more real than the material world.
Spiritual experiences are good things to have.
Spiritual experiences are important and meaningful.
Spiritual experiences are to be interpreted according to the Bible.
Spiritual experiences are unique and deeply personal.
All spiritual experience comes from divine light on eternal truth.
Spiritual expressions differentiate as well.
Spiritual faith includes unfailing assurance and immediate response.
Spiritual faith is viewed as a means of personal and social control.
Spiritual fatigue takes the heaviest toll of all.
Spiritual fear is a terrible thing.
Spiritual feelings are also possible to transmit with the language of music.
Spiritual feelings have a surprising effect on healing nervous ailments.
Spiritual fighting is hard to do alone, and the consequences of losing are dire.
Spiritual finger shows things being centered.
Spiritual fitness is the eternal half.
Spiritual fixation can lead to spiritual devastation.
Spiritual folk are irrational.
Spiritual food is mentioned frequently in the Bible.
Spiritual food is there for the gathering.
Spiritual force defies explanation.
Spiritual force fosters deeper honesty, creating a web of social intimacy among members of a group.
Spiritual force is concentration and an inner energy.
Spiritual forces are ecclesiastics.
Spiritual forces are often the root problems.
Spiritual forces begin to be felt.
Spiritual forces seem to be working on a solution of their own.
Spiritual formation helps maintain that balance.
Spiritual formation is a lifelong process of growth and development.
Spiritual formation is a process that extends over our entire lifetime.
Spiritual formation is a slow business.
Spiritual formation is at the heart of a North Park education.
Spiritual formation is at the heart of the work of the effective pastor.
Spiritual formation is essential in the preparation and practice of pastoral ministry.
Spiritual formation is guided by the pastor and parish community.
Spiritual formation is intentional at the seminary.
Spiritual formation is just such a journey.
Spiritual formation is to be key, in addition to academic formation.
Spiritual formation occurs within the context of each of the above categories.
Spiritual formation requires deliberate work to make a difference in a person's life.
Spiritual freedom is the complementary power to change one's relationship to it.
Spiritual freedom means taking full responsibility for all our actions.
Spiritual freedom means that the higher side is free from the lower one.
Spiritual fruit is kind of like fruit on a tree.
Spiritual genocide refers to the presence of sin and hatred in people's hearts.
Spiritual gift is used in the sense of a supernatural gift.
Spiritual gifts are also energizings.
Spiritual gifts are an important dimension of stewardship.
Spiritual gifts are dynamic, designed to be used.
Spiritual gifts are for ministry, and they are given accordingly.
Spiritual gifts are many and varied.
Spiritual gifts are no different.
Spiritual gifts are no exception.
Spiritual gifts are service gifts, that is their purpose.
Spiritual gifts are to be exercised within the confines of the local church.
Spiritual gifts are to serve others.
Spiritual Gifts come in many forms.
Spiritual gifts have an active expression in the believer today.
Spiritual gifts is controversial for others.
Spiritual gifts manifest the Person of Christ.
Spiritual gifts operate only with human availability.
Some spiritual gifts are invisible and become accessible to man via faith.
Spiritual government is poison.
All spiritual greatness is built upon a foundation of humility.
Spiritual growth abounds as does testing.
Spiritual growth brings challenges that can be befuddling.
Spiritual growth calls for variations in our music.
Spiritual growth can come from facing suffering and death honestly.
Spiritual growth comes from our own doing.
Spiritual growth comes in spite of religions.
Spiritual growth comes through grappling with the mundane world in a way that uplifts and elevates.
Spiritual growth demands a number of things.
Spiritual growth emblems program.
Spiritual growth happens in spurts, at an individual's unique pace and is often accompanied by pain.
Spiritual growth has nothing to do with knowledge.
Spiritual growth involves a process of separation.
Spiritual growth involves learning to make meaning while creating a life of purpose and integrity.
Spiritual growth is a combination of inspiration, knowledge, inner reflection and outward action.
Spiritual growth is a continual process.
Spiritual growth is a gradual thing.
Spiritual growth is a hands-on, interactive process of going and growing.
Spiritual growth is a journey.
Spiritual growth is a life long experience and commitment.
Spiritual growth is a life-long process, with many ups and downs.
Spiritual growth is a long and indefinite journey.
Spiritual growth is a long process that requires perseverance and patience.
Spiritual growth is a marvelous effect of spiritual discipline, but it is only an effect.
Spiritual growth is a process requiring commitment, study, prayer, and action.
Spiritual growth is a process that includes growing in knowledge and holiness.
Spiritual growth is a process the same as physical growth or mental growth.
Spiritual growth is as important to a balanced life as academic or physical growth.
Spiritual growth is as mysterious as the coming and going of the wind.
Spiritual growth is attained through meditation, study, and service.
Spiritual growth is attained through the many area churches rich in tradition and family values.
Spiritual growth is both upward and downward, and it is both inward and outward.
Spiritual growth is critical.
Spiritual growth is encouraged through contemplation, relationship, worship and study.
Spiritual growth is enhanced and nurtured through prayer, sharing and personal support.
Spiritual growth is equally important.
Spiritual growth is everywhere.
Spiritual growth is just the opposite.
Spiritual growth is like the farmer sowing the seed.
Spiritual growth is maximized when faith is demonstrated in relationships and ministries.
Spiritual growth is more important than amassing wealth.
Spiritual growth is more important than financial growth.
Spiritual growth is much like climbing a mountain.
Spiritual growth is nurtured through daily Bible lessons, scripture memory and chapel programs.
Spiritual growth is nurtured, as is that of the mind, body, and emotions.
Spiritual growth is personal, but it needs to be accountable in a small group.
Spiritual growth is really visible among the brethren.
Spiritual growth is risky.
Spiritual growth is shown to be no less than the force of evolution working through the human mind.
Spiritual growth is sometimes precedence for a time.
Spiritual growth is the by-product of psychic development.
Spiritual growth is the constant process of evolving.
Spiritual growth is the foundation for a healthy society.
Spiritual growth is the norm for every believer.
Spiritual growth is the overturning of a dead equilibrium.
Spiritual growth is the result and the use of ones creative and generative force.
Spiritual growth is very similar.
Spiritual growth occurs when faith is cultivated.
Spiritual growth requires being challenged and then meeting that challenge.
Spiritual growth requires honesty.
Spiritual growth seems so impossible in the moment, and so easy in retrospect.
Spiritual growth surpasses wealth and power, as the former brings the latter two.
Spiritual growth takes time.
All spiritual growth comes from reading and reflection.
Spiritual guardians are providers of spiritual care through prayer, encouragement, and mentoring.
Spiritual guidance can help.
Spiritual guidance can lighten up even the darkest day.
Spiritual guidance comes from somewhere.
Spiritual guidance is incorporated into everyday life.
Spiritual guidance is the foundation in which our clarity lies.
Spiritual guidance is the series' strong suit.
Spiritual guides are to practice and serve in ways that cultivate awareness, empathy, and wisdom.
Spiritual guides come later than disciplers.
Spiritual happiness has no end.
Spiritual happiness is eternal and unfathomable.
Spiritual harmony creates musical harmony.
Spiritual harmony is the essence of knowledge. .
Spiritual headway is inherent in the repetitive act of calming the ripples of the mind.
Spiritual healing addresses the biological energies of the body.
Spiritual healing can be distance healing and books used for distant training.
Spiritual healing can be tricky.
Spiritual healing can help with any problem, mental, physical or emotional.
Spiritual healing defies logical explanation.
Spiritual healing involves retrieving the lost soul from another plane of existence.
Spiritual healing is a law-governed process.
Spiritual healing is a more complex and diverse field.
Spiritual healing is a natural energy that flows through the healer to the patient.
Spiritual healing is at the root of getting well.
Spiritual healing is available during the hour before the service.
Spiritual healing is complementary to modern medicine, therapy and training.
Spiritual healing is complex and mysterious.
Spiritual healing is different.
Spiritual healing is first.
Spiritual healing is much more important than physical healing.
Spiritual healing is practiced, as is tithing.
Spiritual healing is required and is ongoing.
Spiritual healing is simple.
Spiritual healing is the essential part of every religious life path.
Spiritual healing is the most important.
Spiritual healing is when energy is transmitted to the person who needs it.
Spiritual healing provides the energy needed to crank our own healing mechanism back into action.
Spiritual healing starts with the peace to get the healing.
Spiritual health indicates healthy principles of life.
Spiritual health involves the condition of the spirit.
Spiritual health is as important for pastors as it is for congregations.
Spiritual health is central to well being and influences a person's entire being.
Spiritual health is central to well-being and influences a person's entire being.
Spiritual health is flexible, changing constantly, and manifests itself in behaviors and attitudes.
Spiritual health is fundamental to well-being and affects a person's entire being.
Spiritual health is linked to stewardship practice.
Spiritual health is maintained by separation from germs of false doctrine.
Spiritual health is of ultimate importance.
Spiritual health is the first step towards physical and mental well-being.
Spiritual health is the most difficult to understand and maintain.
Spiritual health refers to religious training, values and character issues.
Spiritual hearts are new creatures, acting from new principals.
Spiritual honesty brings peace and power to the person who practices it.
Spiritual hunger is a natural part of the human psyche, but so are self-centeredness and obstinacy.
Spiritual ignorance is death, lack of devotion and love is death.
Spiritual illiteracy is rampant in today's society.
Spiritual illumination is similar to physical illumination cause by a light.
Spiritual impetus can come from other evangelical churches.
Spiritual impurity can come from many physical sources, such as a dead body.
Spiritual inquiry promotes deeper questions beyond the operational level.
Spiritual insight is gained through meditation techniques such as centering and mindfulness.
Spiritual insight leads to spiritual blessing.
Spiritual insight produces a spiritual walk.
Spiritual insights provide answers to some basic questions of life.
Spiritual integrity comes as the by-product of our own gradual process of sanctification.
Spiritual integrity is creative wholeness.
Spiritual intelligence grows.
Spiritual intelligence is like learning how to turn on the lights.
Spiritual interference is another source of fear for the fundraiser.
Spiritual intimacy is a key ingredient of happy marriages.
Spiritual intuition is based more on seeing, or just knowing that something is true.
Spiritual issues are part of our conversation in the interviews.
Spiritual issues can also arise if the perpetrator of the abuse was male.
Spiritual journals are definitely a form of prayer.
Spiritual journals are journals in which the children write in weekly.
Every spiritual journey has it's own dark night.
Every spiritual journey opens a new level of awareness.
Spiritual joy comes from love.
Spiritual joy is for all eternity.
Spiritual joy springs more from the heart, affecting the whole person.
Spiritual knowing is experienced based.
Spiritual knowledge leads to wisdom.
Spiritual laundry needs daily washing.
Spiritual law is inescapable and inviolate.
Spiritual law is the same.
Spiritual law transcends the law of Karma.
A spiritual leader is a leader
Spiritual leader draws a diverse audience.
Spiritual leaders are great followers.
Spiritual leaders are leaders.
Spiritual leaders are storytellers, who give voice to the deep story of a community.
Spiritual leaders are watchmen on the wall.
Spiritual leaders come to speak.
Spiritual leaders exercise discipline over their children.
Spiritual leaders facilitate political change.
Spiritual leaders have experience.
Spiritual leaders help to bring about the spiritual birth of others.
Spiritual leaders inspire cooperation from the heart.
Spiritual leaders love their wives.
Spiritual leaders offer spiritual counseling and support to patients and their families.
Spiritual leaders pray with their families.
Spiritual leaders take the family to church.
Spiritual leaders watch the people.
Spiritual leaders watch their own conduct.
Many spiritual leaders disagree on whether revival is an immediate possibility.
Most spiritual leaders have experience.
Some spiritual leaders agree.
Spiritual leadership calls for a holy life and a pure heart.
Spiritual leadership involves the application of spiritual values and principles to the workplace.
Spiritual leadership is a costly thing.
Spiritual leadership is a matter of superior power, and that can never be self-generated.
Spiritual leadership is a sacred responsibility.
Spiritual leadership is a tricky business in the best of circumstances.
Spiritual leadership is imparted through communication gifts.
Spiritual leadership is more than leadership exercised in a church setting.
Spiritual leadership is to be given double honor and respect.
Spiritual leadership rises and falls on holiness.
Spiritual lessons abound as students critically examine soil, weeds, and their own lives.
Spiritual level needs to be addressed.
Spiritual life begins upon believing and insures a resurrection.
Spiritual life begins with spiritual birth.
Spiritual life can be as deeply intimate as sexual life.
Spiritual life depends on the Bible.
Spiritual life entails the gift of self which is absolute.
Spiritual life has nearly as many definitions as there are people willing to try and define it.
Spiritual life is a profound, mysterious, and infinite journey.
Spiritual life is a struggling, bruising battle.
Spiritual life is about being an ideal person.
Spiritual life is about the life of the heart.
Spiritual life is an important aspect of the curriculum.
Spiritual life is bloody business too.
Spiritual life is constant interaction with our spiritual environment.
Spiritual life is essentially a matter of the cultivation of appropriate attitudes and values.
Spiritual life is full of apparent paradoxes . . . .
Spiritual life is joyous life.
Spiritual life is like physical life.
Spiritual life is nurtured in community.
Spiritual life is nurtured in several ways.
Spiritual life is only through resurrection.
Spiritual life is personal and a life of prayer and study in balance.
Spiritual life is responsive to the gospel and is confirmed and preserved for eternal life.
Spiritual life is rooted in self-reflection, but can only come to full flower in community.
Spiritual life is simply too important to postpone.
Spiritual life is something far different from moral life.
Spiritual life is the key.
Spiritual life is the life of a child.
Spiritual life is very successful when one gets up early and starts off the day right.
Spiritual life means non-violence.
Spiritual life means oneness yet simultaneous diversity.
Spiritual life needs to be studied as objective reality, just as material life does.
Spiritual life requires both faith and flexibility.
Spiritual life requires careful balance.
Spiritual life requires exertion and effort.
Spiritual light is the truth of faith and spiritual heat is love.
Spiritual lions like to bask in the spotlight.
Spiritual living is costly.
Spiritual love is connectedness with the whole.
Spiritual love transcends physical love.
All spiritual love is born of sorrow.
Spiritual malaise is the problem, and a true revival of religion is the solution.
Spiritual man is free from the delusion that haunts natural man.
Spiritual men pine for unity in the truth.
Spiritual marriage is very uncommon.
Spiritual master is eternal.
Spiritual master is the official collector.
Spiritual masters are like springs of fresh water.
Spiritual matters are by far too important to compromise.
Spiritual matters have to do with our eternal salvation.
Spiritual matters require even more careful consideration.
Spiritual maturation goes along with affective maturation.
Spiritual maturation is as important as numerical growth.
Spiritual maturation is ordinarily a silent process, unobserved.
Spiritual maturity determines the quality of ministry.
Spiritual maturity includes our correct response to the anger stimulus.
Spiritual maturity is a gradual process.
Spiritual maturity is a process.
Spiritual maturity is an important factor as well for leadership positions.
Spiritual maturity is control over the ego that wants to take the credit and get the attention.
Spiritual maturity is one of the greatest needs in churches today a.
Spiritual maturity is our goal for all believers.
Spiritual maturity is the acceptance of life and relationships.
Spiritual maturity lies in the readiness to let go of everything.
Spiritual maturity seems more real.
Spiritual maturity takes discipline.
Spiritual maturity takes time.
Spiritual message is a bit muddied by an ambiguous ending.
Spiritual muffins are high quality Christian nurture.
Spiritual multiplication is the fruit of a cultivated heart.
Spiritual muscles are like body muscles.
Spiritual mysteries have nothing to do with clear conclusions.
Spiritual nature is bright.
Spiritual needs are also different for each person.
Spiritual needs are remarkably similar and basic for all people, regardless of religious preference.
Spiritual nourishment is vital.
Spiritual nurture is each student's own responsibility.
Spiritual nurture takes place in a contemplative and communal context.
Spiritual obstacles exist at every imaginable level.
Spiritual opportunity is a rare privilege.
Spiritual oppression can be unbelievably horrific.
Spiritual oppression is another cause.
Spiritual orphans go bankrupt.
Spiritual oversight is extended through caring, friendship, preaching and teaching.
Spiritual partners define their relationship.
Spiritual partners see themselves as more than bodies and more than minds.
Spiritual partners stay together as long as they grow together.
Spiritual paths are personal, and vary with people.
All spiritual paths are equally valid.
Every spiritual path leads the sincere seeker to the truth that can only be found within.
Spiritual peace is comforting and healing.
Spiritual peace is difficult to obtain in the presence of physical pain.
Spiritual people are sensitive to the sound of rain.
Spiritual people care for others, risk themselves for others.
Spiritual people cloth themselves when they are out in public places.
Spiritual people feel desperate as the slaves of sin and admit that they are.
Spiritual people have a much more humanistic approach.
Spiritual People have different spiritual needs.
Spiritual people move from being nice to being real.
Spiritual people own their imperfections.
Spiritual people redistribute wealth to the needy by there very nature.
Spiritual people seem to have even higher expectations than others.
Spiritual people treat others right.
Most spiritual people believe in the aura.
Most spiritual people see babies.
Spiritual perfection has different levels.
Spiritual people see babies.
Spiritual persons encourage restoration.
Spiritual poetry is fine, but please consider the difference between spirituality and religion.
Spiritual possession has great power in attracting young people.
Spiritual possession is a very real matter.
Spiritual poverty is characterized by hopelessness, meaninglessness, and lovelessness.
Spiritual poverty is very widspread today, even at times becoming misery.
Spiritual poverty is what wefear more than anything.
Spiritual power comes from prayer and other renewing experiences.
Spiritual power is based on love and truth.
Spiritual power is omnipresent.
Spiritual power is related to both mental and physical health.
Spiritual power is released through prayer.
Spiritual power is there.
Spiritual practice can also be a valuable way of dealing with mystery, and so can theology.
Spiritual practice goes beyond ideas about spiritual practice, beyond specific activities.
Spiritual practice is about seeing Reality just as it is, including our own self-deception.
Spiritual practice is always a challenge.
Spiritual practice is effort at fixity of consciousness.
Spiritual practice is essentially prayer.
Spiritual practice is something that has no final goal, so there's no end to it.
Spiritual practices are different.
Spiritual practices are to be conducted in the spirit of service.
Spiritual practices can contribute to an ethical vision.
Spiritual practices can reduce stress, blood pressure, and cholesterol levels.
Spiritual practices can, however, offer solace, hope, or even a means of regaining health.
Spiritual practices have a strong social aspect.
All spiritual practice is for the purpose of removing our ignorance of our real nature.
Any spiritual practice is seen as a threat to the party.
Many spiritual practices aim at helping practitioners to let go.
Spiritual preparation is enhanced by study.
Spiritual preparation is the most critical element, clearly.
Spiritual preparation is the most important and is mandatory.
Spiritual preparation is the most important kind.
Spiritual preparation is utmost.
Spiritual preparedness is to be fully ready to face with faith all of the experiences of today.
Spiritual pride disposes persons to stand at a distance from others, as better than they.
Spiritual pride is a great stumblingblock.
Spiritual pride is an antichristian spirit.
Spiritual pride is ruinous to Christian character.
Spiritual pride is self-glorification.
Spiritual principles are the foundation, but traditional religious rituals are absent.
Spiritual prisoners reside in pits of fear.
Spiritual privilege provides the basis for success, but it never guarantees it.
Spiritual problems are a condition for referral.
Spiritual problems create desperate people.
Spiritual problems develop when homosexual behavior is engaged in.
Most spiritual problems are lack of prayer.
Spiritual productivity comes from investing in needs of others.
Spiritual programming is an important part of the therapeutic services.
Spiritual progress ensures the happiness and eternal continuance of the soul.
Spiritual progress favors technical progress.
Spiritual progress insures the happiness and eternal continuance of the soul.
Spiritual progress is difficult if one's occupation pulls in the opposite direction.
Spiritual progress is directly related to the reduction of desires.
Spiritual progress is like detoxification.
All spiritual progress is measured by our capacity for love.
Spiritual promotion goes hand in hand with upright behavior.
Spiritual protection is provided by the guests who attend the tattooing ceremony.
Spiritual provisions are as important as material ones.
All spiritual pursuits are strictly voluntary.
Spiritual rain is released by prayers of repentance and forgiveness.
Spiritual reading is another important aspect of silent prayer.
Spiritual realities heave into view like mountains rising from mists.
Spiritual reality is that aspect of reality in which everything is one.
Spiritual reality is the only place worth going beyond ritual.
Spiritual reality is the true reality of which physical reality is only a shadow.
Spiritual reality rests on the unalterable foundation of self-sacrifice and wise impersonal love.
Most spiritual realities are simply beyond our comprehension.
Spiritual realization changes things.
Spiritual rebellion is no small thing for what is at stake is the eternal destiny of souls.
Spiritual rebirth can happen all at once or it can happen in stages.
Spiritual rebirth is salvation
Spiritual receptivity is vital to the ministerial effectiveness of the services.
Spiritual refinement develops most easily in a refined soul.
Spiritual reggae is made by spiritual people.
Spiritual renewal begins with confession.
Spiritual renewal brings zeal and vitality into our lives and ministries.
Spiritual renewal is essential to a devoted life like Hezekiah's.
Spiritual reproduction proceeds without recourse to gender, sex, or to gender based entities.
Spiritual resistance requires spiritual assistance.
Spiritual resources are important for a balanced approach to handling any circumstance of life.
Spiritual rest is so vital.
Spiritual retardation is a rampant thing.
Spiritual retreats come in all flavors.
Spiritual revival is a matter of life and death for the soul of our country.
Spiritual revivals come when people and churches are on their knees.
Spiritual riches are more valuable than owning a bunch of expensive stuff.
Spiritual sacrifice involves the giving of gifts i.
Spiritual salvation is better than mere physical.
