Many different viruses can cause the common cold.
Many different viruses can cause viral meningitis.
Many different viruses can infect plants.
Many different viruses cause colds.
Different visas have different rules.
Different visualizations work better for different people.
Different voices create different effects on the reader.
Different voices have different musical pitches.
Different voices have different natural sounding ranges of pitch.
Different voices read related quotations and narrative to bring the portrait to life.
Different voices speak of their experience and offer possible explanations.
Different voltages are available on request.
Different volumes are available on butterflies and moths of eastern and western North America.
Different volumes cover different literary periods.
More different vowels sounds exist than different vowel letters.
Different WANs have different methods of link establishment.
Different warranties do different things different ways for different lengths of time.
Different warranties offer different protection.
Different waters offer different opportunities.
Different wave shapes cause different hallucinations.
Different waves affect the human body.
Different wavelengths are sensitive to vegetation or to ground surface phenomena.
Different wavelengths combine in slightly different directions producing a rainbow spectrum.
Different wavelengths come into focus at different distances behind the lens of the eye.
Different wavelengths diffracting off the lines are bent by different amouns, producing a spectrum.
Different wavelengths have different phase speeds.
Different ways exist by which donors can fulfill their charitable goals.
Different ways give different heights.
Different ways work with different kids and parents.
Any different way is sexual perversion.
Different weapons are good for different things.
Different weapons are more effective than others when fighting the end bosses.
Different weapons have different attack ranges as well as different damage capabilities.
Different weapons have different degrees of homing leading to a difference in arc as well as speed.
Different weapons have different effects.
Different weapons have different zoom sizes.
Different weapons have special uses.
Different weapons have their own distinguishing muzzle reports, and the music is absolutely awesome.
Different weapons work better on different enemies.
Many different weapon spells including fireballs and venom spells.
Some different weapons have animation.
Different weather corresponds to different islands.
Different Web hosting companies offer different services, and their prices can vary greatly.
Different webmasters post information about their sites in different engine search databases.
Different weeds scatter their seeds in different ways.
Different weekdays have different workload levels.
Different weights are available depending on conditions and activity level.
Different whales have very different food requirements.
Different wheels work differently in many fluid conditions.
Different widths are possible.
Different widths offer the highest flexibility.
Different wildfires burn differently.
Different wildflowers bloom at different times throughout the summer.
Different wildflowers bloom in all different seasons.
Many different wildflowers do well in Wisconsin.
Different winds bring different weather conditions, depending on from which direction they blow.
Different windows can have different items on their window menu.
Different windows display different aspects of the underlying data base.
Different windows function in different ways.
Different wines benefit from longer or only short aging.
Different wines offer tremendously different textural sensations.
Different witnesses see the same event differently.
Different women embody different characteristics.
Different women experience side effects differently.
Different women have different amounts of flow during their periods.
Different women have different goals.
Different women have different preferences.
Different women have different responses after giving birth.
Different women have different sets of values.
Different women have different symptoms.
Different women have different ways of riding the high horse.
Different women have so many different admirable qualities.
Different women ovulate at different times in their cycle.
Different women react differently to the pill.
Different women respond differently to the decrease in the level of serotonin.
Different women respond to different treatments.
Different woods have different abilities to cause irritation as splinters.
Different woods have different densities, grains, and mechanical properties.
Different woods have different mechanical properties.
Different woods have different sounds.
Different woods have different tonal qualities.
Different woods react differently to dampness or flooding.
Different woods require different approaches.
Different words can correspond to the same element in a finitely presented group.
Different words can mean different things in different languages.
Different words have different meanings depending on the context.
Different words have different meanings when they are pronounced a certain way.
Different words have different orders of letters.
Different words make the members feel special and separate from outsiders.
Different words mean different things in different countries.
Different words mean different things in different subjects.
Every different word has a different character.
Many different words enter one s mind when they hear advocacy.
Different works mean different things to different people.
Different works serve different purposes for their users.
Different workers approach the problem in different ways.
Different workers are needed for each phase of a geothermal plant's development.
Different workers prefer different benefit packages.
Different workers scrub floors and counters.
Different workers work on different activities to make sure the colony runs smooth.
Many different workers have jobs in a foundry.
Many different workshops are available.
Different worlds are all close at hand when using logical transformation expression.
Different worms use different methods to propagate.
Different wrestlers have different abilities.
Different writers face different dilemmas indeveloping good writing habits.
Different writers pick up on different things.
Different writers read and talked about their work to a predominantly O'odham audience.
Different writers separate the author from the date, and the date from the page in differing ways.
Different writers use different methods.
Different writers use different strategies.
Many different writers can use the application to submit documents.
Different yeasts are used by bakers, brewers, and vintners to make their bread, beer, or wine.
Different yeasts exhibit different degrees of flocculence.
Different yeasts produce different results, and have different tolerance levels.
Different zebras have different colored stripes.
Different zoos provide different food items to their carnivorous animals.
Every differentiable function is continuous.
Differential access highlights the institution character of gender inequality.
Differential algebra is a generalization of classical commutative algebra.
Differential algebra is the study of such fields, suitably axiomatized.
Differential amplification takes more parts to execute.
Differential amplifiers comprise the first stage of most op amps.
Differential amplifiers have a number of advantages over conventional single-ended amplifiers.
Differential amplifiers preserve the balance of the input signal.
Differential analysts do it in a degenerate case.
Differential backups are overall faster than full backups, but take longer to restore.
Differential backups capture all data that has changed since the last full backup.
Differential backups copy all the data which has changed since the last full backup.
Differential backups take up more disk space than an incremental backup.
Differential behavior is due to different schedules.
Differential billing is supported for enhanced service development.
Differential cables connect up to eight Differential drivers and receivers.
A differential calculus is science
Differential calculus investigates functions and their derivatives.
Differential calculus is involved with the study of rates of processes.
Differential calculus is primarily concerned with the rate at which quantities change in a process.
Differential calculus is the branch of calculus which treats such problems.
Differential calculus is the opposite of integral calculus.
Differential calculus is the study of rates of change of functions.
Differential calculuses are calculuses.
Differential correction Enable the students to post-process their field data.
Differential correction is required to reduce the error cause by atmospheric interference.
Differential credit is awarded according to requirements defined by instructor.
Differential cryptanalysis represents an approach to finding more subtle correlations.
Differential database downloads Save network bandwidth and decrease download time.
Differential deals based on customer risk are likely soon.
Differential delay is the difference in absolute delays between two circuits.
A differential diagnosis is a medical diagnosis
Differential diagnoses includes adenomatoid malformation, bronchogenic cyst, hygroma.
Differential diagnoses includes hemangiopericytoma, hemangioma and fibrous tumor.
Differential diagnosis based solely on clinical judgement can lead to inappropriate treatment.
Differential diagnosis can lead to improved treatment of the patient, as well as genetic counseling.
Differential diagnosis includes a complicated cyst, an angiomyolipoma.
Differential diagnosis includes eczema.
Differential diagnosis includes encephalitis due to other viruses - especially arboviruses.
Differential diagnosis includes healed rickets and osseous syphilis.
Differential diagnosis includes infection and in particular tuberculosis.
Differential diagnosis includes other conditions that can cause wasting in pigs.
Differential diagnosis includes pulmonary embolization, fluid overload and aspiration.
Differential diagnosis includes twisted or ruptured adnexa and appendicitis.
Differential diagnosis involves a comprehensive multidisciplinary evaluation.
Differential diagnosis involves identifying Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
Differential diagnosis is emphasized, giving clinical relevance to the discipline.
Differential diagnosis is essential.
Differential diagnosis is important.
Differential diagnosis is similar to that for constipation.
Differential diagnosis is simplified by immunophenotyping.
Differential diagnosis is with choroid plexus carcinoma or anaplastic ependymoma.
Differential diagnosis lies mainly between pulmonary stenosis and pulmonary hypertension.
Differential diagnosis requires consideration of other diseases involving the eye.
Differential diagnosises are medical diagnosises.
Differential display is a challenging technique to master.
Differential drive uses two output port pins which are driven to complementary levels.
A differential equation is an equation
Differential equations are a major component of the models.
Differential equations are equations.
Differential equations are mathematical constructs which define the rates of changes of variables.
Differential equations are the most challenging and important problems in mathematics.
Differential equations arising from first principle models are generally nonlinear.
Differential equations can be of any order and complexity.
Differential equations describe all types of movement.
Differential equations describe movement.
Differential equations give a formula for the derivative- the change in a quantity per unit time.
Differential equations is a required course for a major in mathematics.
Differential equations is also a help but is by no means necessary.
Differential equations is an extension of integral calculus.
Differential equations is the capstone of a four semester sequence of courses.
Differential equations is, in some sense, advanced advanced calculus.
Differential equations make reaction time a natural prediction of connectionist models.
All differential equations require boundary conditions.
Differential expression is shown as differences in color intensity.
Differential forms are of considerable interest now in physics.
Differential forms exist on any diff manifold, pseudoscalars only on orientable diff.
Differential forms provide the analytic framework.
Differential geometers do it on smooth contours.
Differential geometers do it over and under the curves.
Differential geometry is a crucial tool in modern physics.
Differential geometry is the language of modern physics as well as an area of mathematical delight.
Differential geometry is the study of curved surfaces and their higher-dimensional generalizations.
Differential geometry is the study of geometry in terms of infinitesimals.
Differential grasshopper is a common corn pest.
Differential grasshoppers are well adapted to feeding on cultivated crops and are also good fliers.
Differential grasshoppers are yellow in appearance and have a fishbone pattern on their hind femurs.
Differential growth can therefore have dramatic affects on the phenotype of an organism.
Differential heating plays an important role in atmospheric motion at all scales.
Differential housing offset to provide straight-line drive.
Differential input allows four-lead measurement of the sensor signal.
Differential inputs eliminate ground loops and noise pickup.
Differential inputs permit either inverting or non-inverting operation.
Differential legitimacy is the process commonly known as the good old boy system.
Differential lines are highly immune to noise pickup and provide excellent common-mode rejection.
Differential lines provide a canceling effect on noise due to their complementary nature.
Differential linearity is a measure of the diameter of each bucket.
Differential measurement helps reject noise that originated from the ground.
Differential media allows for distinguishing different bacteria on the basis of colonial appearance.
Differential metabolism is the most common mechanism of selectivity with modern herbicides.
Differential mortality does make a difference in estimated lifetime behaviour.
Differential mortality has the potential to alter population dynamics in exposed populations.
Differential number counts as a function of flux.
Differential number counts versus redshift for different flux limits and .
Differential pay is provided for Officers assigned to evening and midnight shifts.
Differential pay recognizes work hours that fall outside the normal work day.
Differential predation enhances the dilution effect.
Differential pressure is the pressure difference between the pressure measured at D and at d.
Differential pricing applies.
Differential pricing is a common practice in the world of atoms.
Differential rating is a difficult policy instrument to use for roading.
Differential refraction is due to turbulent fluctuations of the electron number density.
Differential reinforcement is a way that people can learn to make correct responses over time .
Differential reinforcement is a way that people can learn to make correct responses over time.
Differential reinforcement is used to teach people to make correct responses .
Differential reinforcement is used to teach people to make correct responses.
Differential reproduction is the maximum reproductive capacity of a population of individuals.
Differential reproduction occurs between the poorly and better adapted individuals.
Differential rotation is only possible if the planet is fluid.
Differential rotation is the different rotational speeds of different vertical depths in the sun.
Differential rotation provides an easy way to produce a spiral pattern in the disk.
Differential signals are immune to common-mode noise, the primary source of system noise.
Differential signals provide high resolution and increased accuracy of the input signal.
Differential signals use two conductors to carry signals that complement one another.
Differential signaling helps increase immunity to electrical noise.
Differential stains use two or more dyes and distinguish various properties or organisms.
Differential stress is the major difference between the two.
Differential support means teaching individual children in individual ways.
Differential synchrotron ageing in the extended lobes can account for the former new result.
Differential testing is designed to provide such comparisons.
Differential testing requires that two or more comparable systems be available to the tester.
Differential topology is the study of the global properties of manifolds.
Differential treatment is when parenting is different for each child.
Differential tuition applies.
Differential tuition is good in theory, it just has to be implemented correctly.
Differential weighting reflects the expertise and legal limits under qualified thrift lender.
Differential applies if floated to beyond identified units.
Differential is a calculation
Differential is differences.
Differentials are expensive.
Differentials can cause problems - the unit is set very low to the ground and is easily knocked.
Differentials Consider a sphere rolling straight up an inclined plane.
Differentials vary depending on the option selected.
Differentials work by averaging the angular velocities of the rotations on both sides.
Every differential has a breather.
Differentiate meter signatures.
Differentiated cells are less likely to become cancerous.
Differentiated cells are the mature cells that perform specialized tasks appropriate to the organ.
Differentiated cells contain large amounts of specific proteins associated with the cell function.
Differentiated cells specialize in different physiological functions.
More differentiated cells contain red cytoplasmic granules.
Differentiated impacts can occur across North America .
Differentiated instruction is the answer to personalized learning.
Differentiated marketing can be very expensive, both in time and effort and in money.
Differentiated presentation is recommended, such as italics, smaller font or in a different column.
Differentiated programmes require focusing on product and service quality.
Differentiated services are the engine driving service provider profitability.
Differentiated supervision builds on effective practices that focus on improved student performance.
Differentiated values are most prominent in the literature.
A differentiation is discrimination
Differentiation also comes from the shape and size of the screen objects.
Differentiation also depends upon the strength of selective pressures.
Differentiation also is part of our definition.
Differentiation based on gender is evident in almost every society.
Differentiation becomes hyperdifferentiation .
Differentiation becomes individuation.
Differentiation begins with the first cell division that leads to a new animal.
Differentiation brings about many advantages to the firm which makes use of the strategies.
Differentiation can earn above average profits even in slow growth or declining market.
Differentiation comes in the form of product, volume, speed, pricing, and investor protections.
Differentiation depends on gene expression which is regulated mostly during transcription.
Differentiation depends on the season and the course of the symptoms.
Differentiation determines the slope of a function.
Differentiation early begins, however.
Differentiation focuses on the cellular level.
Differentiation follows determination, as the cell elaborates a cell-specific developmental program.
Differentiation generally results from the expression of cell type-specific genes.
Differentiation helps create value through unique logistic service.
Differentiation includes proliferation and apoptosis.
Differentiation involves examining the behaviour of gradients to a curve at a given point.
Differentiation involves making changes in the depth or breadth of student learning.
Differentiation is a continual process.
Differentiation is a fine motor skill.
Differentiation is a fundamental characteristic of the universe.
Differentiation is a fundamental mechanism of evolutionary life.
Differentiation is a key component in the fifth grade curriculum.
Differentiation is a key to marketing success.
Differentiation is a measure of a tumor's resemblance to normal tissue.
Differentiation is a principle of life .
Differentiation is a real key.
Differentiation is a term from the world of biology and the physical sciences.
Differentiation is about one's capacity to be autonomous while remaining connected.
Differentiation is achieved by differential gene expression.
Differentiation is applied to extreme problems and to problems in related rates.
Differentiation is based on clinical data and radiographs in many cases.
Differentiation is based on reasonable factors other than age.
Differentiation is based on the presence of mitotic figures.
Differentiation is caused by the energy going in two directions.
Differentiation is clearer within genres.
Differentiation is common in American cities and Charlotte is no different in that respect.
Differentiation is considered standard practice for meeting the needs of the gifted.
Differentiation is definitely a survival skill in business.
Differentiation is dependent on the presence or absence of testosterone a.
Differentiation is described quarterly through differentiated plans provided to parents.
Differentiation is how multicellular organisms form specialized cells.
Differentiation is important because treatment of pasteurellosis and mycoplasmosis is different.
Differentiation is important, but can be easily done during the examination.
Differentiation is initiated when hexose decreases and sucrose increases.
Differentiation is key.
Differentiation is made, however, in using headings for subject and descriptive cataloging.
Differentiation is more noise than anything else.
Differentiation is muddled by warp speed development.
Differentiation is necessary for progress.
Differentiation is no longer the magic key to success.
Differentiation is nullified.
Differentiation is only the positive aspect of development.
Differentiation is perhaps the most significant event in the history of the Earth.
Differentiation is possible only through biopsy.
Differentiation is probably the single clearest evidence.
Differentiation is really important, and it's important to recognize the changes in the environment.
Differentiation is reduction of complexity.
Differentiation is seen throughout many industries, especially the automobile industry.
Differentiation is stopped immediately by simply washing the slides in water.
Differentiation is the basis of genuine love.
Differentiation is the development of specialized cells that are organized into tissues and organs.
Differentiation is the key to the survival and success of any business venture.
Differentiation is the key, especially as the Internet's influence soars.
Differentiation is the natural process whereby cells specialize into a certain kind of cell.
Differentiation is the process a cell undergoes to become specialized for a certain funciton.
Differentiation is the process by which cells become more specialized.
Differentiation is the process by which specialized cells become unspecialized.
Differentiation is the process where various rock types are produced from a common magma.
Differentiation is the recognition of and commitment to plan for student differences.
Differentiation is the specialization of a cell line.
Differentiation is thought to caused by homeotic gene expression.
Differentiation is through presentation, distribution and peripheral aspects.
Differentiation is to many people a form of sin.
Differentiation is with respect to the variable of highest precedence.
Differentiation is with respect to time.
Differentiation is, however, the only way to be successful in today's market.
Differentiation isa cognition.
Differentiation isa knowledge.
Differentiation leads to a society on the model of a sprawling shopping mall.
Differentiation means tailoring instruction to meet individual needs.
Differentiation means that an infant's abilities becomes increasingly distinct and specific.
Differentiation means that the new cell is more specialized in form and function.
Differentiation occurs as a result of the acquisition or loss of specific growth factor receptors.
Differentiation occurs as cells take on specific structures and then functions.
Differentiation refers to different sections of a building being distinguishable.
Differentiation refers to how closely the cancerous cells resemble their cells of origin.
Differentiation requires a strong, local gravitational field.
Differentiation rests on the other, more significant assessment process.
Differentiation seems to be very popular among many businesses.
Differentiation seems to be what it's all about.
Differentiation starts with continuing rounds of cell divisions.
Differentiation takes place first, followed by integration.
Differentiation tends to insulate a firm against competitive rivalry because of brand loyalty.
Differentiations are discrimination.
Differentiations depend on expression.
Differentiations depend on surface expression.
Differentiations require analyses.
Differentiation usually occurs in the early part of winter.
All differentiation is based upon modification in the metabohc activities of the cells.
All differentiation is based upon modification in the metabolic activities of the cells.
Any differentiation is purely conceptual and is of practical use for our daily life.
Most differentiations depend on expression.
Most differentiations depend on surface expression.
Most differentiations require analyses.
Some differentiations have features.
Some differentiations occur in responses.
Some differentiations require activations.
Some differentiations require isolation.
Some differentiations support hypotheses.
Some differentiations take places.
A differentiator is a person
Differentiators earn above average profits because of their ability to engage in premium pricing.
Difficult access has kept many wilderness areas pristine, laws protect others.
More difficult access keeps many away.
Difficult applications require unique face stocks, adhesives, shapes and sizes.
Difficult babies are more irritable while easy babies are cheerful and relaxed.
Difficult babies respond vigorously to hunger and other discomforts.
Difficult babies tend to be unpredictable.
Difficult babies tend to be very emotional, irritable and fussy, and cry a lot.
Difficult behavior is a drag on emotions and a drag on productivity.
Difficult behavior requires effort.
Difficult behavior requires special effort.
Difficult behaviors are expressions of real and legitimate needs.
Difficult behaviors are finely polished.
Difficult behaviors result from unmet needs.
Most difficult behavior requires effort.
Most difficult behavior requires special effort.
Some difficult behaviour needs to be understood and dealt with from a diversity standpoint.
Difficult breathing is obvious with mouth breathing, extended tongue, and drooling saliva.
Difficult cases welcome.
More difficult cases require that the surface layer be modified with a cryo-protectant.
Difficult challenges are ahead.
Difficult child is very emotional, irritable and fussy, and cry a lot.
Difficult children are everywhere.
Difficult children are less likely to receive sensitive care.
Difficult children make the process very hard.
Difficult children tax parental skills and elude adult supervision.
Difficult choices lie ahead.
Difficult churches have troubled leaders.
Difficult circumstances are a test of business wits and corporate character.
Difficult circumstances are no excuse for abandoning everything.
Difficult circumstances bring people into contact with purpose, wisdom, and the ever-present veil.
Difficult circumstances produce tough people with the tools to meet the required challenges.
Difficult climbs involve smaller handholds spaced farther apart than other sections of the wall.
Difficult codes is changed to easy one.
Difficult concepts are mademanageable.
Difficult conflicts emerge when the balance is upset.
Difficult customers disrupt the organization, which hurts morale and has other dire effects.
Difficult customers Treat with respect.
Difficult days continue to lie ahead.
More difficult days lie ahead.
Difficult decisions are a very common dilemma.
Difficult decisions are part of the ongoing planning process.
Difficult decisions have to be made in terms of priorities.
Difficult decisions have to be taken in respect of the problems of weak banks.
Difficult decisions lie ahead becausehe bands are currently in use.
Difficult destinations receive special attention, so as to minimize shipping times.
Some difficult dialogues are oral.
More difficult drops continue below the still and deep waters of the gorge.
Difficult employees are here to stay and present some unique challenges.
More difficult equations require trial and error.
More difficult fights provides a more difficult challenge.
Difficult influences abound.
Difficult intubation is the second most common damaging event leading to malpractice claims.
Difficult issues are cost, phone line quality, and lack of materials in local languages.
Difficult issues arise as to whether there is a dutiable transaction for stamp duty purposes.
Difficult issues remain.
Difficult issues tend to get solved by the leaders.
Many difficult issues remain to be resolved .
More difficult issues have to be thrashed out in smaller groups.
Most difficult issues require the cooperation of a number of key stakeholders to resolve.
Some difficult issues arise.
Some difficult issues surround death.
Difficult judgements are often necessary in deciding how or when to account for a transaction.
Difficult labor is mainly due to a shortage of prostaglandins.
More difficult literature is acceptable.
Difficult material is presented clearly and the hands-on application is invaluable.
Difficult migrations are well known for producing semicircular reflectors.
Difficult navigation is one of the top reasons for leaving a site.
Difficult navigation runs people out of lots of web sites.
Difficult negotiations lie ahead.
More difficult operations require more time or energy.
Difficult people appear in every company, regardless of the specific industry.
Difficult people are everywhere.
Difficult people are generally everywhere and anywhere inbetween.
Difficult people are often critical.
Difficult people are unavoidable - but they can be managed.
Difficult people can sabotage any conflict resolution session.
Difficult people serve as reverse role models.
Most difficult people fear change .
Most difficult pin is back left just above the ridge.
Difficult problems are extremely rare.
Difficult problems cause a desire to wrestles.
Difficult problems lie ahead for Greece and Turkey.
Difficult problems remain to be solved before the promise can be realized.
Difficult problems require commitment and persistence to overcome.
Difficult problems require expert attention.
Difficult problems require hard choices and thoughtful analyses of costs and benefits.
Difficult problems require solid effort and commitment.
Difficult problems take a long time in the making and also in the solving.
More difficult problem is to exclude the possibility of degeneration of some band into a point.
More difficult problems can be good calculator practice.
More difficult problems exist for content providers on the internet.
Some difficult problems remain to be explored.
Difficult questions deserve thoughtful responses.
Difficult questions remain in many areas.
More difficult questions arise when multiple copies are made for distribution to students.
More difficult questions rise when multiple copies are made for distribution to students.
More difficult restrictions exist at the state and local levels.
Difficult routes abound.
Difficult shots are somehow more logical than simple ones.
Difficult sites are our speciality .
Difficult sites require inventive solutions that are best created by all members of a project team.
Difficult situations are common for someone with cerebral palsy.
Difficult situations become easier to handle.
Difficult situations become so much simpler .
Difficult situations can fuel flaring tempers and result in rash judgments.
Difficult situations require good journalists .
Many difficult situations arise when groups meet and people work together.
More difficult situations cause greater disruption.
Difficult smears take longer.
More difficult songs contain interesting vocabulary and idioms.
Difficult subjects become less complicated with self-paced learning units and activities.
Difficult tasks feel overwhelming.
Difficult tasks have a subordinant habit as the correct response.
More difficult tasks improve through cooperation.
Difficult things are part of life.
Difficult things are riskier.
Difficult things take extraordinary efforts.
Difficult times are good times.
Difficult times are the test for the effectiveness of and commitment to access rights.
Difficult times call for new approaches in higher education in the State of Hawai'i.
Difficult times call for tough measures.
Difficult times do call for radical action.
Difficult times happen.
Difficult times make great men and women.
Difficult times make it hard to focus on the fundamentals.
Difficult times require new strategies.
Difficult times require spiritual maturity.
Difficult times require understanding and cooperation more than anything else.
Some difficult times are ahead in funding priorities for parks.
More difficult tracks are unlocked in tournaments down the road.
Difficult trails require marks with surveyors tape.
More difficult transitions can be divorce, illness or injury.
Difficult venipuncture can cause pain for the patient.
Difficult virtues are again necessary.
Difficult vocabulary is footnoted on each page.
More difficult vocabulary is incorporated into reading exercises and writing activities.
Difficult words are boldfaced, with an asterisk.
Difficult words are thus either translated or explained.
Many difficult words are links.
Difficulty breathing can often lead to fear and anxiety.
Difficulty breathing is also common, with poor lung capacity the likely result.
Difficulty breathing is one of asthma s most common symptoms, but there are others.
Difficulty breathing makes day to day living harder.
Difficulty level is difficult, and objects, guards and walls remain the same.
Difficulty level is difficult, and objects, guards and walls stay the same.
Difficulty level is high.
Difficulty level is indicated.
Difficulty level is med.
Difficulty levels adjust to child's age.
Difficulty levels are available, though all they do is make it easier for one side or another.
Difficulty levels are easily customizable from basic to advanced.
Difficulty levels are easy to adjust.
Difficulty levels are moderate and moderate to strenuous.
Difficulty levels are significantly distinct, and the default setting is tough but beatable.
Difficulty levels can increase with more family members spending money.
Difficulty levels provide a good range of challenge.
Difficulty levels range from beginner to expert.
Difficulty levels range from beginner to professional.
Difficulty levels range from easy to medium to hard.
Difficulty levels shift from moderate to intense.
Difficulty levels vary according to the abilities of students.
Difficulty levels vary from fall color runs to the high Colorado passes.
Difficulty levels vary throughout the season and are dependent on water flow levels.
Difficulty levels vary.
All difficulty levels welcome.
Difficulty setting is just that hard to figure out, hard to make any real moves, hard to enjoy.
Difficulties abound, though.
Difficulties also arise when the home is an area with limited access.
Difficulties also can arise in the interaction between the app server and database server.
Difficulties also emerge when considering a risk reduction requirement.
Difficulties also exist in bringing prosecutions and obtaining sentences.
Difficulties also lie in creating scientific research plans that cross ecosystem boundaries.
Difficulties also manifest themselves with the projectile weapons.
Difficulties are a challenge to study, to confer, to pray.
Difficulties are certain to continue.
Difficulties are chiefly due to differences between the two languages.
Difficulties are far less personal for providers.
Difficulties are good.
Difficulties are impediments to motion.
Difficulties are liable to occur.
Difficulties are minimum, and complaints virtually non-existent.
Difficulties are minor, however.
Difficulties are more acute in some regions and in some years than others.
Difficulties are nothing but what both our enemies in society and Nature put in our way.
Difficulties are obstacles only to the weak.
Difficulties are opportunities to better things.
Difficulties are prods to higher understanding and achievement.
Difficulties are the foundation to form and reflect upon one s exquisite soul.
Difficulties are the proof of justice.
Difficulties are the things that show what men are.
Difficulties are there to be conquered.
Difficulties are usually due to weakness or poor co-ordination of movement.
Difficulties arise as more students bring guns on campus, or join gangs.
Difficulties arise from incompatible data systems.
Difficulties arise from over generalization and too much faith in statistics.
Difficulties arise in controlling variables and matching patient characteristics.
Difficulties arise in determining the timing, location, and magnitude of the impacts.
Difficulties arise in determining what is obscene.
Difficulties arise in preparing an injectable extract.
Difficulties arise in the modeling due to the lack of physical properties of pulverized coal.
Difficulties arise straightaway.
Difficulties arise when attempting to provide contraception to homeless, mentally disturbed women.
Difficulties arise when customers expect horizontally integrated products.
Difficulties arise when donors try to supply spare parts at the village level.
Difficulties arise when investments are made in assets other than stocks and bonds.
Difficulties arise when old work processes are applied to the new system.
Difficulties arise when the 'signal' is weak relative to the amount of 'noise'.
Difficulties arise when trying to set out more specific boundaries.
Difficulties arise when witnesses avert their eyes when giving important answers.
Difficulties arise, but never overpower the residents of Deep Valley, Minnesota.
Difficulties arise, however, in using the database to compare retention and attrition rates.
Difficulties arise, however, when deciding how a settlement is configured.
Difficulties arise, however, when people are reassigned.
Difficulties can also arise over the concept of director and direction .
Difficulties can arise for a number of reasons.
Difficulties can arise in any of the phases.
Difficulties can arise when integrating key data into the portal infrastructure.
Difficulties can lead to retention.
Difficulties can occur in enforcing rights which are unprotected by registered trade marks.
Difficulties can occur when sunspots appear close together.
Difficulties can occur when yeast overgrows the normal bacterial flora in food or the human body.
Difficulties come as dependably as thoughts.
Difficulties come with every news.
Difficulties come with news, and every difficulty overcame inreaches the inner world.
Difficulties concentrating and focusing attention are common.
Difficulties do arise.
Difficulties exist even in starting each journal.
Difficulties exist to be surmounted.
Difficulties exist wherever there are human beings.
Difficulties Identify contemporary organizational difficulties.
Difficulties initiating and maintaining sleep are common.
Difficulties lie ahead for several of the other proposals.
Difficulties mastered are opportunities won.
Difficulties obviously arise in defining what constitutes a significant research group or centre.
Difficulties occur when reciprocation becomes manipulation.
Difficulties occur, but they can be overcome.
Difficulties only arise when the lake is already impure.
Difficulties persist within the leather community itself as well as with the world at large.
Difficulties primarily involve anatomic constraints on implant placement.
Difficulties range from easy, to moderate, to advanced, to insane.
Difficulties related to the third and fourth strategies are somewhat different.
Difficulties remain and the major problem is to sell the product abroad.
Difficulties remain even as computers get more powerful and more households get high-speed lines.
Difficulties remain in getting commissioners for clubs.
Difficulties remain with retrievals.
Difficulties reveal heroes and cowards.
Difficulties show men what they are.
Difficulties show what women are as well.
Difficulties stem from customs such as tipping in restaurants and refueling vehicles.
Difficulties still exist with the low energy calibration.
Difficulties strengthen the mind as labor does the body.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Difficulties tend to grow the longer they are left, so please seek our advice early.
Difficulties understanding or expressing thoughts can make communication difficult.
Difficulties Using desktop-publishing software can be difficult.
Difficulty achieving an erection is also common.
Difficulty affects accuracy.
Difficulty affects dogs.
Difficulty appear out none six thus appear first time buyer auto financing.
Difficulty appear with none six thus regret florida auto sale.
Difficulty appear with none six thus regret ford pickup truck.
Difficulty appear with none six thus regret ford ranger crewcab.
Difficulty appear with none six thus regret ford saleen.
Difficulty appear with none six thus regret ford van.
Difficulty appear with none six thus regret frontier crewcab nissan.
Difficulty appear with none six thus regret geo bumpers.
Difficulty appears to have dropped a notch.
Difficulty arises first on the widest-offset trace.
Difficulty arises from several directions.
Difficulty arises in breaking words into syllables and in forming sentences.
Difficulty arises in determining the energy required to manufacture a given component.
Difficulty arises in some instances as to the date given.
Difficulty arises when comparisons are made because ego biases rational thought.
Difficulty arises when proof of likely success is required.
Difficulty arises when the number of units being compared is large.
Difficulty arises when the two column vectors of the matrix point in the same direction.
Difficulty arises when the velocity of the earth is depth-dependent, as it usually is.
Difficulty breathing through the nose can also worsen snoring.
Difficulty breathing through the nose can worsen snoring.
Difficulty can imply many things.
Difficulty can vary depending on the requests of the participants.
Difficulty cans have impact.
Difficulty cans have significant impact.
Difficulty causes problems.
Difficulty causes significant problems.
Difficulty change the number of apples by level.
Difficulty clenching the fist or grasping small objects is another common sign.
Difficulty comes from the rutted descents and almost impossibly loose climbs.
Difficulty comes in identifying geometric self-similarity.
Difficulty comes when groups of people expect diametrically opposed behavior from their royalty.
Difficulty communicating about the disease is a prominent theme throughout the literature.
Difficulty connecting at peak hours is common, as is very slow download speeds.
Difficulty controlling movements can make one look drunk, or worse, aggressive.
Difficulty depends on movement.
Difficulty driving a car, with several accidents or near misses, also occurs in the early stages.
Difficulty engages off that opportunity therefore return educational philosophy article.
Difficulty enter in lots drag strip.
Difficulty evaluating effectiveness with anonymous outreach, supervision is time-consuming.
Difficulty exist, however, in first subsoiling the fields, then bedding the ground.
Difficulty falling asleep is called sleep-onset insomnia.
Difficulty falling asleep is usually due to anxiety.
Difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep is called insomnia.
Difficulty finding main idea from presentation, attributes greater importance to minor details.
Difficulty finding workers is believed to be the reason.
Difficulty focusing means that they miss important social clues.
Difficulty focusing on objects, words jump around on the page or look distorted.
Difficulty getting off to sleep can be a sign of anxiety, as can waking in the night and bad dreams.
Difficulty give Wing behind some bus beside an woman.
Difficulty going on and off the toilet can be a thing of the past.
Difficulty has to mount.
Difficulty hold at most science and mercy contest for kid.
Difficulty increases as more hoops are added.
Difficulty increases as player progresses.
Difficulty increases exponentially.
Difficulty increases throughout the year.
Difficulty increases with academics.
Difficulty increases with larger rooms or intricate designs.
Difficulty increases with lower flow.
Difficulty initiating a hole is exacerbated if the drilling target is on a slope.
Difficulty initiating and maintaining sleep are common complaints in menopausal women.
Difficulty initiating and terminating steps result in a hurried or festinating gait.
Difficulty initiating stream is another symptom.
Difficulty is adjustable at the beginning of the game, and also during missions.
Difficulty is another issue.
Difficulty is as needful to appreciation as labour is to existence.
Difficulty is called skill, and a is expert, b is novice.
Difficulty is conditions.
Difficulty is considered moderate.
Difficulty is determined by length, traffic and the direction and speed of the wind.
Difficulty is determined by steepness, exposure, snow conditions and obstacles or hazards.
Difficulty is easy.
Difficulty is effort
Difficulty is estimated at moderate.
Difficulty is for people in average condition.
Difficulty is found in building up a press full of plants to a thickness of several inches.
Difficulty is geared to an average biker.
Difficulty is geared to the average biker.
Difficulty is in centralized bottleneck processor .
Difficulty is in group coordination more than in programming.
Difficulty is in the size and location of the fracture.
Difficulty is increased by varied pin placements.
Difficulty is moderate and falling rock a problem, especially for large groups.
Difficulty is moderate and the trail is also used for horses, mountain and motor bikes.
Difficulty is no longer an issue.
Difficulty is often the mother of new hopes and dreams.
Difficulty is quality.
Difficulty is rather high.
Difficulty is relative.
Difficulty is set just right.
Difficulty is subjective, but in our opinion it ranges from easy to extremely difficult.
Difficulty is the challenging component of experience.
Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts.
Difficulty is the necessary condition of such correction.
Difficulty is the percentage of students answering the item correctly.
Difficulty is the point.
Difficulty is unlikely to come from weak signals.
Difficulty is up.
Difficulty isa exertion.
Difficulty leads to deterioration.
Difficulty lies in determining who is on the opposite side of a position if one side is known.
Difficulty listen along lots complaint that ruin buyer clubs.
Difficulty losing weight can be a sign of hypothyroidism.
Difficulty making new friends and maintaining old relationships is yet another.
Difficulty making sense to others is a symptom of the acute phase of the illness.
Difficulty meeting academic responsibilities is one of the most common consequences of alcohol use.
Difficulty moves in the opposite direction to the call for more efficient work practices.
Difficulty paying attention is common in children with spina bifida in school and at home.
Difficulty poses problems.
Difficulty poses significant problems.
Difficulty poses significant technical problems.
Difficulty poses technical problems.
Difficulty pour Opportunity upon frost inside all football but jam until a ashes.
Difficulty producing alpha activity is associated with sleep onset insomnia.
Difficulty ranges across four levels, least competent to most competent.
Difficulty ranges from beginner to expert.
Difficulty ranges from easy to impossible, getting very hard, very quickly.
Difficulty ranges from easy to moderate.
Difficulty ranges from moderately easy to advanced.
Difficulty ranges from third-grade level to math wizard.
Difficulty ranges from very easy steps to amazingly complex ones requiring great feats of dexterity.
Difficulty ranges over eight settings, as do the attack levels.
Difficulty reach no croquet price beside farmer.
Difficulty refers to how, overall, challenging a game is.
Difficulty relating to peers - autistic children have difficulty playing with other children.
Difficulty results from the trauma that occurs to the tissue once it is outside the body.
Difficulty seeds the terrain of anxiety.
Difficulty seeing at night is often an early symptom of the disease.
Difficulty seeing both near and far is a natural part of the aging process.
Difficulty seeing the big picture also relates to problems with organization and prioritizing.
Difficulty sleeping at night is only one of the symptoms.
Difficulty sleeping at night represents only part of the picture in patients with insomnia.
Difficulty sleeping usually indicates an underlying problem.
Difficulty speaking English is associated with dropping out of school.
Difficulty staying asleep is termed sleep maintenance insomnia.
Difficulty suddenly jumps from easy to frustrating.
Difficulty swallowing from paretic state of the muscles, great prostration, wants to be left alone.
Difficulty swallowing occasionally occurs.
Difficulty telling colors, shapes past first grade.
Difficulty turning off the day's cares and worries is one of the biggest disruptions to sleep onset.
Difficulty using a telephone in a dream often indicates frustration or blocked communication.
Difficulty varies from flat, smooth walking to steep challenging terrain.
Difficulty varies with the trail.
Difficulty viewing framed pages is usually the result of older browsers.
Difficulty visiting burial sites in Vietnam is also distressful.
Difficulty walking generally is the first problem.
Difficulties always come with conflict.
Difficulties frequently arise in families or in marriages.
Difficulties frequently occur when contracts are verbal rather than written.
Difficulties often lie in the latch.
Difficulties usually arise in the 'grey' areas.
Difficulties usually start at the cash register.
All difficulties are fundamentally confusions.
All difficulty obscures hidden potentials for gain.
All difficulty vanishes.
Any difficulty is harder to bear in isolation.
Every difficulty contains prospective wealth.
Every difficulty is overcome and there are lots of smiles and jokes.
Every difficulty is provided for.
Many difficulties arise from a loss of balance through the body of either horse or rider.
Many difficulties arise from the operation of the law of prescription in the field.
Many difficulties exist in developing megafonts.
Many difficulties remain.
Most difficulties arise in distinguishing widespread multifocal disease from diffuse disease.
Most difficulties arise where two perfectly proper principles come into conflict.
Most difficulties reported are the result of uninformed, illicit use.
Most difficulties result from using older browser versions.
Most difficulty affects accuracy.
Most difficulty affects dogs.
Most difficulty causes problems.
Most difficulty causes significant problems.
Most difficulty depends on movement.
Most difficulty leads to deterioration.
Most difficulty occurs on steep slopes or when soil is very dry.
Most difficulty poses problems.
Most difficulty poses significant problems.
Most difficulty poses significant technical problems.
Most difficulty poses technical problems.
Some difficulties arise in calculating the number of people of Ukrainian origin in Australia.
Some difficulties arise when outstanding material quality is required.
Some difficulties arise with union organizations.
Some difficulties arise, furthermore, just from the nature of being single in our society.
Some difficulties can take many hours to resolve.
Some difficulties disclose themselves only late in the process.
Some difficulties do indeed result from too much loving.
Some difficulties exist with regard to the science portrayed in the cover artwork.
Some difficulties go beyond the ordinary.
Some difficulties have quick solutions.
Some difficulties remain, however.
Some difficulties remain.
Some difficulties seem to be known.
Some difficulties still remain, however.
Some difficulty affects cats.
Some difficulty becomes measurements.
Some difficulty is found in nature as only one side of each crocodile's tail is usually seen.
Some difficulty leads many researchers.
Some difficulty leads researchers.
Some difficulty leads to death.
Some difficulty leads to depressions.
Some difficulty leads to phenomena.
Some difficulty leads to such phenomena.
Some difficulty stems from samples.
Some difficulty stems from taxon samples.
Diffraction efficiency is inversely proportionate to the number of multiplexed holograms.
A diffraction grating is an optical device
Diffraction grating has many close-by slits, which magnifies the interference effects.
Diffraction gratings act like a prism and spread light out into a spectrum or a rainbow.
Diffraction gratings are optical devices.
Diffraction gratings are used in many analytical chemistry tools , such as a spectrometer .
Diffraction gratings are used in many analytical chemistry tools, such as a spectrometer.
Diffraction rings are essentially identical both inside and outside of focus.
Diffraction tomography can locate seismically reflective structures in the crust.
Diffraction affects the emission of x rays by relativistic electrons.
Diffraction also is the only way to see the atmospheric light color magenta in it's pure state.
Diffraction also occurs when light passes through an opening such as a lens.
Diffraction also occurs when light waves interact with a device called a diffraction grating.
Diffraction also occurs with matter such as electrons .
Diffraction also occurs with matter such as electrons.
Diffraction causes waves.
Diffraction depends both on primary mirror aperture and size of secondary obscuration.
Diffraction depends on the size of the object relative to the wavelength of the wave.
Diffraction describes the ability of a wave to pass around a barrier.
Diffraction describes the ability of a wave to spread out when it meets an obstacle.
Diffraction Focuses on the phenomenon of diffraction.
Diffraction Generates a single-slit diffraction pattern.
Diffraction gratings Several gratings are in use.
Diffraction happens when light waves bend around an obstacle.
Diffraction has a number of consequences for astronomy.
Diffraction is a particular example of wave interference and is common to all wave motion.
Diffraction is a phenomena arising from the wave nature of light.
Diffraction is a phenomenon which envolves the bending of waves around obstacles.
Diffraction is an optical phenomenon
Diffraction is caused by one wave of light being shifted by a diffracting object .
Diffraction is caused by one wave of light being shifted by a diffracting object.
Diffraction is defined as the spreading of a wave into a region behind an obstacle.
Diffraction is most noticable when the size of the obstruction is about the size of the wavelength.
Diffraction is the abilty of waves to bend round corners.
Diffraction is the bending of light around edges.
Diffraction is the bending of waves around obstacles, such as openings in slits.
Diffraction is the partial deflection of a ray of light at the corners of opaque objects.
Diffraction is the principle by which peacocks and hummingbirds display their colors.
Diffraction is the process by which light interference is most commonly observed.
Diffraction is the spreading of waves around obstacles.
Diffraction is what happens to a ray at it's light stopping edge, stopped by an object, it bends.
Diffraction isa phenomenon.
Diffraction limits the ability to distinguish fine details in images.
Diffraction limits the resolving power of microscopes and other magnifying devices.
Diffraction occurs because light can be characteristized as waves.
Diffraction occurs when a wavefront bends near a gap or an edge in the same medium.
Diffraction occurs when wave energy spreads out through an opening such the mouth of a harbor.
Diffraction occurs when waves pass through small openings, around obstacles, or around sharp edges.
Diffraction prevents scientists from creating a perfectly collimated beam with no divergence .
Diffraction prevents scientists from creating a perfectly collimated beam with no divergence.
Diffraction provides a means to understand or disorder, and micro-crystalline state.
Diffraction sets a limit on the resolving power of a pinhole eye.
Diffraction sets a minimum size for the spot.
Diffraction takes care of the multiple colored rings, like with the corona.
Diffraction takes place among all waves at all times.
Diffraction Think of the electrons in a crystal as emitters of little waves.
Diffractions are a result of lateral imperfections in the generally flat sea floor.
Most diffraction causes waves.
Some diffraction is caused by clouds.
Some diffraction is caused by thin clouds.
Some diffraction takes places.
Diffractive components are strongly wavelength dependent.
Diffractive elements are very light, as they are formed in thin films of a few um thickness only.
Diffractive optics employ constructive and destructive interference to manipulate light.
Diffractometer time is a valuable item.
Diffuse knapweed can resemble spotted knapweed with the black tipped bracts.
A diffuse nebula is a nebula
Many diffuse nebulae are relatively large objects, so their light is spread over a wide area.
Diffuse pollutants pose particular problems.
Diffuse pollutants pose problems.
Diffused light has little power at all.
Diffused light is indirect, appearing to come from every direction.
Diffused light is located in water.
Diffused light prevents deep black shadows.
Diffused lighting creates a smooth, shadowless effect, which makes people look more natural.
Diffused skylights are a major source of lighting for the building during daylight hours.
Diffused sunlight is filtered through translucent plastic overheads.
Diffused sunlight shadows the grounded afternoon.
A diffuser is a plate
Diffusers are baffles.
Diffusers are made of ceramic with tightly formed pores.
Diffusers are optical devices.
Diffusers are part of lamps.
Diffusers are part of lighting fixtures.
Diffusers improve the light uniformity of a display.
Diffusers reduce output by one f-stop.
Diffusers rotate on a central mounting asssembly.
Diffusers work by absorbing scented oil and then slowly releasing the frangrance throughout the day.
Some diffusers have a bowl on top and a place for a candle below .
Diffusible factors regulate hair cell regeneration in the avian inner ear.
Diffusion barriers keep the high-conductivity copper from diffusing into the dielectric layers.
Diffusion Capacity measures the ability of the lungs to diffuse oxygen.
Diffusion coefficients extracted from least squares fits to Eq.
Diffusion coefficients increase almost linearly with water content.
Diffusion filters are very popular for videotaping weddings.
Diffusion filters work by diffusing the light to create a soft image.
Diffusion of responsibility is an explanation for the bystander effect.
Diffusion of responsibility is the correct choice.
Diffusion processes appear to be responsible for the unsharpness of the replicated structures.
Diffusion processes can operate in the absence of groundwater flow.
Diffusion tests require measurements.
Diffusion tests require precise measurements.
Diffusion theory attempts to explain the spread of an innovation through a group or society.
Diffusion theory is developed to examine the space-time variation of neutrons in fission devices.
Diffusion adds a soft touch.
Diffusion allows gas exchange to occur.
Diffusion alone governs direction of gas flow.
Diffusion alone is relatively simple.
Diffusion also occurs to some extent in both cholinergic and adrenergic receptor sites.
Diffusion apparently reduces stress concentration, encouraging creep rather than seismic rupture.
Diffusion becomes more prominent at small scales.
Diffusion can be passive or facilitated.
Diffusion can occur through a cell membrane.
Diffusion can occur through tight junctions or within bulk solutions.
Diffusion can only work with gases and liquids .
Diffusion can only work with gases and liquids.
Diffusion can take place right through the skin.
Diffusion can vary with wavelength.
Diffusion can, however, transport large quantities of hazardous materials out of the disposal site.
Diffusion coefficients in metals.
Diffusion continues until it reaches equilibrium.
Diffusion controlled process is faster when there is larger surface area.
Diffusion controls the TCE transport in unswept columns.
Diffusion decreases as early as three minutes after onset.
Diffusion depends on five main variables.
Diffusion depends upon random particle movements.
Diffusion describes the transfer of material from one spatial location to another.
Diffusion diffuses the patterning on the sides and eliminates the belly pattern.
Diffusion Diffusing essential oils is what is called aromatherapy.
Diffusion fixes the minimum track length observable and hence the sensitivity.
Diffusion has a special character because of the newness of the idea in the message content.
Diffusion Imagine the particles are perfume molecules trapped inside a bottle.
Diffusion involves the collision of gas molecules.
Diffusion is a geologically very important transport mechanism.
Diffusion is a kind of migration of molecules from areas of high density to areas of low density.
Diffusion is a passive process driven by random movement of molecules.
Diffusion is a passive type of transport, it requires no additional energy to make it work.
Diffusion is a physical fact.
Diffusion is a process.
Diffusion is a rather lightish yellow colour.
Diffusion is a result of the kinetic energy of atoms and molecules.
Diffusion is a selective process.
Diffusion is a slow and weak force.
Diffusion is a slow process, moving chemical molecules only very short distances.
Diffusion is a special case of passive movement in a chemical field.
Diffusion is a thermally activated process.
Diffusion is a viable mechanism for primary migration.
Diffusion is achieved through applying a nonlinear feedback shift register to a column of pixels.
Diffusion is also the process by which gases move in and out of the leaf.
Diffusion is also the process of two gases mixing together, if both stored in the same container.
Diffusion is always down a concentration gradient.
Diffusion is always necessary for deposition.
Diffusion is an action
Diffusion is an important process for signal transduction.
Diffusion is associated with the dependency of the output bits on the input bits .
Diffusion is associated with the dependency of the output bits on the input bits.
Diffusion is based on a contagion process occuring on the occasion of random encounters.
Diffusion is caused by kinetic energy , the energy of motion.
Diffusion is caused by quick leaps of penetrant molecules from one cavity to another.
Diffusion is driven by concentration gradients.
Diffusion is essential to living things.
Diffusion is imperative for the distribution of ion and other solutes within a cell.
Diffusion is important in many life processes.
Diffusion is limited by the tortuosity parameter, which as yet is poorly explained by theory.
Diffusion is limited to the southern province of Pisa.
Diffusion is modelled by piecewise linear finite elements at each new time level.
Diffusion is more effective than coercion.
Diffusion is more preferred in the manufacturing industry.
Diffusion is more upward than down with the width of the band increasing as the rate increases.
Diffusion is movement of particle from high to low concentration.
Diffusion is natural processes.
Diffusion is one form of passive transport.
Diffusion is one of the fundamental processes by which material moves.
Diffusion is one of the more expensive push products on the market.
Diffusion is one type of passive transport.
Diffusion is passive movement down a concentration gradient.
Diffusion is random movement down a concentration gradient.
Diffusion is required for the neurotransmitter to reach the target cells.
Diffusion is required to supply all organisms with oxygen.
Diffusion is simply related to the ability of a current to pass through the cluster.
Diffusion is simulated by a random walk.
Diffusion is slow, and rot consumes the oxygen faster than it can arrive.
Diffusion is spread.
Diffusion is sufficient.
Diffusion is the dominant transport mechanism for phosphorus and potassium.
Diffusion is the driving force behind the movement of many substances across cell membrane.
Diffusion is the electrical exchange of ions at a molecular level.
Diffusion is the intermingling of solids, liquids, and gases due to differences in composition.
Diffusion is the intermingling of two or more types of atoms or molecules.
Diffusion is the kind of heat transfer which becomes important.
Diffusion is the main process in metallurgy and crystal growth.
Diffusion is the most important mechanism for deposition in the small airways and alveoli.
Diffusion is the movement of materials from a higher concentration to a lower concentration.
Diffusion is the movement of materials from a higher to a lower concentration.
Diffusion is the movement of molecules through the soil.
Diffusion is the movement of particles from a high density region to a low density region.
Diffusion is the movement of point defects through the lattice.
Diffusion is the moving of particles from areas of high concentration to areas of low concentration.
Diffusion is the net movement down the concentration gradient.
Diffusion is the osmosis of water.
Diffusion is the physical processes by which they come into contact with one another.
Diffusion is the process by which ions move from an area of higher to lower concentration.
Diffusion is the process by which liquid metals mix without stirring.
Diffusion is the process by which the adoption of an innovation spreads.
Diffusion is the process used by mechanical aerators.
Diffusion is the random molecular motion of molecules or atoms due to their kinetic energy.
Diffusion is the reason photographers like to shoot under an overcast sky.
Diffusion is the result of collisions between molecules.
Diffusion is the result of thermal motion.
Diffusion is the spread of an innovation among a group.
Diffusion is the spread of ideas to other areas.
Diffusion is the transfer of materials across or through the cell membrane.
Diffusion is the way water moves out of the saltwater fish and into the ocean.
Diffusion is usually much less important than mass flow.
Diffusion is very quick over short distances but extremely slow at long ones.
Diffusion is very slow.
Diffusion is when particles move from a high concentrated area to a low concentrated area.
Diffusion is when traditions move across boundaries.
Diffusion is where elements move from an area of high concentration to an area of low concentration.
Diffusion isa process.
Diffusion means moving from one area to another.
Diffusion moves oxygen across respiratory surfaces.
Diffusion moves the molecules from the more concentrated side to less concentrated side.
Diffusion negates the existence of weak ciphering keys.
Diffusion occurs as a random selection of a particular path through the mountain passes.
Diffusion occurs at different rates for different innovations, so the time for adoption varies.
Diffusion occurs based on differences in concentration.
Diffusion occurs because of the natural random movement of molecules.
Diffusion occurs between the capillaries of the two blood supplies.
Diffusion occurs even after equilibrium is reached and no net change is apparent.
Diffusion occurs from a region of higher concentration to a region of lower concentration.
Diffusion occurs in the human body, too.
Diffusion only works in a very small organism.
Diffusion partly determines the rate of transport.
Diffusion plays an important role in the movement of materials, but it is a very slow process.
Diffusion pump fluid.
Diffusion reduces concentration.
Diffusion reduces the sense of direction of a sound source, a useful quality in surround speakers.
Diffusion relies on proton secretion.
Diffusion relies on secretion.
Diffusion represents a minimal loss rate from a reservoir.
Diffusion requires exposing water to the air.
Diffusion returns to normal within seven days after an ischemic event.
Diffusion starts on Earth as soon as the chambers are filled.
Diffusion starts on Earth, as soon as the chambers are filled.
Diffusion takes place in the area of the welding.
Diffusion takes place more slowly in water because water is denser than air.
Diffusion takes place very slowly in the film.
Diffusion tends to be slow at first.
Diffusion tends to distribute particles uniformly throughout the available volume.
Diffusion then occurs from the white layer into the steel.
Diffusion always occurs down a concentration gradient.
Diffusion often masks gravitational effects.
Diffusion usually happens in a gas although it can happen in a liquid .
Diffusion usually happens in a gas although it can happen in a liquid.
All diffusion pumped systems include cryogenic trap over pump with chiller.
Most diffusion reduces concentration.
Most diffusion relies on proton secretion.
Most diffusion relies on secretion.
Some diffusion occurs across gut walls.
Some diffusion occurs across walls.
Some diffusion occurs in capillaries.
Diffusional anisotropy is induced by subcellular barriers in skeletal muscle.
Diffusive acceleration takes place at strong shocks.
Diffusive surfaces enhance envelopment and sound distribution throughout the room.
Difinitive identification requires culture and biochemical testing.
A dig is a creation
Dig is similiar in functionality to the host program listed above.
Digs are dents.
Digs are excavation.
Digs are sites.
Digs are touch.
DIGs differ from caveolae in that caveolae are invaginated and ready to be internalized.
Digs escape burrows at the base of shrubs.
Digs vary from careful re-opening and conservation of old mines through to discovering virgin cave.
Every dig usually fills up some gap in our knowledge.
Every dig has a story and some photos.
Many digs are in unrelentingly hot locations, without access to showers or even bathrooms.
Many digs are the result of an initial small discovery made by a local collector.
Most digs do offer some sort of group discount flight from the United States to the Middle East.
Some digs are open to the public.
Digby soils are on terraces and outwash plains.
Digene executives believe the company is at the beginning of a long climb in revenue growth.
Digenean adults produce an egg.
All digenean species have at least two hosts, the first a mollusc.
Digenean trematodes are widespread parasites of marine fauna.
Digenetic trematodes have complex life cycles, which require at least two hosts.
Digenic flukes are parasites of vertebrates and mollusks.
Digest authentication is much better.
Digest authentication supports encryption of the transmitted username and password.
Digest food contains bacteria.
Digest food goes to intestines.
Most digest food contains bacteria.
Most digest food goes to intestines.
Digest form is a great service.
Digest form is available for both lists.
Digest forms are available.
Digest frequency is a function of list volume.
Digest option is available.
Digest postings are available.
Digest product is as affordable as it is versatile.
All digest subscribers receive quarterly updates for the Acts they select at no additional charge.
Digest subscriptions arrive as one long email every one to three days, depending on the list.
Digest summaries highlight particularly newsworthy research appearing in each issue.
Digest version is also available.
Digest version is available.
Digest versions are available.
Digest versions are setup as well.
Digest is a periodical
Digest is periodicals.
Digests allow users to receive one message over a given timeframe vs. one for every message sent.
Digests also contain a Table of Cases, which is an alphabetical listing by case name.
Digests also permit versioning, so people can release new versions of executables and data.
Digests appear daily.
Digests are a single message with of all discussion on a given day, arranged by thread.
Digests are all the email messages from a defined period of time, combined into one email message.
Digests are also a good way to archive messages.
Digests are available for specific subject categories.
Digests are available.
Digests are beneficial for lists that handle a high volume of messages.
Digests are compilations of the messages that are sent to the list.
Digests are detailed subject indexes to law as defined in reported cases.
Digests are informative, easy to read, and free.
Digests are sometimes easier to manage.
Digests are the back-issues, grouped by volume.
Digests are the finding tools for case law .
Digests are the indexes to court cases.
Digests are the traditional means of finding cases once the above have been tried.
Digests are the traditional means of finding cases.
Digests are too big and hard to find interested discussions.
Digests are unaffected.
Digests are usually the best source to locate cases on a specific topic.
Digests collect a whole day's postings in one email.
Digests contain short case notes arranged alphabetically by legal subject and indexed by keywords.
Digests contain summaries of cases.
Digests contain the complete text of all messages.
Digests contain the full text of postings collected during the last day or week.
Digests cover successive time periods.
Digests go out each night at midnight.
Digests is the default subscription setting and is the best setting for most people.
Digests oil in the soil.
Digests organize a number of messages into one large message.
Digests provide a subject approach to case law.
Digests provide brief summaries of cases organized by subject.
Digests provide subject access to all r eported cases.
Digests provide subject access to all reported cases.
Digests provide the primary means for finding case law on a given topic.
Digests Provides a list of court decisions by broad subject.
Digests reflect past discussions.
Digests represent a more coherent, albeit abbreviated version of the interview.
Digests seem to be sent out at around midnight every day.
Digests summarize current research findings and critical literature in a field.
Digests work as usual.
Digests often provide links to the full text of the decision.
Digests usually begin with a table of contents.
All digests are subject to the approval by the conference organizing committee.
Many digests are available, check with a reference librarian for assistance in locating one to use.
Most Digests contain a reference list for further reading.
Some Digests are available in Spanish and German .
Some Digests are available in Spanish and German.
Some digests are separate sets of books.
Some digests run weekly, others daily.
Digested food is absorbed and assimilated.
Digested food is absorbed in the small intestine.
Digested food is absorbed through a process similar to osmosis.
Digested material is absorbed into the body through the pyloric ceca.
Digested material is absorbed through the pyloric ceca for transport to the rest of the body.
Digested sludge is disposed of through incineration.
Digested sludge is pumped out to sludge drying beds which are similar in appearance to lagoons.
Digested version is also available.
A digester is a vessel
Digesters are autoclaves.
Digesters are often a better investment than a lagoon over the long term life of the structure.
Digesters can help combat methane release by burning the gas and converting it to carbon dioxide.
Digesters have a holding area for biological activity and a means to capture gas produced.
Digesters mix the garbage with sludge and process it for three days.
Digesters operating in industry are much more likely to be routinely fed.
Digesters reduce odor generation and migration.
Every digester is a serious piece of highly technical civil engineering.
Some digesters come with a pedal apparatus.
A digestibility is a property
Digestibilities are edibility.
Digestibility calculated after removing the endogenous nutrients is called true digestibility.
Digestibility is also a factor.
Digestibility is defined as the proportion of the nutrient which is absorbed by the animals.
Digestibility is how well the gut can break down the protein into amino acids.
Digestibility is improved by grinding the seeds into a fine powder.
Digestibility is lower for algae, and the data are inconclusive.
Digestibility is lower than from earlier harvests.
Digestibility is used to estimate bioavailability.
Digestibility refers to how much of the food is actually absorbed by the bird's system.
Digestible fiber is especially important in dairy goat diets.
Digestible particles are collected and transported to the mouth opening.
Digestion enzymes take places.
Most digestion enzymes take places.
Digestion of lipids is due to lipase, which is still secreted as normal.
Digestion also improves.
Digestion also stabilizes the sludge to reduce odors.
Digestion begins externally and is completed intracellularly.
Digestion begins in mouths.
Digestion begins in the mouth .
Digestion begins in the mouth and ends in the large intestine.
Digestion begins in the mouth and is completed at the anus.
Digestion begins in the mouth where feeds are chewed and wetted with saliva.
Digestion begins in the mouth where salivary amylase starts the breakdown of carbohydrates.
Digestion begins in the mouth with the action of salivary amylase.
Digestion begins in the mouth with the salivary glands.
Digestion begins in the mouth, because there are certain bacteria in the mouth.
Digestion begins in the mouth, well before food reaches the stomach.
Digestion begins in the mouth.
Digestion begins in the stomach of an amphibian.
Digestion begins in the stomach with materials produced by gastric cells in the stomach lining.
Digestion begins with our saliva.
Digestion begins with the mouth.
Digestion breaks down food into various nutrients.
Digestion breaks food down into small molecules.
Digestion breaks peptide bonds and affects the primary structure of the protein.
Digestion breaks the proteins down for use in the metabolism.
Digestion can help ducks stay warm.
Digestion can include nutritious molecules or potentially harmful molecules like alcohol.
Digestion can take a long time.
Digestion can take hours or days.
Digestion ceases and peripheral blood vessels constrict.
Digestion ceases from brain exhaustion.
Digestion ceases, the circulation is reduced, and the immune and other defence systems slow or stop.
Digestion certainly involves combustion.
Digestion completely stops and energy is obtained from fat stores.
Digestion consists of three processes.
Digestion contributes to ability.
Digestion creates methane.
Digestion destroys any hormonal activity.
Digestion does work a bit differently.
Digestion enzymes aid in food assimilation and chemical digestion.
Digestion fails because the body has no energy left for production of enzymes and digestive juices.
Digestion gives mostly blunt-ends.
Digestion happens because of enzymes.
Digestion has to take place at the right time.
Digestion includes both mechanical and chemical processes.
Digestion involves actions.
Digestion involves breaking organic compounds into simple soluble substances absorbable by tissues.
Digestion involves enzymes.
Digestion is a complex process controlled by several factors.
Digestion is a complex, time-consuming and energy consuming process.
Digestion is a consideration when reading a menu.
Digestion is a key rehabilitation goal for many.
Digestion is a necessary first step for all foods.
Digestion is a process subsidiary to absorption.
Digestion is a process that requires quite a bit of energy.
Digestion is a process
Digestion is a slow process.
Digestion is also a chemical process, which varies with the kind of substance that is being eaten.
Digestion is an example of catabolism.
Digestion is an important Pitta activity.
Digestion is assisted by bacterial fermentation, like ruminants and other herbivores.
Digestion is both extra and intracellular.
Digestion is carried out in a closed tank so the biogas can be collected and conditions controlled.
Digestion is carried out internally and externally.
Digestion is chemical change.
Digestion is chemical processes.
Digestion is complete when digestate is light in color.
Digestion is complete when solution is clear or light-colored.
Digestion is completed andabsorption is best in the small intestine.
Digestion is completed in the fourth stomach and nutrients are extracted in the small intestine.
Digestion is completed in the small intestine.
Digestion is completed within food vacuoles of nutritive-muscular cells.
Digestion is considered a stressor so the body tries to resolve it relatively quickly.
Digestion is delayed by a decrease in gastrointestinal secretions.
Digestion is easier.
Digestion is efficient and passage through the digestive system is quite rapid for a reptile.
Digestion is efficient only within a certain range of body temperatures.
Digestion is enhanced and the liver function strengthened.
Digestion is entirely extracellular.
Digestion is essen- tially extracellular.
Digestion is essential in helping nutrients be absorbed by our intestinal cells.
Digestion is extracellular as well as intracellular in both the cases.
Digestion is halted and the muscles are filled with a rush of blood.
Digestion is heat-mediated.
Digestion is immediately and clearly recognizable because of the discharge of excrements.
Digestion is impaired.
Digestion is improved and the organs function normally.
Digestion is improved, as is the immune system, and blood pressure can be lowered.
Digestion is incomplete if charring occurs upon contact of the two liquids.
Digestion is inhibited, breathing is shallow, the mouth is dry and the pupils dilate.
Digestion is internal and some solid food is taken in, which is uncharacteristic for arachnids.
Digestion is intracellular and is accomplished inside the food vacuole.
Digestion is intracellular, meaning that it occurs inside cells.
Digestion is intracellular.
Digestion is king.
Digestion is known to be a process of oxidation.
Digestion is largely a matter of chemical changes in the food eaten.
Digestion is mechanical and chemical.
Digestion is normally one way, but occasionally there is a backing-up, or reflux, of material.
Digestion is often the first processes disturbed in times of stress.
Digestion is only simple at the general level.
Digestion is primarily extracellular.
Digestion is rapid and faeces are expelled under pressure.
Digestion is rapid.
Digestion is slow, the bowels are constipated and there is protrusion of the rectum when at stool.
Digestion is slower and hence there's constipation.
Digestion is slower in space due to a decrease in digestive tract movement.
Digestion is the A. chemical and mechanical breakdown of food into small molecules.
Digestion is the breakdown of food in the body.
Digestion is the breakdown of food into smaller particles or individual nutrients.
Digestion is the break-up of the complex food chemicals into simple soluble absorbable subunits.
Digestion is the chemical and physical breakdown of food into compounds usable by the body.
Digestion is the most energy consuming thing our bodies do.
Digestion is the one remaining factor included in the list given earlier.
Digestion is the process of breaking down food into nutrients.
Digestion is the process of breaking down large food molecules into smaller ones.
Digestion is the process of converting food to monomers.
Digestion is the process of dissolving the food, making it more diffusible and available.
Digestion is the process of splitting lactose back into glucose and galactose again.
Digestion is thus defective, intestinal putrification occurs, and body toxins accumulate.
Digestion is under control.
Digestion is usually the first function to suffer.
Digestion is where 'eating right and good health' begins.
Digestion is, however, completed in the intestine.
Digestion isa process.
Digestion leads to elimination.
Digestion occurs at degrees.
Digestion occurs because of digestive juices which are secreted from the stomach.
Digestion occurs both in the stomach and in the glands themselves.
Digestion occurs by introducing a variety of micro-organisms into the effluent.
Digestion occurs in an autoclave.
Digestion occurs in animals.
Digestion occurs in different animals.
Digestion occurs in duodenums.
Digestion occurs in intestines.
Digestion occurs in organs.
Digestion occurs in small intestines.
Digestion occurs in stomachs.
Digestion occurs in the gastrointestinal tract, also known as the alimentary canal .
Digestion occurs in the intestine, with the caecum producing further digestive enzymes .
Digestion occurs inside food vacuole.
Digestion occurs outside the fungal body.
Digestion precedes ingestion.
Digestion produces a great deal of heat and keeps the body warm during the evening rest in the tent.
Digestion produces bile.
Digestion produces flammable gases.
Digestion produces flammable methane gases.
Digestion produces gases.
Digestion produces heat, but fat-supplemented feed generates less heat than fibrous feeds.
Digestion produces methane gases.
Digestion produces natural gases.
Digestion produces renewable natural gases.
Digestion Recognizes the role of proper food storage and preparation in the prevention of illness.
Digestion reduces complex carbohydrates to simple sugars, which act as fuel in our body.
Digestion reduces the complex carbohydrates to simple sugars, which act as fuel in our body.
Digestion relates to one's ability to digest the circumstances of one's life.
Digestion releases the scolices, which mature in cattle and become adult tapeworms.
Digestion requires actions.
Digestion requires energy.
Digestion requires enzymes.
Digestion requires heat, which is focused energy.
Digestion requires routing the blood supply to the digestive tract to pick up nutrients.
Digestion requires some adaptation of the intestine like enlarged, sacculated parts of the colon.
Digestion riddles the baby.
Digestion serves the same function in animals.
Digestion significantly reduces sludge quantity.
Digestion slows affecting g absorption or nutrients from food.
Digestion slows down when labour starts.
Digestion slows down, breathing becomes shallower and blood pressure increases.
Digestion starts by breaking down the nutrients so they can absorbed and moved into the blood.
Digestion starts in the month.
Digestion starts in the mouth where chewing and saliva secretion occur.
Digestion starts in the mouth where enzymes are released.
Digestion starts in the mouth with the partial break-down of starch by the enzyme ptyalin.
Digestion starts in the mouth.
Digestion starts when food is chewed in the mouth.
Digestion starts with the teeth.
Digestion takes a large number of calories to complete.
Digestion takes about ten days, after which the prey is reduced to a husk of chitin .
Digestion takes place here and the contents are absorbed by the endodermal cells.
Digestion takes place here.
Digestion takes place in nearly a straight line down the earthworm's body.
Digestion takes place in our bodies in the digestive system.
Digestion takes place in the coelenteron.
Digestion takes place in the intestine.
Digestion takes place in the stomach which occupies most of the mesosoma and part of the prosoma.
Digestion takes place in the stomach, with the aid of very strong digestive juices.
Digestion takes place with enzymes .
Digestion takes place without the aid of a stomach.
Digestion takes places.
Digestion then begins.
Digestion then occurs within a food vacuole.
Digestion transforms into energy.
Digestion transforms into heat energy.
Digestion uses digestive enzymes.
Digestion uses enzymatic hydrolysis to break bonds in macromolecules.
Digestion uses enzymes.
Digestion uses up strength.
Digestion works first by food entering the mouth and being masticated, or chewed.
Digestion usually involves splitting of bonds between molecules, or between parts of molecules.
All digestion is completed in the small intestine.
Most digestion actually takes place there, rather than in the stomach.
Most digestion begins in mouths.
Most digestion creates methane.
Most digestion involves actions.
Most digestion involves enzymes.
Most digestion is completed in the small intestine.
Most digestion leads to elimination.
Most digestion occurs at degrees.
Most digestion occurs in animals.
Most digestion occurs in different animals.
Most digestion occurs in duodenums.
Most digestion occurs in intestines.
Most digestion occurs in organs.
Most digestion occurs in small intestines.
Most digestion occurs in stomachs.
Most digestion occurs in the upper portion of the small intestine, called the duodenum.
Most digestion produces bile.
Most digestion produces flammable gases.
Most digestion produces flammable methane gases.
Most digestion produces gases.
Most digestion produces methane gases.
Most digestion produces natural gases.
Most digestion produces renewable natural gases.
Most digestion requires actions.
Most digestion requires energy.
Most digestion requires enzymes.
Most digestion takes place in the stomach.
Most digestion takes places.
Most digestion therefore occurs in the small and large intestines.
Most digestion uses digestive enzymes.
Most digestion uses enzymes.
Some digestion causes problems.
Some digestion causes real problems.
Some digestion explains functions.
Some digestion has effects.
Some digestion has energy.
Some digestion improves posture.
Some digestion improves yoga posture.
Some digestion leads to calorie intake.
Some digestion leads to diseases.
Some digestion leads to intake.
Some digestion leads to lower calorie intake.
Some digestion leads to lower intake.
Some digestion leads to neurological problems.
Some digestion leads to problems.
Some digestion leads to serious neurological problems.
Some digestion leads to serious problems.
Some digestion lowers cholesterol.
Some digestion occurs in cavities.
Some digestion occurs in colons.
Some digestion occurs in compartments.
Some digestion occurs in esophagi.
Some digestion occurs in food vacuoles.
Some digestion occurs in mouths.
Some digestion occurs in vacuoles.
Some digestion requires fermentation.
Some digestion requires grit.
Some digestion requires passage.
Some digestion requires slow passage.
Some digestion takes place in the stomach, much as in the stomach of man.
Digestive acid breaks down food.
Most digestive acid breaks down food.
Digestive activity shuts down in order to divert all available energy to muscles.
Most digestive bacteria have kinds.
Digestive bacteria have kinds.
Digestive blends are mint green.
Some digestive conditions display canker sores as part of their disorder.
Digestive difficulties are fairly common, as is the passing of worms.
Digestive difficulties can increase with the use of formula.
Digestive diseases affect all ages, ethnicities and genders.
Digestive diseases cause damage.
Digestive diseases have a major health impact when compared with afflictions of other organ systems.
Most digestive diseases cause damage.
Digestive disorder is illnesses.
Digestive disorder results in ailment.
Digestive disorder results in gastrointestinal ailment.
Digestive disorders are a major source of lost time.
Digestive disorders are among the most common disorders that occur in pet chinchillas.
Digestive disorders can result, as can back problems.
Digestive Disorders Get the latest in-depth news, research, and information about a condition.
Digestive disorders relate to a third chakra fire imbalance.
All digestive disorders involve disturbances in pH levels and enzyme functions.
Some digestive disorder affects children.
Some digestive disorder is caused by herbages.
Some digestive disorder is caused by young herbages.
Digestive distress is legendary among SDAs.
Digestive enzymes act solely at the surface of food particles.
Digestive enzymes are added to create a slurry to make the food pass easier.
Digestive enzymes are also beneficial.
Digestive enzymes are also useful.
Digestive enzymes are another line of protection.
Digestive enzymes are keys to health.
Digestive enzymes are necessary for a complete digestion.
Digestive enzymes are secreted by organs.
Digestive enzymes are secreted by the organs of the digestive system.
Digestive enzymes are secreted from the endoderm of bulbs.
Digestive enzymes are secreted from the hyphal tip.
Digestive enzymes are secreted from the mouth to begin external digestion.
Digestive enzymes are secreted into the food vacuole, which break down the food.
Digestive enzymes are very important.
Digestive enzymes are virtually mandatory in building the digestion in allergic people.
Digestive enzymes are vital to extract the nutritional value from foods.
Digestive enzymes assist by keeping down the presence of undigested foods.
Digestive enzymes assure complete digestion, dissolves fats, eliminates gas and toxins.
Digestive enzymes break down carbohydrates.
Digestive enzymes break down materials.
Digestive enzymes break down meals.
Digestive enzymes break down proteins.
Digestive enzymes bring about change.
Digestive enzymes can be helpful beyond the digestive and immune systems.
Digestive enzymes can be more specific.
Digestive enzymes continue to breakdown larger food molecules in preparation for absorption.
Digestive enzymes derived from plants are more precious than gold or diamonds.
Digestive enzymes develop a specific capacity and function for each type of food.
Digestive enzymes enter the caecum in the ducts from the digestive gland.
Digestive enzymes have problems digesting crystalline structures.
Digestive enzymes help break down seed coat.
Digestive enzymes help to accomplish complete digestion.
Digestive enzymes hydrolyze the polymers in food.
Digestive enzymes illustrate the latter.
Digestive enzymes improve effectiveness.
Digestive enzymes release the organisms, which invade the feline small intestine.
Digestive enzymes serve to assimilate carbohydrates, proteins and fats in the body.
Digestive enzymes tear the bact.
Most digestive enzymes are secreted by organs.
Most digestive enzymes break down carbohydrates.
Most digestive enzymes break down materials.
Most digestive enzymes break down meals.
Most digestive enzymes break down proteins.
Most digestive enzymes improve effectiveness.
Some digestive enzymes are produced by glands.
Some digestive enzymes are produced by plants.
Some digestive enzymes are released by pancreases.
Some digestive enzymes break down complex compounds.
Some digestive enzymes break down compounds.
Some digestive enzymes break down food vacuoles.
Some digestive enzymes break down food.
Some digestive enzymes break down solid food.
Some digestive enzymes break down vacuoles.
Some digestive enzymes control blood sugar levels.
Some digestive enzymes enter pancreases.
Some digestive enzymes exhibit antimicrobial activities.
Some digestive enzymes help food.
Some digestive enzymes help proteins.
Some digestive enzymes help states.
Some digestive enzymes irritate endometriums.
Some digestive enzymes mix with food.
Some digestive fluid is secreted by digestive stomachs.
Some digestive fluid is secreted by stomachs.
A digestive gland is a gland
Digestive glands have functions.
Digestive glands open into stomachs.
Digestive glands produce enzymes.
Digestive glands secrete enzymes.
Digestive glands secrete their fluids better and the bowels move more easily.
Most digestive glands have functions.
Most digestive glands produce enzymes.
Digestive herbs help with abdominal discomfort, water metabolism and stimulate Blood replenishment.
Digestive hormones are made by cells lining the stomach and small intestine.
Digestive juice is humour
Digestive juices can turn the mollusk's body to liquid inside the shells, making for a tasty snack.
Digestive juices contain enzymes that break food down into different nutrients.
Digestive juices drain into the intestines, eliminating fluid loss and dehydration.
Some digestive juice contains enzymes.
Digestive muscles weaken.
Digestive physiology is a determinant of foraging bout frequency in hummingbirds.
Digestive power is maximum in the day and decreases as night approaches.
Digestive problems are one of the most common complaints of modern life.
Digestive problems are rampant.
Digestive problems associate with imbalances.
Digestive problems can also cause bad breath.
Digestive problems can also show up as changes in the number or character of bowel movements.
Digestive problems can block or impair the action of some medicines.
Digestive problems can result in feces that are too soft or too hard.
Digestive problems comprise the number one health problem in North America.
Digestive problems relate to ages.
Many digestive problems are a sign of enzyme depletion.
Many digestive problems result when a pet gets into the garbage.
Most digestive problems appear to be because there is too much stomach acid at work.
Most digestive problems associate with imbalances.
Most digestive problems relate to ages.
Some digestive problems relate to energy.
Digestive processes can disturb sleep.
Digestive processes occur in contact with glandular hairs or in the bladders.
Digestive rates determine how quickly nutrients are assimilated from feed ingredients.
Digestive secretions diminish markedly, although enzymes remain adequate.
Digestive secretions follow a day-night pattern.
Some digestive secretion provides nourishment.
Digestive signs are poor weight gain and bulky foul-smelling stools.
Digestive signs are poor weight gain and bulky, foul-smelling stools.
Digestive symptoms are especially common.
A digestive system is a system
Digestive system breaks foods down.
Digestive system Provides internal systems with nutrients and expels some solid wastes.
Digestive systems become fragile.
Digestive systems take many forms.
A digestive tract is a duct
Digestive tract consists of a mouth and a dead-end sac that is branched for absorption.
Digestive tract is useless.
Digestive tract shows little modification for bacterial symbionts.
Digestive tracts are absent completely.
Digestive tracts are body parts.
Digestive tracts are organ systems.
Digestive tracts are solid objects.
Most digestive tracts are about as long as a bus .
Most digestive tracts are about as long as a bus.
Some digestive tracts contain bacteria.
Some digestive tracts contain symbiotic bacteria.
Some digestive tracts extend from mouths.
Digestive upsets can lead to death.
Digestive warmth is the key to the success of the entire process of keeping three humors in balance.
Digestive waste enters the cloaca before it exits the body.
Digestive waste is eliminated from the food vacuoles of collar cells by exocytosis.
Digestive waste is eliminated through the anus.
Digestive waste leaves the earthworm through the anus.
Digestive waste leaves through the anus.
Digestives break down the complex foodstuffs to simpler molecules leading to better digestion.
Digger wasps feed on flower nectar.
Digger wasps feed on nectar.
Digger wasps resemble social wasps.
Digger wasps resemble wasps.
Most digger wasps resemble social wasps.
A digger is a machine
Digger isa workman.
Diggers are about grit, guts, and sacrifice in the fight for liberty.
Diggers are laborers.
Diggers are the most devastating type of energy vampire.
Diggers are welcome to work out the logistics for a longer stay with local residents.
Diggers dig burrows.
Diggers find death scenes.
Diggers find scenes.
Diggers have (part) arms.
Diggers have (part) body substances.
Diggers have (part) cell membranes.
Diggers have (part) cells.
Diggers have (part) corpi.
Diggers have (part) cytoplasm.
Diggers have (part) heads.
Diggers have (part) human bodies.
Diggers have (part) legs.
Diggers have (part) material bodies.
Diggers have (part) necks.
Diggers have (part) nuclei.
Diggers have (part) personality.
Diggers have (part) plasma membranes.
Diggers have (part) sections.
Diggers have (part) vacuoles.
Diggers look for round or slightly oval holes in the mud, about an inch or so across.
Diggers roll up their sleeves, pick up a shovel and start digging.
Diggers sign a statement at the point of sale, that legal practices are followed in harvesting.
Diggers start coming.
Diggers travel below ground in search of refractors, the earth's only source of energy.
Diggers work at the soul level.
Most diggers dig burrows.
Most diggers find death scenes.
Most diggers find scenes.
Some diggers are dead.
Some diggers benefit from coaching during the reporting.
Some diggers form types.
Some diggers have many favorable properties.
Some diggers have properties.
Some diggers prefer to use either a narrow shovel or a hollow tube called a clam gun.
Some diggers use machines.
Digging dumps is another story, another time.
Digging continues for the new sewer and water lines for the new administrative areas.
Digging continues with ample supplies available.
Digging continues with good quality and supplies available.
Digging continues with good quality available.
Digging helps keep their nails shortened.
Digging remains active.
All diggings are generous and gift plants are included with each purchase.
Digha beach is girdled with casuarina plantations along the coast.
Digial video is a combination of sound and many still pictures a second.
Digit preference lays conclusions about orlistat open to doubt.
Digit values change depending on where it is placed.
A digit is an integer
Digit isa definite quantity.
Digits are appendages.
Digits are democracy's secret aim.
Digits are extremities.
Digits are fingers.
Digits are good, too.
Digits are instantly transferable.
Digits are integers.
Digits are large enough to read across a room.
Digits are mileage.
Digits are part of vertebrates.
Digits are to be used only for multiplying, in private, by adults.
Digits are transparent.
Digits have nails.
Digits Here are digits for white background .
Digits only appear if necessary.
Digits provides the free counter.
Digits refers to the number of digits after the decimal point.
All digit are numeric, but the field is treated as a string.
All digits are compression counts.
All digits are even.
All digits are white on black.
All digits have nails except the second digit of the foot has a claw.
All digits have nails, except the second toe of the foot which has a toilet claw used for grooming.
Every digit is an odd number.
Most digits display a white semicircular lunula at the proximal end of the nail plate.
Most digits have nails.
Digital access is the only technology that fills that bill.
Digital advertising is accepted.
Digital anarchy claims itself as inevitable in the new century.
Digital animation is produced in India and consumed in the States.
Digital animators fare slightly better.
Digital applications are really unique, especially for transmission purposes.
Digital applications mean more fun and greater uses of photos.
Digital archives backup .
Digital art is a marvelous way to get into art without making a commitment.
Digital art is a part of everyday life now, in the form of advertisments and many other media.
Digital art is all art enhanced or produced with the use of a computer.
Digital art is created through various techniques on a computer.
Digital art is created.
Digital art is graphics.
Digital art is nothing more than digital art.
Digital art is preferred for all advertisements.
Digital art is rendered in real time on the screen and through loud speakers.
Digital art is still very rare in Finland.
Digital art is the apotheosis of art in the age of mechanical reproduction.
Digital art is wonderfully exciting with a myriad of opportunities.
Digital art obsolesces the notion of the original.
Digital art seems to be gathering a critical mass with museums.
Digital artists discuss and present their work.
Many digital artists find ways to blend the new with the old technologies.
Digital artwork is based on artists' desire.
Every digital artwork is an original.
Digital audio can be a bit confusing.
Digital audio generated from the patterns evoke a state of deep concentration and well-being.
Digital audio hits the road .
Digital audio is a binary representation of sound as samples per second.
Digital audio is a numeric representation of sound.
Digital audio is also available on the web.
Digital audio is another story.
Digital audio is broken into non-continuous pieces.
Digital audio is introduced for inclusion in the final project.
Digital audio is much cheaper.
Digital audio is one of the fastest growing markets for embedded systems.
Digital audio is resolved the same way.
Digital audio is the first big step.
Digital audio offers new ways to deliver, store and transport music and voice recordings.
Digital audio provides support for up to five discrete channels.
Digital audio refers to the creation, manipulation, and storage of audio in digital formats.
Digital audio solves that problem wonderfully.
All digital audio is sampled.
Many digital auteurs consider their work well above home video, of course.
Digital auto traking automatically optimizes picture quality.
Digital bandwidth enables signal to be condensed as a five to one ratio.
Digital bandwidth is measured in bps.
Digital bandwidth is now the most important economic commodity in the United States.
Digital bandwidth is the hydrogen bomb.
Digital bandwidth offers some clear and compelling advantages over analog bandwidth.
Digital barometers have sensors to calibrate altitude automatically.
Digital behavior is the extreme of large signal behavior.
Digital books offer an advantage over their hardcopy counterparts.
Digital broadcasts are limited.
Digital broadcasting brings flawless pictures and sound.
Digital broadcasting entails converting pictures and sounds into digital signals for transmission.
Digital broadcasting is a new system of transmitting TV, radio and the internet.
Digital broadcasting is a new, more effective way of transmitting radio and television services.
Digital broadcasting is an exciting breakthrough.
Digital broadcasting offers the possibility of significantly increasing the supply of programming.
Digital business is no longer a fantasy.
Digital businesses grow because they provide unique, efficient, or rewarding experiences.
Digital businesses have to constantly remind customers that they exist.
Digital cable adds another level of channels to that package.
Digital cable allows cable television signals to be compressed allowing more channels.
Digital cable allows cable television signals to be compressed, allowing more channels.
Digital cable allows more channels to fit on the cable and requires a set-top box.
Digital cable allows parents to do just that.
Digital cable begins today.
Digital cable compares well in both picture and sound quality.
Digital cable compresses television signals to allow many more channels.
Digital cable delivers better quality sound and picture.
Digital cable is infinitely better.
Digital cable provides sharper images and better sound.
Digital camcorders are amazing devices.
Digital camcorders are camcorders.
Digital camcorders are digital cameras.
Digital camcorders are less common and typically more expensive than analog camcorders.
Digital camcorders are popular.
Digital camcorders connect directly to the computer.
Digital camcorders have to make compromises about color information because of digital compression.
Digital camcorders make it easy to dump high quality video into a computer with a single cable.
Digital camcorders produce lower noise and a sharper picture than analog camcorders.
A digital camera is a camera
Digital camera add-on lenses, filters, and scopes are permitted without restriction.
Digital camera built-in exposure meters try to balance the image exposure to produce a medium value.
Digital camera is a top ten possession.
Digital camera makes the use of film obsolete and features immediate picture review.
Digital cameras allow people to take pictures.
Digital cameras are a great tool for teachers and students to add visuals to reports.
Digital cameras are a joke.
Digital cameras are a reality for consumer and professional use.
Digital cameras are about to get some much-needed exposure.
Digital cameras are abundant now and offer serious competition to their film-based counterparts.
Digital cameras are affordable and offer plenty of powerful, high-quality advantages.
Digital cameras are all the rage right now and to the uninitiated they can be intimidating.
Digital cameras are all the rage.
Digital cameras are also available.
Digital cameras are also now pretty cheap, and they work really well.
Digital cameras are also practical.
Digital cameras are amazing in terms of the cost and the quality.
Digital cameras are an excellent choice for acquiring most web photos.
Digital cameras are available for check out.
Digital cameras are available for checkot.
Digital cameras are available for checkout.
Digital cameras are better.
Digital cameras are cameras.
Digital cameras are dangerous things.
Digital cameras are definitely the wave of the future.
Digital cameras are digital cameras.
Digital cameras are electronic devices.
Digital cameras are expensive.
Digital cameras are fun.
Digital cameras are generally compact, but only a couple are pocket sized.
Digital cameras are great for a number of applications.
Digital cameras are great.
Digital cameras are here to stay, simply because they offer so many advantages.
Digital cameras are hot - and deserve to be.
Digital cameras are hot for every age.
Digital cameras are ideal for making quick photographs for the Web.
Digital cameras are ideal for taking panoramic images.
Digital cameras are ideal tools for forensic lab applications.
Digital cameras are immediate, personal, creative and almost magical.
Digital cameras are in much demand as simple hunting-like tools for gathering images.
Digital cameras are just kind of cool.
Digital cameras are just part of the picture.
Digital cameras are mainstream, and selling in record numbers.
Digital cameras are more affordable than ever.
Digital cameras are nice, but for accurate color, full sun is really needed.
Digital cameras are no exception.
Digital cameras are notorious energy hogs.
Digital cameras are notorious for eating lots of power.
Digital cameras are now excellent ways to put work up on the web.
Digital cameras are now high-resolution.
Digital cameras are now significant items in the computer scene.
Digital cameras are now standard equipment in the modern wired home.
Digital cameras are now standard professional gear.
Digital cameras are now widely available and make images of acceptable quality.
Digital cameras are obviously expensive for the average consumer to buy.
Digital cameras are one area of consumer electronics that are particularly difficult to design.
Digital cameras are really fun to use, and they're also easy to use.
Digital cameras are similar to computers in that the amount of memory is very important.
Digital cameras are simple but helpful additions on some ships.
Digital cameras are slow, period.
Digital cameras are slow.
Digital cameras are small, fast and convenient and are decreasing in cost.
Digital cameras are so much more convenient and faster than normal film cameras and film developing.
Digital cameras are still a niche product, primarily due to their high price.
Digital cameras are still expensive compared to their film counterparts.
Digital cameras are still expensive for their features.
Digital cameras are still hot.
Digital cameras are still more expensive than their traditional brethren.
Digital cameras are still too expensive and clumsy to use.
Digital cameras are such hot sellers manufacturers are now marketing some for children.
Digital cameras are terrific, too, for capturing pictures as data.
Digital cameras are the darlings of the peripheral world.
Digital cameras are the gift most men said they'd like to receive.
Digital cameras are the newest rage, but there is a great deal of confusion about buying one.
Digital cameras are the next external sensing wave.
Digital cameras are the way to go.
Digital cameras are very convenient and the prices are coming down.
Digital cameras are very expensive.
Digital cameras are very nice but very expensive.
Digital cameras are way fun . . .
Digital cameras bring a new set of potential pitfall to the imaging process.
Digital cameras capture razor-sharp images and shoot video, too.
Digital cameras continue to advance and grow more suitable for various types of work.
Digital cameras do have their drawbacks.
Digital cameras do it faster and easier.
Digital cameras don t handle contrast as well as conventional film.
Digital cameras drink alkaline batteries like crazy and they end up polluting our landfills.
Digital cameras eat batteries alive.
Digital cameras eat batteries, even rechargeables.
Digital cameras eat batteries, so buying rechargeable batteries is a good idea.
Digital cameras enable people to transmit family pictures over the Internet in the blink of an eye.
Digital cameras go anywhere.
Digital cameras have a tendency to over-saturate colors.
Digital cameras have an LCD screen as the viewfinder.
Digital cameras have applications in both the consumer and business market.
Digital cameras have LCD displays, like miniature television screens.
Digital cameras have separate provision in the software so that the red eyes are eliminated.
Digital cameras have to become more user-friendly.
Digital cameras have tremendous applications for communicators.
Digital cameras measure resolution in pixels, a point of colored light.
Digital cameras offer a film-free way to post images directly after they're taken.
Digital cameras offer a zoom capacity, but beware the digital variety.
Digital cameras offer an exciting new alternative to conventional photography.
Digital cameras offer another new way of capturing and preserving images.
Digital cameras offer instantaneous images.
Digital cameras offer options unheard of in cameras until now.
Digital cameras offer two great advantages over their conventional counterparts.
Digital cameras offer unparalleled convenience and quality to everyday users as well.
Digital cameras operate very well without artificial light.
Digital cameras produce images that approach the quality of film.
Digital cameras provide digital pictures.
Digital cameras provide instant pictures that download to a computer and viewed in a heartbeat.
Digital cameras require rather frequent battery replacement.
Digital cameras require storage disks, or downloading onto parent computers.
Digital cameras save digitized images in a memory cache, rather than on film.
Digital cameras save images on internal memory chips or on floppy disks instead of on film.
Digital cameras take snapshots to a new level.
Digital cameras tend to be more complex in their operation than analog cameras.
Digital cameras tend to be slower, and images get noisier when pushed.
Digital cameras tend to use quite a bit of juice.
Digital cameras use alkaline batteries at a shockingly fast rate.
Digital cameras use and purchase options.
Digital cameras use batteries at an alarming rate.
Digital cameras use color wheels or color matrix CCDs to capture color information in the image.
Digital cameras use computer memory instead of film to hold their images.
Digital cameras use light-sensitive chips to capture their images.
Digital cameras use light-sensitive electronic sensors in place of film.
Digital cameras use many different file formats.
Digital cameras use memory flash cards to store images.
Digital cameras use other storage media for the images.
Digital cameras use outside sources of light.
Digital cameras use significantly more power than traditional cameras.
Digital cameras work best on still images.
Digital cameras work differently than traditional camcorders.
Digital cameras work in every way like a film camera with one extraordinary exception.
Digital cameras work well too and are slowly becoming reasonably priced.
All digital cameras allow the user to set the compression level.
All digital cameras are battery hogs, although some models are more ravenous than others.
All digital cameras consume a lot of energy and a lot of batteries.
All digital cameras eat batteries for lunch.
All digital cameras have auto-focus.
Every digital camera uses the same basic sensor chip technology.
Many digital cameras are like low-cost film cameras when it comes to the lens.
Many digital cameras are slow, both camera startup time and the interval between successive shots.
Many digital cameras come bundled with decent photo editing software.
Many digital cameras come with an LCD .
Many digital cameras come with software for cropping and rotating snaps.
Many digital cameras provide adjustable resolution and file compression settings.
Many digital cameras use an aperture that is variable.
Many digital cameras use standardized removable memory cards.
More digital cameras have an added viewing feature which is the LCD screen.
Most digital cameras are limited to just a few, so a complex composition is harder to capture.
Most digital cameras are mega-pixel models that create images with a million or more pixels.
Most digital cameras are similar to point and shoot cameras.
Most digital cameras are small enough to fit in a purse, and many can fit in a pocket.
Most digital cameras can serve as Video cameras.
Most digital cameras come with a built-in flash.
Most digital cameras come with an AV cable for the hook up.
Most digital cameras come with an electronic flash unit built in to their body.
Most digital cameras come with an LCD display on the back of the camera.
Most digital cameras come with built-in flash.
Most digital cameras come with image-enhancing software.
Most digital cameras come with software to edit and manage the image files created by the camera.
Most digital cameras compress the image.
Most digital cameras contain an energy buffer that safeguards against memory deletion.
Most digital cameras give users the choice of selecting the appropriate compression level.
Most digital cameras have a built-in flash.
Most digital cameras have an optical view finder.
Most digital cameras have at least low, medium, and high modes.
Most digital cameras have fully automatic operation.
Most digital cameras have zoom lenses.
Most digital cameras require a unique cable connector.
Most digital cameras resemble sophisticated point and shoot models in their design.
Most digital cameras run at one full image every few seconds.
Most digital cameras save images to a removable memory card.
Most digital cameras take a fair while to process a photo and get ready to make the next photo.
Most digital cameras use flash memory cards to store the images that are taken.
Most digital cameras use good quality optical glass.
Most digital cameras use the gray card to balance their colors.
Some digital cameras allow manual control of aperture and shutter speed.
Some digital cameras are capable of taking pictures at variable resolutions.
Some digital cameras are notorious for taking pictures that are a little too dark.
Some digital cameras can record brief audio messages.
Some digital cameras can record sound and save it inside the picture file.
Some digital cameras come with a lightweight protective case.
Some digital cameras employ a combination of electrical and mechanical shutters.
Some digital cameras have a non-removable memory chip embedded within the camera for storing images.
Some digital cameras have what is know as digital zoom.
Some digital cameras look like ordinary cameras.
Some digital cameras offer sound and limited full-motion capabilities.
Some digital cameras offer sound annotation.
Some digital cameras use multiple CCDs to capture red, green and blue values.
Digital capital arises when intellectual capital becomes internetworked.
Digital cash does hold certain advantages over Internet credit card purchases.
Digital cash is a balance sheet liability of the commercial banks or companies that issue it.
Digital cash is a popular form of digital bearer instrument.
Digital cash is a signed payment message.
Digital cash is anonymous and reusable.
Digital cash is now a reality.
Digital cash is paradoxical.
Digital cash is the future of money with endless possibilities for use.
Digital cash is the predominant means of exchange.
Digital cash means electronic money that is as anonymous as cash.
Digital cash raises many basic questions.
Digital cash requires both customers and merchants to have accounts with the same issuing bank.
Digital catalogues are cheaper than paper ones.
Digital certificates allow proof of identity and the right to access information or services online.
Digital certificates allow Web merchants to secure online communication and transactions.
Digital certificates are a crucial part of the trust model behind electronic commerce services.
Digital certificates are also flexible.
Digital certificates are an electronic means of identifying a user.
Digital certificates are attachments added to electronic messages to ensure the messages' security.
Digital certificates are available to secure the transactions.
Digital certificates are crucial to Web security.
Digital certificates are data files that can be used to identify users.
Digital certificates are electronic credentials that vouch for the identity of a user.
Digital certificates are electronic equivalents of a passport or identity card.
Digital certificates are electronic files that act like a kind of online passport.
Digital certificates are equally important to e-commerce.
Digital certificates are generally unnecessary for the average end user.
Digital certificates are important for many different businesses.
Digital certificates are one of the key technologies for getting public key used pervasively.
Digital certificates are small files that identify users.
Digital certificates are software-based IDs that contain a user's credentials.
Digital certificates are the basis of the ACES contract.
Digital certificates are the mirror image.
Digital certificates are the most powerful method for identifying people and systems.
Digital certificates are the topic of the next chapter.
Digital certificates are the topic of the next section.
Digital certificates are to be built into Web browsers and virtual wallets.
Digital certificates enable banks and online merchants to authenticate a consumer's identity.
Digital certificates ensure that only the intended recipient can read messages sent.
Digital certificates have tremendous potential.
Digital certificates help here.
Digital certificates is one example of host or user authentication using a form of encryption.
Digital certificates let users electronically sign and encrypt documents and mail.
Digital certificates make it possible to trust an entity on the Internet.
Digital certificates match a person to their signature.
Digital certificates play a supporting role in Web site security.
Digital certificates protect information from interception during Internet transmission.
Digital certificates prototype.
Digital certificates provide a method of authentication and originality.
Digital certificates provide a number of security advantages suited to the Internet environment.
Digital certificates provide a practical way to use encryption.
Digital certificates provide enhanced security for protecting usernames and passwords.
Digital certificates provide secure identification for web servers as well as for individuals.
Digital certificates provide similar identification.
All digital certificates have an expiration date.
Digital certification is a vital part of electronic commerce and security on the Internet.
Digital children seek relevance.
Digital cinema uses four files to describe the born digital product.
Digital circuits ae less vulnerable to noise but consume a lot of energy .
Digital circuits ae less vulnerable to noise but consume a lot of energy.
Digital circuits are electric circuits based on a number of discrete voltage levels.
Digital circuits are generally more noisy than analog circuits.
Digital circuits are nonlinear, analog circuits are mostly linear.
Digital circuits are used for signals that repeatedly turn on and off.
Digital circuits can easily generate large ground-current magnitudes.
Digital circuits can operate at a much lower supply voltage, which is desirable.
Digital circuits create current spikes when signals change state and on clock edges.
Digital circuits create immediate alarms at our PBX and at the central office.
Digital circuits use much of their current in high frequency pulses.
Digital circuits use transistors as switches.
Digital circuits work on the basis of a transistor being used as a switch.
Every digital circuit has inputs and outputs.
Most digital circuits have at least a couple of bypass capacitors.
Digital circuitry comes in many forms.
Digital circuitry is the most expensive of the above options.
Digital City is the largest local city resource and interactive community.
A digital clock is a clock
Digital clocks are clocks.
Digital clocks are more accurate than mechanical ones.
Digital clocks cause a similar warping of reality.
Digital clocks display the time in periodically changing digits on a digital display .
Digital clocks give exact time in numerals.
Digital clocks rely on electronic circuitry, instead of gears.
Digital clocks use numbers to show the time.
Digital clocks work by measuring the vibrations of quartz crystals when charged with electricity .
Digital clocks work by measuring the vibrations of quartz crystals when charged with electricity.
Digital collection includes manuscripts, newspaper and magazine articles, photographs and pamphlets.
Digital collections are difficult to establish and sustain.
Digital collections comprise a digital library.
Digital collections take information outside libraries' physical confines.
Digital color imaging on the desktop is included in the curriculum.
Digital commerce is the new game in town.
Digital communication experts work at centres.
Digital communication experts work at research centres.
Digital communication depend on bandwidth and compression .
Digital communication fundamentals.
Digital communication is a reality.
Digital communication is electronic communication
Digital communication is electronic communication.
Digital communication is no magic bullet.
Digital communication is now worldwide and becoming ubiquitous.
Digital communication relies heavily on effective stimulation of the senses.
Digital communications allow our computers to talk to each other in a binary language.
Digital communications continues to be an issue that is unresolved.
Digital communications cuts across denominational lines.
Digital communications has the potential to be the most democratic form of communication ever.
Digital communications have the potential to be the most democratic form of communication ever.
Digital communications mean digital horizons that far out-span traditional boundaries.
Most digital communication is with staff and customers.
Digital communities harness the power of technology to network residents in a variety of ways.
Digital companies tend to move very fast, cluster in particular locations and pay 'top dollar'.
Digital compass is built in.
Digital compression artifacts never even enter the equation.
Digital compression is necessary because of bandwidth and storage constraints.
Digital compression makes it possible to have many channels on a single satellite.
Digital compression uses various techniques to get acceptable image quality in a smaller package.
All digital compression is a gamble.
Digital computation relies on the ability of algorithms to break tasks down into very small steps.
Digital computations are still extremely difficult to model accurately.
All digital computation is based on discrete mathematics.
A digital computer is a computer
Digital computers are computers.
Digital computers are discrete computers.
Digital computers are far more popular than analog since they are more efficient and more general.
Digital computers are much easier to program too.
Digital computers can, in principle, literally think.
Digital computers make calculations using numbers.
Digital computers process all information in binary notation.
Digital computers process information in digital, or number, form.
Digital computers process only discrete digital data.
Digital computers store information that is much more complex.
All digital computers represent data as a collection of bits .
Digital connections are both faster and more reliable than analog modem connections.
Digital connections are faster than analogue and offer higher capacity.
Digital connections support symmetric upload and download speeds.
Digital consoles are a whole new ball game.
Some digital consoles radiate digital noise that can effect other equipment and degrade sonics.
Digital content can be software, data, video, picture or music.
Digital content can last forever and can be transported almost without cost.
Digital content comprises the largest amount of information and is the fastest growing.
Digital content is abstract bytes-there's nothing tangible.
Digital content is multimedia by nature.
Digital content is on the rise.
Digital content lasts forever and can be transported almost for free.
Digital contents display for fast accessing of priority work.
Digital control gives repeatable remote control performance Every feature can be remote controlled.
Digital control includes items such as motor starts and stops, interlocking, and alarming.
Digital control provides superior immunity from noise and interference in factory environments.
Digital controls are precise.
Many digital controls offer an on-screen menu that appears every time controls are activated.
Digital convergence is a powerful player in the automation industry and the world.
Digital convergence is a prime example.
Digital convergence is more than technology.
Digital convergence is the key to massive distribution and o interactivity.
Digital convergence means more than television sets and personal computers sharing features.
Digital convergence means sameness in distribution.
Digital cooperatives prosper by serving the needs of their members within a vertical industry.
Digital copiers are a great leap forward for office connectivity.
Digital copiers are more reliable and produce sharper copies than the traditional analog copiers.
Digital copiers can function as a network printer as well as a copier.
Digital copiers make faxing practically fun.
Digital copiers scan once for multiple copies.
Many digital copiers can double as laser printers.
Digital copies are available upon request.
Digital copies are far from perfect.
Digital copy is acceptable ONLY as a supplement to the paper copy and in the following format.
Every digital copy is a perfect duplicate of the original.
Digital copying explains why there are now eight.
Digital credit is similar to the credit systems used in the business world.
Digital crimes have no borders.
Digital culture builds dreams and transforms everyday life.
Digital culture is here.
Digital customers are thirsty for bandwidth.
Digital data are more likely to be used to construct mosaics of very large areas.
Digital data is available for entire sections only.
Digital data is available for purchase.
Digital data is available.
Digital data is output to the host PC interface card.
Digital definition means a much crisper picture than the clunky recorders of yesterday.
Digital delays are another subject.
Digital delivery gives writers unlimited access to their readers and vice versa.
Digital delivery is already here.
Digital delivery is better for the environment.
Digital delivery is the wave of the future.
Digital delivery offers publications the opportunity to save on printing and postage.
Digital delivery presents new opportunities to reach specifically targeted audiences.
Digital delivery threatens the status quo in the music industry.
Digital democracy can simply be a means for citizens to communicate electronically with government.
Digital democracy is an essential component of e-government.
Digital democracy springs from a new kind of citizen, the digital citizen.
Digital densitometry reveals a metallic reflection.
Digital design is as easy as nailing jello to a tree.
Digital designs are simply too fast now.
All digital devices have full gate packaging information.
Digital dials are simply frequency counters.
A digital display is a video display
Digital display gives readings in both English and metric graduations.
Digital display indicates levels of carbon monoxide detected.
Digital display is easy to read under varied lighting conditions and viewing angles.
Digital display makes reading the temperature easy.
Digital display measures feet per second.
Digital display shows fuel economy.
Digital display shows selected shade.
Digital display shows speed, time, distance, pace, calories and grade percentage.
Digital displays are displays.
Digital dissertations have portability advantages.
Digital distribution allows for a high quality signal.
Digital distribution can also greatly reduce software piracy .
Digital distribution can turn that sentiment into a reality.
Digital distribution gives everyone worldwide, instant access to music.
Digital distribution is considerably more flexible.
Digital distribution is here.
Digital distribution is likely to revolutionize the economics of the music business.
Digital distribution is only a small piece of the puzzle.
Digital distribution is the wave of the future, they preach.
Digital distribution is where music is headed.
Digital distribution limits the use of the products to internal use by the requesting party.
Digital distribution makes purchasing music easier, faster and cheaper.
Digital divide grows.
Digital divide is an international concern.
Digital documents are different.
Digital documents are, in fact, far more fragile than paper.
Digital documents represent high efficiency for throughput, editing, reuse and storage.
All digital documents are available from each workstation.
Digital documentation is the term for storing information electronically.
Digital duplicators are a convemient, low-cost copying solution.
Digital duplicators are efficient, fast, and cost-effective.
Digital duplicators are ideal for large runs of single copies.
Digital duplicators can also print in color.
Digital dynamics animate the most fundamental operations of natural and artificial life forms.
Digital economy has limited role in economic fluctuations.
Digital editions are widely available on the Web.
Digital effects blend splendidly with live action.
Digital effects churn the seas into black cliffs.
Digital effects complete the picture by adding in traps and showing the space outside of the cube.
Digital effects supply great reverbs for a small investment.
All digital effects function perfectly.
All digital effects work perfectly.
More digital effects are available.
Digital efficiency makes people work harder for less money.
Digital encryption is an extremely complex method of scrambling information.
Many digital engineers assume that crosstalk is primarily a capacitive effect.
Digital enhancement permits the salvaging of photos seemingly beyond repair.
Digital entertainment is a blend of infotech, manufacturing, fine arts, film and video.
Digital entertainment is the key to home networking.
Digital environments are participatory in that they require input from the user.
Digital environments are procedural, participatory, spatia, and encyclopedic.
Digital environments are procedural.
Digital environments require metaphor based models by which they become meaningful to the user.
Digital equipment provides more accurate, sharper and faster imaging of blood vessels and blockages.
Digital errors are the result of data loss and lead to faulty sound reproduction.
Digital evidence includes computers, and computer media.
Digital evolution is more than electronic pets and a-life .
Digital examination precipitates labor and increases the risk of ascending infection.
Digital examination reveals the septum in the vagina.
Digital exchanges make life almost bearable.
Digital fabrication holds huge promise for manufacturers.
Digital face helps kids learn to tell time.
Digital factories foster new vision of manufacturing.
Digital files are acceptable and preferred when they exist.
Digital files are acceptable for review only.
Digital files are acceptable, but the following charges apply.
Digital files are available for sheets no longer available as original paper maps.
Digital files are available.
Digital files are more efficient and are easier to update, revise and republish.
Digital files are preferred.
Digital files are welcome for portfolio review.
Digital files come in a variety of formats.
Digital files provide the cleanest possible copies and prints.
Digital files rewind faster.
Most digital files contain ownership.
Digital film is easy to load.
Digital film takes the form of card media.
Digital filters are available in what's called a plug-in for a digital imaging program.
Digital filters are easier to implement, consume lower power, and can be made into a linear phase.
Digital filters are more versatile and more easily configured than analog filters.
Digital fluoroscopy reduces radiation dose to children to one seventh the normal dose.
Digital fonts are programs and therefore dynamic.
Digital fonts come in font files .
Digital format has some benefits over film format that skeptics refuses to acknowledge.
Digital format is a major breakthrough in wireless communication.
Digital format is preferred.
Digital format make copying simple.
Digital formats are usually better than analog formats for two reasons.
Digital formats are very unforgiving when it comes to distortion.
Digital formats provide top quality, with no quality loss during duplication.
Most digital format is ok.
Digital frames are a strong product concept.
Digital goods have zero marginal cost.
Digital graphics allow small companies to look like large companies.
Digital graphics are something nice to look at.
Digital graveyards tend to be depressingly sloppy compared to the genuine article.
Digital happiness can sometimes be scary.
Most digital hardware is devoted to interconnections.
Digital IDs are available only in the United States.
Digital IDs are electronic credentials that establish an individual's or entity's identity.
Digital IDs are electronic credentials that establish the identity of an individual or entity.
Digital IDs make use of a technology called public key cryptography.
Digital identities are critical.
Digital identity enables companies to do just that.
Digital identity is a required, horizontal feature of today's network computing environments.
Digital identity is the means whereby data is associated with a digital persona.
Digital identity is the representation of a person in the digital nervous system.
Digital identity is the representation of identity in terms of digital information.
Digital identity resides on the card in the form of known, secret keys.
Digital image archiving as part of the patient record is probably here to stay.
Digital image consists of discrete picture elements called pixels.
Digital image fundamentals.
Digital image is also on Accomplishments page.
Digital image retouching is nothing new.
Digital images allow direct measurement of key parameters on the monitor screen.
Digital images appear real to TV viewers.
Digital images are a nice back-up to traditional photographs.
Digital images are also available at Snapshots of the Past , which provides archival prints.
Digital images are also welcome.
Digital images are available by request.
Digital images are available for many of the patents.
Digital images are available for uploading directly to websites or home pages.
Digital images are clear and easy to read.
Digital images are consistent.
Digital images are easier to work with in fashioning a motion picture.
Digital images are extremely data intensive.
Digital images are infinitely malleable.
Digital images are magical.
Digital images are more stable, more uniform.
Digital images are much easier to change in dramatic ways than hard copy.
Digital images are now holograms, projecting computer images of reality on demand.
Digital images are often just that - images.
Digital images are preferred to photographs.
Digital images are preferred, if available.
Digital images are usually higher quality than other types.
Digital images are very easy to alter.
Digital images are very welcome.
Digital images can also be output by film labs as slides.
Digital images can also bring out subtle differences.
Digital images can bee put in place without shooting and stripping.
Digital images can include image authentication, ensuring no tampering with evidence photographs.
Digital images can last a long time.
Digital images can occupy huge amounts of memory and disk space.
Digital images come from a variety of sources.
Digital images have limits.
Digital images have numerous uses in the technology-friendly classroom.
Digital images have the advantages of lossless storage, transmission, and retrieval.
Digital images lend themselves especially well to image processing.
Digital images look like photographs.
Digital images measure pixels per inch or centimeter.
Digital images offer enormous advantages over analog images.
Digital images provide a reference surrogate.
Digital images provide an excellent example.
Digital images replace the film and chemicals with a light sensitive photo pad inside the camera.
Digital images see disk instructions .
Digital images take up a lot of space, so discard any unnecessary images regularly.
All digital images are shadows.
All digital images are watermarked.
Most digital images have limits.
Most digital images look like photographs.
Some digital images use recorders.
Some digital images use software.
Digital imagery flows so easily around the world.
Digital imagery has many consumer applications.
Digital indicator displays pounds of force.
Digital indicators display pressures and temperatures.
Digital information allows for faster communications and widespread distribution of information.
Digital information can disappear in a heartbeat.
Digital information creates all the same problems.
Digital information depends on hardware and software to decode the bits and bytes.
Digital information held by organizations and corporations are most vulnerable to intrusions.
Digital information is also easier to store and transmit in or on a wide variety of media.
Digital information is characterized by fragility and rapid technological obsolescence.
Digital information is clearer and more distinct, resulting in almost error free communication.
Digital information is discrete.
Digital information is electronic information, the result of computer processing .
Digital information is ephemeral both in form and in meaning.
Digital information is faster and more fluid than analog information.
Digital information is inexpensive to copy and distribute, is searchable, and is malleable.
Digital information is lightweight and portable .
Digital information is more like steam than it is like water.
Digital information is much more malleable because it's made of bits.
Digital information is placed on film.
Digital information is provided when requested and available in that jurisdiction.
Digital information is read by laser.
Digital information is restricted to a finite set of values.
Digital information is searchable, malleable and inexpensive to copy and distribute.
Digital information is sent as a signal that changes between two tones.
Digital information is universal.
Digital information lasts forever, or five years, whichever comes first.
Digital information poses a different challenge to libraries.
Digital information provides a new and greater challenge.
Digital information represents an equally dramatic shift in communication technology.
Digital information requires active preservation measures.
Digital information stored in compressed forms requires less space and thus reduces storage costs.
All digital information is described as a string of ones and zeros called bits.
Digital ink is sprayed on the blank wall for displaying the virtual bookshelf.
Digital ink is sprayed onto any surface such as a blank wall for displaying a virtual bookshelf.
Digital input is required and standard turnaround is two days.
Digital inputs ensure smooth response.
Digital inputs provide a means of measuring RPM and inputting status or anomaly conditions.
Digital integration allows navigation, machinery and auxiliary functions to be carried out.
Digital integrity is even more important.
Digital isolationism is comfy yet costly, but risk is where the riches are.
Digital joysticks are easy for programmers to access .
Digital joysticks are easy for programmers to access.
Digital joysticks are the current trend.
Digital knowledge becomes the object of, simultaneously, social debate and individual engagement.
Digital libraries are electronic equivalents to paper collections of records.
Digital libraries are more than collections of documents, or clusters of hyperlinks.
Digital libraries are one example of such services.
Digital libraries are one such activity.
Digital libraries are vital for the worldwide sharing of information and knowledge.
Digital libraries become more and more popular.
Digital libraries face significant challenges beyond providing traditional library services.
Digital libraries force users into an interactive dialogue and force successive query refinements.
Digital libraries have many advantages.
Digital libraries have the potential of being able to provide more ease to access information.
Digital libraries is one of the greatest areas of multimediaaplplications.
Digital libraries offer a way for the users to play an active role.
Digital libraries offer both opportunities and challenges.
Digital libraries promise equitable access to information from any place at any time.
Digital libraries provide access to a large number of images, texts, and data sets of all types.
Digital libraries share similar levels of user service needs with traditional libraries.
Digital libraries work.
Digital library is a concept that has different meanings in different communities.
Digital library is most popular in current usage.
Digital life has some unique properties that make it easier to study than organic life.
Digital lines carry a higher voltage and are usually found in large, corporate phone systems.
Digital lines have multiple lines coming in on one wire.
Digital literacy is faster, thankfully.
Digital literacy works in an inherently different way.
Digital loggers can record multiple channels of communications at once.
Digital logo are trademarks of e.
Digital machines quantize their analog inputs, and use restoring logic at every computational step.
Digital magazines are far easier to use than paper and better for the environment.
Digital mail is almost too easy and quick.
Digital mail makes communicating with the masses easy.
Digital mammograms allow an immediate picture of the full breast, including tissue nearest the skin.
Digital mammography is a brand new field, however the equipment is very expensive.
Digital mammography is a new breast cancer detection tool.
Digital mammography is quick and reduces anxiety and inconvenience.
Digital mammography offers a number of practical advantages.
Digital mapping is a change in storage medium from paper maps to computer files.
Digital markets are far from being frictionless.
Digital markets are near-perfect.
Digital marketing is the future.
Digital marketplaces are the melding points for traditional and electronic relationships.
Digital marketplaces offer an efficient new way for matching buyers and suppliers.
Every digital marketplace is different, but there are common, overriding characteristics.
Digital mastery is both elusive and essential.
Digital materials are less durable than print and more likely to become quickly obsolete.
Digital media broaden our exposure to new ideas and creative expressions.
Digital media can amplify that voice or drown it out.
Digital media degrade with age.
Digital media is a work in progress.
Digital media is far more versatile and interactive than slide film.
Digital media is multilinear.
Digital media is potentially immortal.
Digital media is preferred.
Digital media is such an embryonic field.
Digital media is the rage among today's librarians.
Digital media looks like photography in most respects.
Digital media makes commonplace the simulation of non- existent realistic worlds.
Digital media offers the flexibility to map virtually any input to any output.
Digital media provides documentary artists new ways to address issues of context.
Digital media redefines the very identity of cinema.
Digital media require new ways of doing business with people.
All digital media have a far shorter 'shelf-life' than paper.
All digital media require browser.
Digital messaging is transmitted in response to dialing or change in hook status.
Digital meters are available as an option.
Digital meters measure pH and conductivity.
Digital meters offer high accuracy and reliability.
Digital meters show battery volts and amp measurements.
Some digital meters are sensitive to magnetic or strong electric fields in the near vicinity.
Digital methods allow two very significant forms of global business to form.
Digital methods are the primary tool of the photographer today.
Digital microcomputer delivers a hot spark at exactly the right time.
Digital mixers can be quite expensive.
Digital mixers have the advantage of being portable and having hardware faders to mix with.
Most digital modes use a narrower bandwidth than voice.
Digital model is designed for a differential input.
Digital model is designed for a single ended input.
Digital modems are around the corner.
Digital modems are more expensive and so are digital data lines from the phone company.
Digital modems use synchronous transmission.
Digital modulation begins with a digital modulating signal.
Digital modules feature a built-in LED status indicator for each channel.
Digital money is monetary value represented by digital information and spent electronically.
Digital money is, for the moment, small potatoes.
Digital monopolies are inevitable.
Digital monsters are on display in another Japanese import marketing toward a young audience.
Digital movies place large demands on the playback computer.
Digital movies play incredibly bad, jerking and sputtering, even if the video is in a tiny window.
Digital movies require large amounts of memory.
Digital movies show live, mobile fish parasites and illustrate many of the techniques.
Digital music consists of compressed audio files that are downloaded onto a memory card.
Digital music gets a standard.
Digital music gets better.
Digital music is any type of music that can be listened to on the computer.
Digital music is here in a big way and it s here to stay.
Digital music is here to stay.
Digital music is just too sexy for investors to pass up.
Digital music is now more common than acoustic music.
Digital music is obviously here to stay.
Digital music is on the move Home and portable stereos enter the market.
Digital music is selected using any Web-based device in the home.
Digital music needs a carrier and a package.
Digital music requires tight synchronization of a different sort than is used in audio and video.
Digital music sends very small packets of performance-critical data.
Digital music takes up way too much room.
Some digital music is considered public domain and can be copied legally.
Some digital music occurs, infrequently, and manages pleasant sounds, but does nothing for gameplay.
Digital networks are a new medium.
Digital networks have less noise than analog networks.
Digital networks provide an efficient cost-effective means of distributing digital media.
Digital neurons have the disadvantage of being very big.
Digital news differs radically from other media.
Digital nipper watches.
Digital noesis studies how digitization and digital technology affect human knowing.
Digital ones are a luxury item, but a wonderful gift nevertheless.
Some digital ones are .
Digital organisms are self-replicating programs that inhabit a virtual world inside a computer.
Digital organisms have several advantages over bacteria.
Digital oscilloscopes are relatively inexpensive.
Digital output allows channel expansion at the highest sample rates of the card.
Digital output includes large mural prints, banners, and backlit transparencies.
Digital output is available in a variety of raster formats.
Digital output is provided for quantitative evaluation of process or product variability.
Digital output is standard.
Digital output offers extreme wide bandwidth for optimum sound and picture quality.
Digital outputs are nice when matched with digital speakers or digital stereo equipment.
Digital overlay adds digital programming to an existing analog of cable channels.
Digital palpation is used to replace the contents in the scrotal sac.
Digital parents demand quality in education above everything else.
Digital parents expect to custom-design their children's education.
Digital pedagogy includes everything from simple courseware to sophisticated multimedia projects.
Digital People Specializes in Creative staffing.
Digital performance ensures improved process accuracy, repeatability and response time.
Digital permanence is still a matter of speculation.
Digital phones are harder to monitor.
Digital phones are more efficient and have longer talk and standby time than analog phones.
Digital phones are more likely to cause problems than analog phones.
Digital phones are, however, the most commonly used radio source, and they are on the increase.
Digital phones consume less power than analog phones.
Digital phones offer greater protection against eavesdropping.
Digital phones send out pulsing energy.
Digital phones work infinitely better in the digital world of data transmission.
All digital phones sold are dual mode.
All digital phones work both on digital and analog systems, so they are called dual-mode.
Many digital phones have one-button access to automated voice mailboxes.
Most digital phones function with the service.
Digital photo is available.
Digital photo keepsake Other goodies for the group.
Digital photo prints with free index prints.
Digital photos accompany the text.
Digital photos are also acceptable.
Digital photos are also available.
Digital photos are available on most items.
Digital photos are available on request from the Media contact.
Digital photos are available.
Digital photos are free and optional for posting along with each item.
Digital photos are great too.
Digital photos are here .
Digital photos are ideal for publishing on a web site, as there is no conversion required.
Digital photos are optional.
Digital photos are preferred and can be emailed to the above addresses.
Digital photos can take a lot of storage space.
Digital photos have an unequaled clarity and color depth.
Digital photos is another solution.
All digital photos are in original unedited form.
All digital photos end up going through a computer before being outputted to a Web or printed page.
Many digital photos end up on the Web or attached to e-mail so they are viewed on the screen.
Digital photographers can say goodbye to complicated file transfers and fuzzy printouts.
Digital photography allows an artist to learn quickly in new situations.
Digital photography allows instant review of pictures just taken.
Digital photography begins with capturing images in a digital format.
Digital photography brings a whole new dimension to the area of colour temperature in photography.
Digital photography brings photography into the computer age.
Digital photography can also benefit from new processing methodologies.
Digital photography can be very helpful in crop diagnostics.
Digital photography can become a real passion.
Digital photography can meet many needs in support of education.
Digital photography differs from the traditional kind in several ways.
Digital photography exists today largely as a niche market.
Digital photography has many levels at which the surgeon can enter the medium.
Digital photography has two advantages over traditional photography.
Digital photography holds tremendous promise for today's dental practice.
Digital photography inputs the image directly from the camera to the computer.
Digital photography is a big part of computing today and it s growing.
Digital photography is a hot market.
Digital photography is a whole new world.
Digital photography is about three years away from being able to replace film photography.
Digital photography is an instant gratification junkie's dream.
Digital photography is available for local customers.
Digital photography is available upon request.
Digital photography is fun.
Digital photography is generally unacceptable for publication.
Digital photography is great, but printing digitized images is a whole different ball game.
Digital photography is here to stay, and it sure makes the business of photography a lot easier.
Digital photography is here to stay, and quality is getting better with every passing nanosecond.
Digital photography is here to stay.
Digital photography is important to the microprocessor world for two reasons.
Digital photography is in use with certain types of work.
Digital photography is instant photography without the film costs.
Digital photography is introduced in assigned labs.
Digital photography is just one more technological innovation.
Digital photography is loads of fun.
Digital photography is lots of fun.
Digital photography is offered as well.
Digital photography is offered to present key graphics quickly.
Digital photography is one area.
Digital photography is perfect for catalogs, but the possibilities are endless.
Digital photography is photography done using a digital camera .
Digital photography is photography done using a digital camera.
Digital photography is photography
Digital photography is photography.
Digital photography is right around the corner.
Digital photography is still most popular among the tech-savvy.
Digital photography is still very much a hobby.
Digital photography is the electronic way to capture realistic images.
Digital photography is The future but theres nothing like knowing how to do it the old fashion way.
Digital photography is the hottest growth market in the electronics industry.
Digital photography is the standard for photos on a website.
Digital photography is the up and coming form of picture taking.
Digital photography is the use of computer technology to capture, store and view pictures.
Digital photography is unique in how it captures and stores an image.
Digital photography is used for inspection reviews and for product development revisions.
Digital photography is very popular and for good reason.
Digital photography lets users capture an image, view it, save it, then transfer it to a computer.
Digital photography offers the prospect of high quality for less money.
Digital photography provides many advantages over normal photography.
Digital photography removes that.
Digital photography saves between four to seven days in production time.
Digital photography skills a plus.
Digital photography takes off.
Digital photography uses light sensors.
Digital photography uses sensors.
Digital photography yields instant results.
Most digital photography uses light sensors.
Most digital photography uses sensors.
Some digital photography has applications.
Digital pianos are easy to move and take up less space than conventional pianos.
Digital pianos concentrate on piano sounds with few other sounds.
Digital pianos focus primarily on piano sounds with a limited number of other sounds.
Digital pianos use digital sampling technology to reproduce the sound of each piano note.
Digital picture is a simulation about possible worlds.
Digital picture sequences.
Digital pictures are incapable of replacing the original manuscript as such.
Digital pictures are large files, often in the megabyte range.
Digital pictures are ready seconds after they're shot.
Most digital pictures seem dull or flat, or have a certain color cast like too green or too magenta.
Digital planimeters are available in both styles, while mechanical planimeters are only pole style.
Digital planimeters are available with pole arms or rollers.
Digital planimeters require initial settings for units and scale if they are so equipped.
Digital plates are much more consistent on press.
Digital ports turn the card into a desktop recording studio.
Digital portfolio can come in numerous forms.
Digital portfolios can be a first use of multimedia to help school engage in reform efforts.
Digital portfolios enable the gathering of multiple measures during the teacher preparation program.
Digital portfolios have the added advantage of being accessible over computer networks or CD-ROMs.
Digital postcards take a moment to send one.
Digital potentiometers are wonderful devices that have a variety of potential applications.
Digital presentation has priority of use FOR the LCD projectors.
Digital presentations allow companies to market themselves and their goods in new and exciting ways.
Digital preservation differs from traditional archiving.
Digital preservation is perhaps the most problematic topic and needs much work and planning.
Digital preservation requires active intervention and constant vigilance.
Digital presses are relatively low-cost devices in comparison with conventional newspaper presses.
Digital pressure is applied at the thoracic inlet to cause the jugular vein to distend with blood.
Digital pricing requires digital handset.
Digital prints are actually cheaper as well.
Digital prints are also available on-line.
Digital prints are available on a custom basis.
Digital prints are available.
Digital prints are high quality on good stock.
Digital prints are now available at a lower cost than traditional photographic prints.
Digital prints are reproductions .
Digital prints have fewer pixels.
Digital prints shine by comparison.
All digital prints are available as coated glossy finished, or canvas prints.
Most digital prints are over laminated to enhance the quality and durability of the graphic.
Digital printing can be very profitable.
Digital processing allows a great deal more precision and less distortion than older technologies.
Digital processing can improve picture quality.
Digital processing enables the instrument to offer fully automatic bottom digitizing capabilities.
Digital processing gets cheaper and cheaper.
Digital processing has the capability of using, two, three or more digits for encoding information.
Digital processing is also a requirement for a cross matrixed system.
Digital processing makes the system easy to calibrate and maintain.
Digital processing minimizes nuisance alarms and sets the desired probability of detection.
Digital processors read their instructions from files or streams of binary text.
Digital producer covers all aspects of digital production.
Digital products are dynamic contents being updated and expanded constantly.
Digital products are important because they form an efficient, green fuel for ecommerce.
Digital products are less expensive than photographic products.
Digital products have no fulfillment costs and no shipping costs.
Digital products require testing for compliance to standards developed in Argentina.
Digital products tend to be highly susceptible, as well as high-ticket items like laptops and PCs.
Digital programming takes up far less room on the airwaves than current analog shows.
Digital projection shifts some of the financial burden of movie distribution to theater owners.
Digital publication creates the possibility of multi-media theses.
Digital publishers leave print behind to rather literally follow the action, but only so far.
Digital publishing Coming digital era is felt by everybody in Russian publishing.
Digital publishing is an ongoing process of interactive improvements.
Digital publishing is cheap.
Digital publishing is no longer a niche.
Digital publishing is the ultimate internet business.
Digital radio brings the flexibility and quality of digital audio to radio broadcasts.
Digital radio can only be a success if the public can afford to listen to it.
Digital radio has yet to take off in the UK but is set to grow sharply in the next few years.
Digital radio is a more advanced system of sending information over the airwaves.
Digital radio is a new way of broadcasting that enhances the whole listening experience.
Digital radio is almost here.
Digital radio is in, as is satellite radio.
Digital radio is our only business.
Digital radio is the sound of the future.
Digital radio promises a vast increase in capacity, at modest additional cost.
Digital radios have channels.
Most digital radios have channels.
Digital radiography opens up a whole range of new perspectives.
Digital radiography promises to streamline workflow and improve image quality.
Digital rates are available upon request.
Digital rates are pretty cheap now.
Digital reading shows voltage and current.
Digital reality is a better medium than text for research on human judgment.
Digital receivers generate noise as an unwanted byproduct of the way they work.
Many digital receivers have problems with the processing speed.
Most digital receivers are unable to receive single signals.
Most digital receivers can get so hot and eventually fail to function.
Digital reception provides incredibly sharp TV pictures and near CD quality radio.
Digital reception provides sharper pictures and offers near CD quality audio and radio.
Digital reception requires the use of sophisticated boxes instead of simple tuners.
Most digital recorders use rechargeable batteries.
Digital recording acquires much more information than analog.
Digital recording allows ease of use in marking, forwarding and rewinding.
Digital recording creates an audio or video record rather than a written transcript.
Digital recording gives excellent sound reproduction.
Digital recording has really only become a serious contender in recent years.
Digital recording has several major advantages over analog recording.
Digital recording is a Philips invention.
Digital recording is free of wow and flutter inherent in mechanical recording devices.
Digital recording is the process of recording from a digital source to a digital output.
Digital recording means digital quality.
Digital recording permits a greater colour bandwith for greater accuracy in colour rendition.
Digital reference is extremely problematic in some countries.
Digital representation gives extreme high quality.
Digital representation makes use of physically arbitrary symbols.
Digital reproduction brings several new elements to the process diffusing art.
Some digital reproduction has dimensions.
Many digital resources are on the open Web.
Digital restoration involves scanning film to convert each frame into a digital image.
Digital restoration is presently time consuming and expensive.
Digital revolution is about getting it done.
Digital revolution transforms medical curriculum.
Digital rights are also different from digital cash, which only represents a specific currency.
Digital rights fall into several natural categories.
Digital roots provide some good opportunities for finding patterns.
Digital rules apply.
Digital sabotage is rife in Asia, too.
Digital samplers are available with many different features and sound qualities.
Digital satellites are capable of transmitting, receiving, or relaying digital information.
Digital scans are available for web usage supplementing more traditional methods of delivery.
Digital scans offer freedom from slides while providing comparable or superior images.
Digital scrapbooks are a great way to preserve photographs and documents.
Digital security is a trade-off.
Digital sensors gauge the amount of light coming from different types of terrain on the ground.
Digital sensors measure when and how long an event occurred.
Digital servers have the lowest installation and training costs of any of the four top brands.
Digital service is superior to analog.
Digital service is the new standard, though coverage still is spotty, even in cities.
Digital service works over a regular existing telephone line.
Digital services are also available.
Digital services are available for immediate delivery portraits and for copy and restoration.
Digital services are to be installed by the telephone service provider of tenant s choice.
Digital services are to be installed by the telephone service provider of the tenant s choice.
All digital services require advance booking.
Most digital services support both.
Any digital set is capable of multiple lines.
Digital signal analyses Strong ground motion recording.
Digital signal is a function in which both time and amplitude are quantized .
Digital signals are discrete in both time and amplitude.
Digital signals are discrete, limited.
Digital signals are discrete-one or zero.
Digital signals are much different than analog.
Digital signals are much weaker than the analog ones.
Digital signals are robust.
Digital signals are secure.
Digital signals are the language of modern day computers.
Digital signals are virtually immune to noise, distortion and other quality problems.
Digital signals are virtually immune to noise, distortion, crosstalk, and other quality problems.
Digital signals can perfectly replicate their source at the receiving end.
Digital signals can tolerate large amounts of noise, interference, and distortion.
Digital signals cause even more interference with electronic equipment.
Digital signals have peak power points much like the peak power point of a television signal.
Digital signals produce clear and crisp TV pictures unlike any available from analog technology.
Digital signals tend to reflect off tall buildings, producing multiple images on TV screens.
Digital signature are implemented using cryptography .
Digital signature are implemented using cryptography.
Digital signature is an alternative for a handwritten signature.
Digital signature is an authentication of an electronic record by a person using electronic means.
Digital signature is handled by the cryptographic smart card.
Digital signature is just one of the pieces of information about the document.
Digital signature is one of the great innovations in the history of cryptography.
Digital signing paves the way for a true community of trust to develop.
Digital sound has minimal distortion.
Digital sound improves applications performance.
Digital sound is a powerful audience attraction.
Digital sound is accurate sound.
Digital sound is an engineering break-through.
Digital sound is like that.
Digital sound is the highest in quality to hit the market as of yet.
Digital sources are easier to pirate.
Digital space goes on and on.
Digital speakers are also chips of the old block.
Digital speed casts a stark shadow.
Digital speed is about de-averaging competitive advantage.
Digital speed is all about information.
Digital speed is infectious.
Digital speed resegments segmentation.
Digital speed shrinks the distance between the information and the decision.
Digital steganography descends from the centuries-old practice of information hiding.
Digital stills are great for emailing home too.
Digital stills are nice for capturing moments.
Digital stock defines such a problem.
Digital storage eliminates videotapes and makes files instantly retrievable.
Digital storage is dense, and it gets denser with each passing year.
Digital storage is easy to erase and costly.
Digital storage is in accordance with sec.
Digital storage is simply another medium for archiving information.
Digital stories are incredibly powerful because so much is happening.
Digital stories start with a sketch in either text or images or maybe both, the story board.
Digital strategy is more than a vision statement.
Digital strategy requires fearless leadership.
Digital studies is a site that displays net art on the web.
Digital stuff is a man's work.
Digital stuff is different.
Digital subscribers are heavy users.
Digital subscribers have a choice to visit hosts' sites or send e-mails where links are provided.
Digital surveillance saves customers time and money, averts trouble, and improves confidence.
Digital sustainability is the next great challenge for research libraries.
Most digital synthesizers base their sounds on built-in samples.
Digital system operates on and produces digital signal s.
Digital systems offer a number of potential advantages to customers.
Digital systems offer many benefits over optical systems.
All digital systems are clocked, meaning clock pulses cause everything to happen.
All digital systems are concerned with adequate timing margins.
Digital tape creates no hiss at all.
Digital techniques achieve other looks, too.
Digital technologies are likely to play an important role in the years ahead.
Digital technologies enable flawless duplication of information.
Digital technologies enable new road systems.
Digital technologies have unlimited potential.
Digital technologies make it all possible.
Digital technologies offer many opportunities to change and enhance our services.
Digital technologies seem to have the effect of marginalizing the human body.
Digital technology adds another element to the debate over what is appropriate in film restoration.
Digital technology allows a photographer to create a higher quality image.
Digital technology allows communications signals to be compressed for more efficient transmission .
Digital technology allows damaged negatives to be electronically recovered.
Digital technology allows filmmakers to make actors do things never seen before on the big screen.
Digital technology allows for a very quick procedure time.
Digital technology allows the phone signals to sound clearer and are more secure.
Digital technology allows the photographic document, or index, to be penetrated, and transgressed.
Digital technology allows the student to see results immediately.
Digital technology allows the viewer to obtain close up views of specific areas in an image.
Digital technology appears custom-made for public broadcasting's educational mission.
Digital technology appears to be all encompassing.
Digital technology being developed for television is based on computer digital technology.
Digital technology brings technical advantages over the old analog technology.
Digital technology can also make it easier to manage video images.
Digital technology can be a force for positive change, of that there is no doubt.
Digital technology can be a natural force drawing people into greater world harmony.
Digital technology can often work at extremely low power levels for a given communications path.
Digital technology can potentially help to level the playing field.
Digital technology can tailor the various listening environment needs of hearing aid users.
Digital technology directs the precision beam of the laser.
Digital technology eliminates moving parts and guarantees high reliability.
Digital technology enables users.
Digital technology ensures high quality, year round, maintenance-free recording.
Digital technology expands the role of transmitters and valves for use in asset optimization.
Digital technology forms a large component of CPA's work.
Digital technology frees public broadcasters from the limitations imposed by a single analog signal.
Digital technology gives it new and expansive life in cyberspace.
Digital technology has a major impact on it.
Digital technology has different characteristics than that of traditional analogue technology.
Digital technology has enormous potential to enrich human experience.
Digital technology has the potential to enhance access to library materials.
Digital technology is a big part of that.
Digital technology is a fraction of the cost of conventional video equipment.
Digital technology is a supplement.
Digital technology is about to change all that.
Digital technology is already a large part of the modern film making experience.
Digital technology is an integrated part of the studio environment.
Digital technology is everywhere.
Digital technology is harder to clone or hack, and therefore more secure.
Digital technology is increasingly popular among meeting, convention, and event planners.
Digital technology is inherently superior in delivering signals exactly as they are sent.
Digital technology is key to development of advanced information infrastructures and services.
Digital technology is leveraged to a maximum degree.
Digital technology is more efficient and cost-effective than tape recording systems.
Digital technology is more efficient and secure, with less static and better voice quality.
Digital technology is more expensive to support and allows customers to connect at a faster speed.
Digital technology is more than another way to copy a deteriorating document.
Digital technology is omnipresent in the photo world.
Digital technology is poised to revolutionize all forms of electronic communication.
Digital technology is powerful and often beneficial.
Digital technology is tailor-made for our educational mission.
Digital technology is the key to a wealth of new services.
Digital technology is the latest step in the evolution of television.
Digital technology is the modern miracle that's made it possible.
Digital technology is the most advanced circuitry available.
Digital technology is the new religion.
Digital technology is the technology of the future.
Digital technology makes even the most pedestrian devices work more conveniently.
Digital technology makes it easier to copy works without loss of quality.
Digital technology makes it possible for TV cameras to become smaller.
Digital technology makes it possible to carry five or more programs on each channel.
Digital technology makes it possible to compress signals for more efficient transmission.
Digital technology makes it possible to produce much more flexible EGs at a much lower cost.
Digital technology marks a substantial improvement for the average moviegoer.
Digital technology means another change as well.
Digital technology means fewer moving parts, increasing reliability and volume.
Digital technology means improved sound quality compared to conventional analogue cordless phones.
Digital technology offers another potential cost savings.
Digital technology offers higher quality and less degradation.
Digital technology offers hugely expanding opportunities.
Digital technology offers new and often unexpected advantages in teaching the visual arts.
Digital technology opens an entire new world for the hearing aid wearer.
Digital technology pervades every aspect of modern life.
Digital technology presents an entirely new set of preservation opportunities and challenges.
Digital technology produces sharper, higher-resolution images and crisper sound.
Digital technology promises to reshape traditional broadcasting, both commercial and noncommercial.
Digital technology provides clear benefits and flexibility.
Digital technology provides enhanced sound quality and call privacy.
Digital technology provides higher transmission quality than analog.
Digital technology requires systems-thinking.
Digital technology seems particularly sensitive to the true erratic nature of the temporal fluid.
Digital technology seems to be the way that everything is turning.
Digital technology takes away many of the reasons for large schools.
Digital technology tends to use spectrum more efficiently.
All digital technology obviates the problems above.
Most digital technology enables users.
Digital telecommunication measures one-way packet transmission capacity in terms of bits per second.
Digital telecommunications is another case in point.
Digital television allows broadcasters to provide higher quality services.
Digital television brings a new era in broadcasting and computing.
Digital television comes out of the lab.
Digital television continues to grow as an industry with sales of digital TV products on the rise.
Digital television enables interactivity and provides improved capacity and picture quality.
Digital television is a certainty, a requirement imposed by the federal government.
Digital television is a new method of transmitting broadcast television signals.
Digital television is a new way of broadcasting television signals.
Digital television is a new way of transmitting television pictures.
Digital television is a reality.
Digital television is already a reality worldwide.
Digital television is an area where the UK is proving innovative and experiencing strong growth.
Digital television is an entirely new way of transmitting television pictures.
Digital television is at present strongly associated with pay TV in one form or another.
Digital television is designed and focused for households.
Digital television is here.
Digital television is increasingly a catalyst for broadband home Internet connection.
Digital television is of course, the future.
Digital television is said to be the next huge step forward.
Digital television is simply the TV equivalent of CDs and DVDs.
Digital television is still rather new and most of the time being perceived as pay-TV only.
Digital television is the first step, with limited interaction.
Digital television is the most obvious contender.
Digital television is the technology that still requires a better product.
Digital television is very relevant here.
Digital television means more choice, more convenience and more customization.
Digital television offers both to the consumer.
Digital television offers many possibilities for interactivity.
Digital television offers opportunities for broadcasters to carry programming on multiple channels.
Digital television requires a smart-card.
Digital television transforms the family set.
Digital television uses the same technology that makes computers and CD-players work.
Digital televisions are far more expensive than analogue televisions.
Digital terrain analyses as a tool for predicting soil attributes in glaciated terrain.
Digital text blows all that away.
Digital text is easy to transmit.
Digital texts store electronically.
Digital theatre sound.
Digital thermometer has a lot of extremely useful applications.
Digital thermometers are a great option.
Digital thermometers are also more accurate and easier to use.
Digital thermometers are as accurate as glass ones, and are faster.
Digital thermometers are available in kitchen and grocery stores.
Digital thermometers are cheap and ideal, the use of two is wise to ensure true readings.
Digital thermometers are fairly accurate and have an instant readout.
Digital thermometers are handy.
Digital thermometers come in many sizes and shapes, and some can be quite expensive.
Digital thermometers contain a button cell battery that contains a very small amount of mercury.
Digital thermometers measure temperature by means of a slender device called a probe.
Digital thermometers offer an environmentally-preferable alternative to mercury thermometers.
Digital thermometers placed in the ear are available too.
Digital thermometers produce accurate readings more quickly than mercury thermometers.
Digital thermometers take an immediate temperature reading in the ear and are easy to use.
Digital thermometers use electronic circuits and devices to show temperature measurements.
Digital thermometers work just as well.
Most digital thermometers are easy to use and measure body temperature within seconds.
Most digital thermometers read the temperature at the tip.
Some digital thermometers have advantage.
Digital thermostats are accurate to one degree.
Digital thermostats save energy through pin-point accuracy.
Digital things have very little physical existence.
Digital time is precise, but limited to discrete moments.
Digital timers are also less likely to wear out or malfunction.
Digital timers are significantly more effective with such students.
Digital titrators have counters that display numbers.
Digital tools are the best way to open the door and add flexibility.
Digital transducers support event-driven reporting.
Digital transmission allows more than one service to be carried on a single frequency channel.
Digital transmission can also use a lower quality medium and remain true.
Digital transmission has some advantages to analog transmission.
Digital transmission is considered superior to analog.
Digital transmission is essential both for science and for crew health.
Digital transmission is inherently safe against eavesdropping.
Digital transmission is refered to as baseband, most analog transmission is refered to as broadband.
Digital transmission is the same language that a computer uses to talk to a printer.
Digital transmission link with series-connected telemetry channels.
Digital transmission makes cell phones more like computers.
Digital transmission means clearer pictures and sound for viewers.
Digital transmission occurs with discrete intervals.
Digital transmission provides several benefits to wireless customers.
Digital transmission refers to a particular kind of transmission facility implementation.
Digital transmissions are much less liable to interference such as ghosting and electrical noise.
Digital transmissions are the basis for countless transactions.
Digital transmissions can be en-crypted in a wide choice of ways.
Digital transmissions can deliver a perfect signal, free of ghosts, interference and picture noise.
Digital transmissions involve the making of incidental copies to make the transmission possible.
Digital transmitters can also replace block converters and help to improve noise performance.
Digital triggers synchronize the acquisition and voltage generation to an external digital pulse.
Digital type has no body no body no body Virtual texts have no substance in any physical terms.
Digital units cost three times as much as film units.
Digital units require batteries.
Digital values are available here .
Digital versions are available.
Digital video allows faster and more sophisticated access to speci c parts of video streams.
Digital video allows information and pictures to be compressed and displayed on monitors.
Digital video allows most people to make their own film.
Digital video can originate on a computer or be digitized from an analog source.
Digital video changes everything.
Digital video continues to go very well.
Digital video costs serious dough.
Digital video divides the number of colors or gray scales into a distinct number of points.
Digital video has many applications, and several advantages over video tape.
Digital video is a big part of the microcinema boom.
Digital video is a good example example of isochronous data.
Digital video is a high-resolution video format that treats video and audio as digital information.
Digital video is also a new and growing service.
Digital video is also on the rise.
Digital video is an alternative way of storing or distributing video.
Digital video is both non-linear and digital.
Digital video is cheaper to produce and ship.
Digital video is even worse, but acceptable for video.
Digital video is generated by sampling and quantizing analog video signals.
Digital video is generated by taking limited samples of analog video.
Digital video is here in full voice and the consumer is the better for it.
Digital video is hot.
Digital video is in preparation.
Digital video is nothing more than a digital representation of the analog video signal.
Digital video is only part of the equation.
Digital video is overrated.
Digital video is recorded at strategic points in the facility.
Digital video is recorded at strategic points throughout the facility.
Digital video is recorded from strategic points in the facility.
Digital video is represented as a sequence of digital images.
Digital video is the future of the Internet.
Digital video is the future of the web.
Digital video is the future, folks.
Digital video is the next revolution.
Digital video is transformed from a passive to an active experience.
Digital video is transmitted over a cable in either a parallel or serial format.
Digital video is unwieldy.
Digital video is used to clarify complex procedures.
Digital video is way better than analog.
Digital video leaves plenty of room for viewing versatility.
Digital video offers distinct advantages in terms of access and use.
Digital video offers some tremendous advantages for the system operator.
Digital video opens the possibility of real time and recorded contact with the creators of theatre.
Digital video requires a great deal of storage space.
Digital video requires considerably more disk space.
Digital video requires lots of memory and processing power.
Digital video takes up a lot of hard disk space.
Digital video tends to involve large files.
Digital video utilizes even less of a workstation screen.
Digital videos are easy to transfer to the computer and are already in the required digital format.
Digital videotape is used to insure a final product that is broadcast-standard quality.
A digital voltmeter is a voltmeter
Digital voltmeters are available from energized fence manufacturers.
Digital voltmeters are well adapted to the analysis of stray voltage.
Digital volume limiting, automatic date function, and audible cue are standard.
Digital wallets are available to consumers free of charge, and they're fairly easy to obtain.
Digital watermarks are easy to create and read.
Digital watermarks are just that, digital.
Digital watermarks can invisibly mark images and sound files to discourage illegal copying.
Digital watermarks can serve as digital signature for subsequent copies.
Digital watermarks require special viewing software for seeing and reading the serial numbers.
Digital wireless is a cheaper and better way of delivering service.
Digital wisdom is gained by continuously learning more about clients through each interaction.
Digital work begins within a computer.
Digital work takes lots of time and practice.
All digital work is done in house.
Digital workflow provides added flexibility in case of late changes.
Digital workflows are now in their third generation.
Digital worm face gear drives.
Digital xerography produces minimal environmental impact.
Digital zoom enlarges the image digitally without changing the optics.
Digital zooms are just software-enhanced images.
Digitalis can accumulate in tissues even when taken as prescribed.
Digitalis can cause Cardiac arrhythmias if hypokalemia occurs.
Digitalis directly decreases sinus automaticity only at high, toxic, concentrations.
Digitalis directly depresses sinus node automaticity.
Digitalis slows the pulse and slows the conduction of nerve impulses in the heart.
Digitalis lantana is the species grown commercially for pharmaceutical use.
Digitalis lantana is the species used for the commercial use and is grown in south eastern Europe.
Digitalisation impinges on creation, production and distribution.
Digitalisation is medical aid
Digitalisation is the catalyst of the convergence.
Digitalisation is the means.
Digitalization brings complexity, which can affect all aspects of the user experience.
Digitalization brings like minds together.
Digitalization has the potential to bring in the desired savings and drive up profits substantially.
Digitalization increases accessiblity.
Digitalization increases student-centeredness .
Digitalization is a double-edged sword, as it allows for easier piracy.
Digitalization is how computers work.
Digitalization is medical aid
Digitalization is medical care.
Digitalization is the process of converting from analog equipment to digital.
Digitalization is, however, a double-edged sword.
Digitalization makes it possible to overcome the separation between different networks.
Digitalization removes geographical barriers and saves time.
Digitate corals look like fingers or clumps of cigars and have no secondary branches.
Digitial communications ware.
Digitial objects require more time, resources, quality control and management than anticipated.
Digitisation affects almost all society's infrastructures.
Digitisation is a challenge to public broadcasters everywhere.
Digitisation is a conversion
Digitisation is a prerequisite of information being processed by computers.
Digitisation is contracted out.
Digitisation is here.
A digitiser is a device
Digitiser die bonded into package.
Digitization allows for perfect copying.
Digitization brings together many different kinds of data.
Digitization can send mail electronically in a matter of minutes.
Digitization continues during the readout, thanks to the use of dual port memory.
Digitization costs a great deal of time and money.
Digitization creates unprecedented access and minimizes issues of inequity.
Digitization describes a variety of processes from scanning to more traditional processes.
Digitization expands the amount of space available in the spectrum in two ways.
Digitization has costs that scale linearly by the number of pages.
Digitization is a conversion
Digitization is a developing and growing format for preserving and perusing materials.
Digitization is a double-edged sword, as it allows for easier piracy.
Digitization is a first step towards the creation of multimedia databases.
Digitization is a process that converts continuous signals into a digital form.
Digitization is a process, and there are MANY variables and technologies.
Digitization is a reformatting option for providing increased access to materials.
Digitization is all about making personalized source material easy to obtain.
Digitization is at risk of becoming yet another unfunded mandate.
Digitization is conversions.
Digitization is essentially the taking of electronic photographs of objects.
Digitization is for preservation and for research access.
Digitization is great for increased access.
Digitization is nearly perfect .
Digitization is one of three important methods of building electronic collections.
Digitization is one step beyond atomization.
Digitization is requested for purposes of BOTH preservation of and access to the materials.
Digitization is rising in today's society, it is the form of many technology uses.
Digitization is still no substitute for microfilming and mass de-acidification of brittle materials.
Digitization is the conversion of text or image documents to electronic format.
Digitization is the latest method libraries and archives have used to preserve information.
Digitization is very much a part of the solution to achieving information superiority.
Digitization is very prone to clipping on overload.
Digitization occurs as the video and audio signals are fed into the computer.
Digitization potentializes only the possibilities of mediated music from one pole to the other.
Digitization presents opportunities to organize, display, and integrate collection sin new ways.
Digitization promises convergence through the common currency of bits.
Digitization provides tools to detect private digital copying of a protected work and to limit it.
Digitization represents reality in snapshots.
Digitize images provide representations.
Digitized book covers accompany production schedules, sales reports and an employee database.
Digitized photographs are almost infinitely malleable.
A digitizer is a device
Digitizers are fairly trouble free and come in a variety of sizes.
Digitizers are useful for converting existing paper maps into a more usable, digital, format.
Digitizers differ in physical size and resolution.
Digitizers just work.
All digitizers are subject to artifacts from aliasing.
Dignified cuckoldry is a difficult trick, but it can be done.
Dignified waiters move slowly in between the tables.
A dignitary is an adult
Dignitaries dot the room, Blithely sipping wine.
Dignitaries gather around the dedicatory plaque in Argentina.
Dignitaries sit in rows of chairs in front of the church.
Dignity also sponsors social activities, such as covered dish dinners.
Dignity can be an even better provider than money.
Dignity can have a look, an attitude, pride, or simple or elegant presence.
Dignity characterizes our interactions with consumers, families and fellow employees.
Dignity continues to look for two volunteers to take over two important ministries.
Dignity counts for something.
Dignity gives an individual a sense of value and worth.
Dignity has nothing to do with sex or maintaining one's virginity.
Dignity impacts on health.
Dignity is a real issue.
Dignity is a universal trait.
Dignity is another.
Dignity is associated with feeling good about oneself.
Dignity is attributed only to sacredness.
Dignity is bearings.
Dignity is difficult to preserve in alcohol.
Dignity is in moral excellence.
Dignity is inherent in the fact of being a human being.
Dignity is lost.
Dignity is one of the more precious of human attributes.
Dignity is pride and self-respect.
Dignity is pride
Dignity is pride.
Dignity is rather simple.
Dignity is related to a student's sense of self worth and respect for others.
Dignity is restored.
Dignity is shown through clarity, purity and innocent vision.
Dignity is status.
Dignity is the byword for a deep-seated and still prevalent school of Arab political practice.
Dignity is the difference between an honest person and a jerk.
Dignity is the honor of the family.
Dignity is the property by virtue of which beings possess moral status.
Dignity is the simple ideal that the working class strives to achieve.
Dignity is the word that comes to mind.
Dignity is tomorrow.
Dignity is what was missing as the media scrambled around.
Dignity is, therefore, a looking.
Dignity is, therefore, bridge and looking and recognition and respect.
Dignity is, therefore, recognition and respect.
Dignity looks forward to meeting the 'outstretched hand' of invitation offered by the bishops.
Dignity makes a real attempt to integrate faith and life.
Dignity means a sense of one's proper self-worth.
Dignity means being worthy and honorable.
Dignity means treating another as if they have intrinsic needs.
Dignity means worthiness of honor.
Dignity means worthy of esteem or honor.
Dignity provides a peaceful community, a clean environment, a center, safety.
Dignity provides spiritual phone counseling.
Dignity returns to the set list after almost five years.
Dignity speaks of a respectable reputation especially in spiritual matters.
Dignity when dodging a ball can be a luxury.
Dignity's a touniquet.
Digoxin toxicity is relatively rare because of more consistent formulations and better prescribing.
A digoxin is a steroid
Digoxin also depresses the electrical activity of the heart.
Digoxin also reduces pulmonary and peripheral edema.
Digoxin attempts to put the heart back into a normal pattern of beating.
Digoxin benefits for heart failure patients are independent of age.
Digoxin can improve function and slows heart rate and atrioventricular conduction.
Digoxin can increase cardiac output and reduce circulating neurohormones.
Digoxin can lead to side effects if the dosage is too high.
Digoxin causes an increase in vagal tone which decreases the rate of SA node depolarization.
Digoxin comes as pills and as a liquid.
Digoxin comes in a flavored liquid form.
Digoxin crosses both the blood-brain barrier and the placenta.
Digoxin follows multiphasic distribution.
Digoxin has a delayed onset of action of two hours.
Digoxin has a similar ring structure to estrogen.
Digoxin has no effect on blood pressure.
Digoxin helps by slowing down and controlling the heart rate.
Digoxin helps the heart pump better.
Digoxin increases the power of each heartbeat and slows a heart rate that's too rapid.
Digoxin interacts with many other drugs.
Digoxin is a chemical found in the foxglove plant.
Digoxin is a common heart medicine.
Digoxin is a drug used to treat some heart conditions.
Digoxin is a drug used to treat some heart problems.
Digoxin is a highly effective substance used in many cardiac stimulants.
Digoxin is a known cause of gynecomastia .
Digoxin is a medication used frequently for patients with heart problems.
Digoxin is a medicine which comes from the foxglove plant.
Digoxin is a medicine which helps the heart to beat stronger.
Digoxin is a positive inotrope and lowers heart rate.
Digoxin is a substrate for P-glycoprotein.
Digoxin is also is associated with an increased incidence of Xerostomia.
Digoxin is an ancient drug obtained from the foxglove plant.
Digoxin is available for oral and intravenous administration.
Digoxin is by no means the only drug used to treat heart disease and dysrhythmias.
Digoxin is concentrated in tissues and therefore has a large apparent volume of distribution.
Digoxin is given by mouth and absorbed by the stomach.
Digoxin is prescribed for heart failure.
Digoxin is prescribed to increase the force of each heart beat.
Digoxin is prescribed to treat congestive heart failure and some cardiac arrhythmias.
Digoxin is recorded as interacting with many drugs in human medicine.
Digoxin is released and the antibody is metabolized eventually in the liver.
Digoxin is sometimes effective.
Digoxin is the drug of choice for treatment of many SVTs.
Digoxin is used in arrhythmias to slow and strengthen the heart.
Digoxin is used to increase the power of each heart beat and slows a too fast rate.
Digoxin is used to treat atrial fibrillation.
Digoxin is used to treat heart failure and different kinds of irregular heart beats.
Digoxin is used widely in the treatment of various arrhythmias .
Digoxin makes the heart beat more strongly.
Digoxin reduces -adrenergic contractile response in rabbit hearts.
Digoxin shows a rapid onset of action and is rapidly excreted.
Digoxin takes the longest to slow the ventricular response.
Digoxin tends to be the least effective at controlling the rate with physical activity.
Digoxin use to control atrial fibrillation is permitted.
Digoxin works in two ways.
Digoxin works to increase the strength of the heart muscle.
Digoxins are drugs.
Digoxin usually has nothing to do with memory loss unless the drug is given in high or toxic levels.
Digoxin usually slows the ventricular response rate but only occasionally restores sinus rhythm.
A digram is a letter
Digrams have a length of two, and trigrams have a length of three.
A digraph is a letter
Digraphs are graphemes written with more than one letter.
Digraphs are letters.
Digraphs maximal with respect to arc connectivity.
Digraphs maximal with respect to connectivity.
Digression is a message
Digression is fun but of limited consequence.
Digression is journeys.
Digression is messages.
Digression is the soul of wit.
Digressions are welcome, and new books and ideas are always becoming available.
Digressions becomes the main purpose of the epic action.
Dihedral angel are easy to visualize using Newman projections.
Dihedral angle refers in general to the angle between two planes.
Dihedral angles can be tricky to visualize.
Dihedral effects are present in the lateral directional data.
Dihedral groups are all realizable in the plane.
Dihedral groups arise frequently in art and nature.
All dihedral groups contain a reflection.
Dihydric alcohol is alcohol
Dihydric alcohols are physically and chemically related to glycerol.
A dike is a barrier
DIKE is a database relating to the creditworthiness of firms on the register.
Dike translates literally into prosecution .
Dikes are discordant features.
Dikes are discordant tabular plutons.
Dikes are extremely abundant in the metamorphic rocks.
Dikes are ingenious intrusions cutting across surrounding rock.
Dikes are intrusions that the liquid state squeeze up through existing country rock.
Dikes are masculine and want to be like men.
Dikes are molten material intruded into cracks in the igneous host rock.
Dikes are often steeply inclined or nearly vertical.
Dikes are small, tabular intrusive rock bodies.
Dikes are tabular in shape, and they cut discordantly across adjacent rock layers.
Dikes are the remnants of magma that flowed into vertical fractures.
Dikes are thin sheets of magma intruded into fractures in the crust.
Dikes can help contain the water but they also cut off the river from the floodplain.
Dikes crossing a river make excellent gold traps.
Dikes downstream have to be larger and higher to cope with the increased amount of water.
Dikes now protect wetlands from erosion, control the water levels, and stabilize the vegetation.
Dikes provide entry for traffic on to the site and control erosion.
Dikes radiate from the neck.
Dikes tend to be massive and very fine-grained and weather out in positive relief.
Dikes tend to channel ground-water flow parallel to the general trend of the dikes.
All dikes are tiered with flat stones.
Dilapidated buildings are prone to devastating fires.
Dilapidated buildings line the entrance to the city.
Dilapidated buildings side by side with plus multi-storey hotels, bars and restaurants.
Dilapidated buildings stand in the midst of litter blown on the wind.
Dilatant fluids increase their viscosity with agitation.
Dilatation begins immediately if no skin graft is used.
Dilatation is a gross feature.
Dilatation is expansion
Dilatation is illnesses.
Dilatation is medical diagnosises.
Dilatation is minimal or absent, which is important in differentiating from other disorders.
Dilatation is the increase in the diameter of the cervix.
Dilatation is the widening of the cervix using progressively wider metal rods.
Dilatation is usually sufficient to open the stricture.
Dilatation opens up, or widens, the cervix, which is the neck of the uterus.
Dilatation sounds good, and Stents are a possibility.
Dilate pupils seek care.
Dilate pupils seek medical care.
Dilate pupils seek prompt medical care.
Most dilate pupils seek care.
Most dilate pupils seek medical care.
Most dilate pupils seek prompt medical care.
Dilated cardiomyopathy can either be idiopathic or have a known etiology.
Dilated cardiomyopathy is a frequent and serious complication of idiopathic hemochromatosis.
Dilated cardiomyopathy is a loss of muscle tone decreasing the strength of the heart muscles.
Dilated cardiomyopathy is a major cause of heart transplantation.
Dilated cardiomyopathy is a serious condition.
Dilated cardiomyopathy is the most common form of non- ischemic cardiomyopathy.
Dilated cardiomyopathy is the most common type.
Dilated cardiomyopathy is well known in domestic carnivores and in man.
Dilated cardiomyopathy occurs most often in middle-aged people and more often in men than women.
Dilated nostrils reflect interest, curiosity or apprehension.
Dilated pupils are a serious sign in any animal.
Dilated pupils indicate a cat that is frightened and about ready to become aggressive.
Dilated pupils Seek emergency treatment.
Dilating Coordinates Create a point on the coordinate plane and determine the coordinates.
Dilating drops used for the test make driving unsafe.
Dilation can be a uniform enlargement or irregular and result in the formation of pouches.
Dilation can cause bleeding and laceration.
Dilation distorts the normal fiber angle, which adversely effects systolic torsion.
Dilation expands and brightens an image, while erosion shrinks and darkens.
Dilation indicates first or second order neuron lesion.
Dilation is a chore at first and requires discipline.
Dilation is accomplished by contraction of radial muscles running from the pharynx to the body wall.
Dilation is an important part of the optometric exam.
Dilation is discussion.
Dilation is done with a number of dilators.
Dilation is expansion
Dilation is expansion.
Dilation is likely to produce more scarring and make the condition worse.
Dilation is often uncomfortable.
Dilation is part of the physiological process of migraine.
Dilation is performed with improvement of the patient s symptoms.
Dilation is required in order to stop the vagina from closing.
Dilation isa discussion.
Dilation makes the eye very sensitive to sunlight.
Dilation needs to be without medication.
Dilation occurs by tensile cracking and is necessary to lift sliding blocks over asperities.
Dilation occurs in all abortions and it is done by two methods.
Dilation takes from eight to twenty-four hours in a woman who has never given birth before.
Dilation usually takes about two minutes.
A dilator is a body part
Dilators also help women learn to relax the vaginal muscles.
Dilators are body parts.
Dilators are drugs.
Dilators are muscles.
Dilators come in many forms.
Dilators work best when used early to prevent vaginal shrinkage.
Dildo haven is home of lesbian games and female solo masterbation sessions.
A dildo is a vibrator
Some dildos have macrophallic dimensions including over a dozen inches long.
Some dildos vibrate and pivot for extra pleasure .
Some dildos vibrate and pivot for extra pleasure.
Dilemma Imagine the life of a typical category manager within a retailer.
Dilemma is perplexity
Dilemma is perplexity.
Dilemma is situations.
Dilemmas are frequent, are of immediate concern, and require a response.
Dilemmas arise when cherished values conflict.
Dilemmas bring issues into sharp focus.
Dilemmas generated by cognitive and situational constraints are genuine.
Dilemmas have no correct answer.
Dilemmas pass in moments.
All dilemmas shown on the maps have a similar structure.
Some dilemmas do arise.
A dilettante is an amateur
Dilettantes talk about writing.
Diligence brings promotion and increased income.
Diligence calls for perfect touches.
Diligence Expect each individual to give energetic attention and effort to the project.
Diligence gives wings to ambition by which it soars up to the highest pitch of advancement.
Diligence is a trait
Diligence is an important part of a person's employment or career.
Diligence is anticipated on many River District decrees based on recent proceedings.
Diligence is determination.
Diligence is essential, in such a war.
Diligence is found from within, and skill is learned from others.
Diligence is key here.
Diligence is key in applying repellents Most repellents are applied to plants as foliar sprays.
Diligence is meritorious.
Diligence is necessary for seeing our work through to the end.
Diligence is necessary in study habits.
Diligence is necessary.
Diligence is one of the most important keys to victory.
Diligence is probably the key word there.
Diligence is required both by the writer and the reader.
Diligence is taught in the Bible.
Diligence is the ability to choose rightly per time from many alternatives.
Diligence is the key to being published whether on the Internet or in print.
Diligence is the key to getting telecommuting jobs.
Diligence is the key to success.
Diligence is the key word here.
Diligence is the key.
Diligence is the most important.
Diligence is the mother of good fortune.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Diligence is the provision of services in a reasonably prompt and thorough manner.
Diligence is uninterrupted practice.
Diligence is very important for the new believer.
Diligence pays off here.
Diligence really helps.
Diligence refers to the work that was performed between conception and reduction to practice.
Diligence refers to work done between the conception and reduction to practice stages of invention.
Diligence soon becomes the centre of a battle for control of the racing underworld.
Diligence takes effort.
Diligent attention needs to be given to the divers airway.
Diligent care is critical from the time of planting until new roots are established.
Diligent collectors can find rare treats at flea markets.
Diligent customers send in their logs to abuse, and then they take action from there.
Diligent effort is made to ensure that all hatcheries are accounted for in the estimate.
Diligent effort is made to ensure that all operations are accounted for in the estimate.
Diligent filters prove quite successful in stopping most of the undesirable spam.
Diligent guardians are a critical component of success.
Diligent hand pulling can help control small infestations.
Diligent practice can make one a skilled person.
Diligent preparation is extremely important in feather lei making.
Diligent research reveals that absolutely nothing happens.
Diligent students are to consider such a possibility.
Most diligent students practice daily for long periods.
Diligent supervision is extremely important in Trinidad and Venezuela.
Diligent teachers produce diligent students.
Dill oil extracts from dill seeds.
Dill oil extracts from seeds.
Dill oil is considered safe as a food additive.
Some dill oil is used in cosmetics and perfumes.
Dill pickle has bold flavor.
Dill pickle has flavor.
Dill pickle is located in jars.
Dill pickle is pickle
Dill pickle is pickle.
Dill pickles are a surprise ingredient, adding a hint of sour to the sweet tomato-y richness.
Dill pickles are available in many forms - chips, spears, halves or whole.
Dill pickles are brined with dill added to the solution, obviously.
Dill pickles are low in calories.
Dill pickles are popular.
Dill pickles are the most popular type of pickle, followed by sweet.
Dill pickles are the most popular, followed by sweet pickles.
Dill pickles are twice as popular as sweet.
Most dill pickle has bold flavor.
Most dill pickle has flavor.
Dill plants grow in locations.
A dill seed is a seasoning
Dill seed has antibacterial, sedative, and diuretic effects.
Dill seed is a pungent ingredient found in salad dressings, pickles, sauerkraut, and even breads.
Dill seed is available in the spice section of the supermarket all year round.
Dill seed is more pungent than the leaves and is the primary flavoring in dill pickles.
Dill seed is rich in mineral salts and is used in salt-free diets.
Dill seed is used as a spice , with a flavor similar to caraway .
Dill seed is used as a spice, with a flavor similar to caraway.
Dill seed is used primarily to flavor pickles and in bread, potato, and vegetable dishes.
Dill seeds are part of dill.
Dill seeds come from bloom plants.
Dill seeds come from flowers.
Dill seeds come from plants.
Dill seeds have flavor.
Most dill seeds are part of dill.
Most dill seeds come from bloom plants.
Most dill seeds come from flowers.
Most dill seeds come from plants.
Most dill seeds have flavor.
Dill weeds are part of dill.
Most dill weeds are part of dill.
Some dill weeds contain fiber.
Dill adds distinctive flavor.
Dill adds flavor.
Dill grows best in a well drained, slightly acidic soil, rich in organic matter.
Dill grows best in light, well-drained, slightly acidic soil.
Dill grows extremely well in any semi-rich soil.
Dill grows in most regions of North America.
Dill grows slowly during short days.
Dill grows tall, lanky stems and fine graceful foliage that peaks in spring.
Dill grows well in gardens throughout the entire United States.
Dill has (part) cell membranes.
Dill has (part) cells.
Dill has (part) corpi.
Dill has (part) cytoplasm.
Dill has (part) dill seeds.
Dill has (part) dill weeds.
Dill has (part) nuclei.
Dill has (part) plasma membranes.
Dill has (part) sections.
Dill has (part) vacuoles.
Dill has (part) vegetables.
Dill has abundant foliage.
Dill has deep roots.
Dill has foliage.
Dill has roots.
Dill has tap roots.
Dill is a herb
Dill is herbaceous plants.
Dill is herbs.
Dill is part of dill.
Dill is plants.
Dill is rivers.
Dill isa herb.
Dill pairs nicely with any and all potato dishes, cold or warm, including potato soup.
Dill prefers fairly moist soil throughout the growing season.
Dill produces seeds.
Dill produces strong taproots.
Dill produces taproots.
Dill vinegar, however, forms a popular household condiment.
Most dill adds distinctive flavor.
Most dill adds flavor.
Most dill has abundant foliage.
Most dill has deep roots.
Most dill has foliage.
Most dill has roots.
Most dill has tap roots.
Most dill produces seeds.
Most dill produces strong taproots.
Most dill produces taproots.
Some dill attracts beneficial insects.
Some dill attracts butterflies.
Some dill attracts insects.
Some dill belongs to families.
Some dill develops long taproots.
Some dill develops taproots.
Some dill grows on stalks.
Some dill grows on tall stalks.
Some dill has alternation.
Some dill has antimicrobial effects.
Some dill has effects.
Some dill has long taproots.
Some dill has properties.
Some dill has taproots.
Some dill has tremendous heal properties.
Some dill produces leaves.
Some dill produces wispy leaves.
Dillo service needs to be more frequent and more reliable.
Diluent side is plumbed to accept and switch to off board gas.
Diluent volume influences susceptibility of field bindweed biotypes to glyphosate.
Diluent is an agent
Diluents are usually talcs, clays or diatomaceous earth.
Diluents chosen are cyclohexane, toluene, benzene and chlorobenzene.
Dilute acids are mixtures that contain small amounts of acid dissolved in large amounts of water.
Dilute acids are relatively harmless.
Dilute colors can include blue, blue-fawn, fawn, etc.
More dilute forms have lower stability.
Dilute phospholipid is used to increase the sensitivity in looking for lupus anticoagulants.
Dilute sludge is fed to a center - feed well.
Dilute solutions cause mild skin irritation and hardening of the epidermis.
Dilute solutions have a small amount of solute.
Dilute solutions present significantly reduced hazards.
Diluted bases have a bitter taste.
Diluted disinfectants deteriorate on standing.
Diluted fascism is one road to war.
Diluted halothane is unstable and needs to be made fresh for each use.
Diluted insulin tends to lose potency after about a week, even if refrigerated.
Diluted oil can cause damage to the bearing surfaces in the compressor.
Diluted oil is used to massage aching muscles.
Diluted oils are also much safer to use.
Diluted plasma is incubated in a test well precoated with the initial capture antibody.
Diluted product is corrosive to eyes.
Diluted wine is almost as big of a mistake as oxygen.
Dilution ratios vary according to the needs of the application.
A dilution is a solution
Dilution appears imminent.
Dilution can reduce the concentration of pathogens and toxins below an effective level.
Dilution connotes a decrease in something.
Dilution encompasses both tarnishment and blurring.
Dilution grow with legume or another grass.
Dilution is a highly effective technique.
Dilution is another concern.
Dilution is bad.
Dilution is good.
Dilution is looked at the wrong way.
Dilution is more important than biodegradation in rivers.
Dilution is no longer the solution to pollution.
Dilution is one method that can be used to help ruminal microorganisms adapt to high nitrate feeds.
Dilution is recommended and only with distilled or purified water.
Dilution is the best method for solids.
Dilution is the measurement used to describe the amount of penetration in terms of the base metal.
Dilution is the solution.
Dilution is their solution to pollution.
Dilution is used in toxicity calculations.
Dilution isa mixture.
Dilution makes the unstable peroxides safer to produce, handle, and use.
Dilution occurs if the herbicide is distributed in a larger volume of soil.
Dilution occurs when a company issues more shares.
Dilution occurs when a number of companies use similar trademarks on similar goods.
Dilution produces a lighter, more natural colour which can be repeated if it's too light.
Dilution reduces earnings per share by increasing the number of shares potentially outstanding.
Dilution refers to the mixing of good or clean air with polluted air.
Dilution yields a thinner film for constant spin speed.
Dilutions are solutions.
Dilution's no solution.
Dilutions vary with surface conditions, type of metering systems and equipment used.
Dilution usually refers to a concentration of a material in a liquid and sometimes in a gas.
All dilutions are to be done in sterile saline unless otherwise instructed.
Some dilutions can have effects.
Some dilutions can have subtle effects.
Dimal soils have rock fragments dominated by sandstones.
A dime novel is a novel
Dime novels appear.
A dime is coin
Dime isa coin.
DiMES also assists students in finding financial resources.
Dimes are coin.
Dimes are located in purses.
Dimes are out, calling cards are in.
Dimes are silver.
Dimes have (part) sections.
Dimes seem to work best.
Every dime goes back into the child.
Every dime goes to the animals and helps make a difference in their lives.
Every dime goes to the continuing construction of the building.
Every dime is useless overhead.
Some dimes are brighter than others.
Dimension lines are about half as bold as object lines.
Dimension lumber is the principal stress-graded lumber product available at most retail lumberyards.
Dimension lumber is used primarily in house framing.
Dimension reduction describes loss of precision.
Dimension stone is stone that has been selected and cut to specific shapes or sizes .
Dimension stone is stone that has been selected and cut to specific shapes or sizes.
Dimension stone is uncrushed rock that has been cut into specified sizes for use in construction.
Dimension stone is used for facing, curbing, flooring, stair treads, and other architectural work.
Dimension tables are smaller and hold descriptive data that reflect the Dimensions of the business.
Dimension tables consist of data in which the fact tables can be reported and summarized on.
Dimension tables contain descriptive information about the fact or summary tables.
A dimension is a magnitude
Dimension allows the user to analyze multiple images simultaneously.
Dimension also provides early postemergence crabgrass control.
Dimension analyses of perceived sound quality of sound-reproducing systems.
Dimension Call it the anti-megaplex.
Dimension explores a spirited debate.
Dimension extends  java.lang.
Dimension given is approximate width between legs.
Dimension goes under the hood to try and find out what happened.
Dimension implies direction, implies measurement, implies the more and the less.
Dimension indicates maximum diameter of taper.
Dimension is achieved by the use of a midtone, shadow and highlight.
Dimension is added through shading of face and body.
Dimension is added to the leaves and blossom by blending shades and hues of a variety of colours.
Dimension is also is created by an overlay of linear motifs and semi-opaque washes.
Dimension is dicamba with an added compound which about doubles the activity.
Dimension is interdependent with resolution.
Dimension is organized around the concept of a project.
Dimension is Tampa Bay's premiere graphic arts service bureau.
Dimension is the size in pixels of the display window.
Dimension isa magnitude.
Dimension looks at a popular food item and the safe methods for preparation.
Dimension provides the critical functionality that has been missing until now.
Dimension refers to the type of measurement, such as length.
Dimension sets up cameras inside both cars.
Dimension tries to provide a clearer look at the new book.
Dimensions above are usual finished sizes.
Dimensions Adjust the height and width of the new or currently selected image as measured in pixels.
Dimensions apply for both slotted and cross type recess heads.
Dimensions are a manifestation of frequency.
Dimensions are actual size of strap.
Dimensions are also limited because of size factors as well.
Dimensions are an important element in accurate representation.
Dimensions are approx.
Dimensions are approximate.
Dimensions are as claimed by the manufacturer.
Dimensions are aspects of the evaluand.
Dimensions are available for all merchandise.
Dimensions are available for all our optical choppers and shutters.
Dimensions are available in the narthex.
Dimensions are available on request.
Dimensions are available upon request.
Dimensions are both automatic and associative.
Dimensions are concerned with the units in which quantities are measured.
Dimensions are correct and consistent.
Dimensions are entities that represent dimensional information about the facts.
Dimensions are fashion.
Dimensions are for isometric axes.
Dimensions are for price calculation only.
Dimensions are for reference only.
Dimensions are for sofas only.
Dimensions are for the ornament only.
Dimensions are from a standard model or are in the text.
Dimensions are from downstage side of smoke pocket, edge of proscenium wall.
Dimensions are functional and intended to represent general characteristics of the products.
Dimensions are in both Metric and Imperial notation.
Dimensions are in English and metric units.
Dimensions are in inches and metric.
Dimensions are in inches, weights in pounds.
Dimensions are in inches.
Dimensions are in light-years.
Dimensions are in meters.
Dimensions are in microns.
Dimensions are in millimeters.
Dimensions are in pixels.
Dimensions are in yards.
Dimensions are inches.
Dimensions are inclusive of connectors.
Dimensions are inside airline Hand baggage allowance .
Dimensions are inside measurements.
Dimensions are item attributes that seem to order the items in the map along a continuum.
Dimensions are key to special collections books and key to distinguishing between manifestations.
Dimensions are magnitudes.
Dimensions are merely directions of movement which can be measured .
Dimensions are metric.
Dimensions are millimeters.
Dimensions are nominal.
Dimensions are of the image area, in inches.
Dimensions are standard.
Dimensions are strap width.
Dimensions are subject to change without notice and are for planning purposes only.
Dimensions are the same as steel units.
Dimensions are the same.
Dimensions are time.
Dimensions are to be used.
Dimensions are typical of silica optical fiber dimensions.
Dimensions are unframed size.
Dimensions are user-defined fields whose values can be input for each serialized unit.
Dimensions are ways that the data can be sliced or viewed or segmented.
Dimensions are width by height in cm on unframed painting, and are only approximate.
Dimensions are without candles.
Dimensions are wrong and stuff.
Dimensions become blurred, and what is real and what is reflection rely on the imagination.
Dimensions can be somewhat smaller for a single adult, but remember, height is very important.
Dimensions can have multiple hierarchies.
Dimensions can include such items as products and fiscal periods.
Dimensions can vary so none are given here.
Dimensions connects to the side of the phone and increases the width of the phone.
Dimensions contribute to improvement.
Dimensions depend on container size and distance from boom to base.
Dimensions depend on the model.
Dimensions depend upon the size of the desired design.
Dimensions equal dimensions.
Dimensions Generally visiting cards comes in two standard sizes.
Dimensions given above are actual sizes.
Dimensions given above are for finished ad copy, including margins.
Dimensions given are approximate, measuring exterior of case.
Dimensions given are exterior, for width across keyboard, height, and depth.
Dimensions given are for the borderline going around the ad.
Dimensions given are the widest for the track itself, exclusive of scenery.
Dimensions given for all products are approximate.
Dimensions has a long history of leadership in dance education and community outreach.
Dimensions have levels, and all levels are usually shown as columns in each dimension table.
Dimensions have to be set manually because, the header is ignored.
Dimensions have unique names.
Dimensions help make the fact table information meaningful.
Dimensions indicate approximate size within reasonable parameters.
Dimensions indicate live area dimension.
Dimensions is an integral part and the foundation for allowing that goal to be accomplished.
Dimensions is published once a semester.
Dimensions is targeted at the Enterprise.
Dimensions is the size of an image.
Dimensions is three-tier client server, and therefore offers a number of client interfaces.
Dimensions listed are for frame size.
Dimensions listed are minimum cabinet opening measurements necessary for installation and use.
Dimensions listed are of the painting and of the overall dimensions, including the brocade frame.
Dimensions listed are the inside dimensions of the bottom half of the box.
Dimensions listed are without knobs.
Dimensions listed for ads are width by height.
Dimensions listed indicate approximate paper size.
Dimensions listed under each item are for figure only.
Dimensions means length x breadth x height.
Dimensions only goes as deep as the cuboidal structure.
Dimensions range from the high and expansive to more intimate.
Dimensions refer to distinct skills and are listed in individual categories.
Dimensions refer to the actual maps.
Dimensions refer to the size of the box surrounding the text.
Dimensions referenced are on face width and thickness respectively.
Dimensions relate size to each part and overall size.
Dimensions represent the size of the gemstone more accurately than carat weight.
Dimensions represents the dimensionality of the new array .
Dimensions shown are approximate.
Dimensions shown are before tinning and subject to manufacturing tolerances.
Dimensions shown are for N scale.
Dimensions shown are for single wall units.
Dimensions shown are for the outside of the box.
Dimensions shown are in units of millimeters.
Dimensions shown are outside dimensions.
Dimensions shown below are the measurements of one pannier.
Dimensions shown for cylinder escutcheon are consistent for entire range.
Dimensions Specify the exact dimensions of the entire page.
Dimensions Specify the height and width, in pixels, of the image.
Dimensions use equations.
Dimensions vary as required.
Dimensions vary between carriers.
Dimensions vary by model.
Dimensions vary depending on the pressure range.
Dimensions vary in living area, stables, workshop and garage space.
Dimensions vary within the neck shapes for different models.
Dimensions works with a wide variety of platforms.
Dimensions always has practical articles with innovative classroom teaching ideas.
Dimension usually prints a bio of the speakers who do the presentations.
All dimension are in metres.
All dimensions apply to new yachts or replacement of existing equipment.
All dimensions approximate.
All dimensions are above or on the design specifications page.
All dimensions are apporximate acording to scale.
All dimensions are approximate according to scale.
All dimensions are approximate and custom orders are welcome.
All dimensions are approximate and subject to change without notice.
All dimensions are approximate and subject to normal construction variances and tolerances.
All dimensions are approximate in both Metric and Imperial measurements.
All dimensions are approximate.
All dimensions are approxinate.
All dimensions are aproximate acording to scale.
All dimensions are aproximate.
All dimensions are average.
All dimensions are basic.
All dimensions are cms.
All dimensions are diameters, unless otherwise noted, and are approximate.
All dimensions are estimate.
All dimensions are estimates.
All dimensions are external.
All dimensions are for reference only.
All dimensions are for the stitched area of the design and are approximate .
All dimensions are for the stitched area of the design and are approximate.
All dimensions are in centimeters.
All dimensions are in cm.
All dimensions are in feet and inches.
All dimensions are in ft-in.
All dimensions are in inches and are subject to manufacturing tolerances.
All dimensions are in inches and represent the maximum dimensions.
All dimensions are in inches and the result is microhenries.
All dimensions are in inches except as noted.
All dimensions are in inches giving the height, width and depth of the piece respectively.
All dimensions are in inches giving the height, width and depth respectively.
All dimensions are in inches with SI units for nominals given in the supplementary table.
All dimensions are in inches, volume is U.S. gallons.
All dimensions are in inches, weights are in pounds.
All dimensions are in inches.
All Dimensions are in inches.
All Dimensions are in Inches.
All dimensions are in metres.
All dimensions are in metric units.
All dimensions are in micrometers.
All Dimensions are in millimeters unless otherwise noted.
All dimensions are in millimeters.
All Dimensions are in millimeters.
All dimensions are in pixels.
All dimensions are in points.
All dimensions are inside with the foam inserts removed.
All dimensions are internal diameters.
All dimensions are internal minimum in cms.
All dimensions are internal.
All dimensions are live space.
All dimensions are net finish.
All dimensions are nominal values.
All dimensions are nominal, numbers in parenthesis represent millimeters.
All dimensions are nominal.
All Dimensions are nominal.
All dimensions are outside dimensions.
All dimensions are rough measurements taken in the field.
All dimensions are subject to conventional building industry tolerances for field conditions.
All dimensions are while folded.
All dimensions are width x depth.
All dimensions are with standard hardtop unless otherwise noted.
All dimensions below are in inches.
All dimensions given are approximate as each piece is a little different.
All dimensions given are internal.
All dimensions grow at the same rate with shuffle row-major order.
All dimensions indicated are approximate.
All dimensions listed are approximate due to variations in hand crafting.
All dimensions listed are 'Overall' unless otherwise noted.
All dimensions listed below are maximums.
All dimensions look good.
All dimensions provided in product descriptions are close approximations.
All dimensions quoted are approximate inflated sizes.
All dimensions refer to the original, un-transposed input matrices.
All dimensions relate to and affect each other.
All Dimensions Shown are Approximate.
All dimensions shown are nominal dimensions.
All dimensions shown hereon are in feet and decimals thereof.
All dimensions shown in the illustrations are in inches.
Any dimensions are approximate.
Any dimensions given for arrangements are approximations.
Many dimensions come to play.
More dimensions call for more numbers .
More dimensions call for more numbers.
Most dimensions are accurate to a few hundredths of an inch.
Most dimensions contribute to improvement.
Most dimensions use equations.
Some dimensions are rounded up or down slightly.
Some dimensions have fundamental significance.
Some dimensions have significance.
Dimensional analogy is an important tool, when grappling the mysteries of hypercubes and their ilk.
Dimensional analysis is a future area of exploration for the translation of data.
Dimensional analysis is a method of unit conversion.
Dimensional analysis is an essential skill in all quantative science.
Dimensional analysis is introduced.
Dimensional analysis is performed to ensure consistent units are used in the conversion.
Dimensional attributes are quantitative attributes such as duration, and intensity.
Dimensional calculations illustrate complexity.
Most dimensional calculations illustrate complexity.
Dimensional change is insignificant in the direction along the grain.
Dimensional circulation creates energies that penetrate various elements, creating patterns.
Dimensional consistency is key for decreasing internal registration scrap at the board shop.
Dimensional drawings are available here for maintenance reference.
Dimensional inspection follows.
Dimensional lumber comes in a wide variety of sizes.
Dimensional lumber has the greater advantage in realizing thin-kerf savings.
Dimensional lumber supports the roof and frames the doors and windows.
Dimensional lumber varies in thickness by a half inch or more throughout a typical floor.
Dimensional motion problems involve motion.
Dimensional problems involve motion.
Most dimensional problems involve motion.
Dimensional promotions have a lasting impact.
Dimensional properties deal with size and shape, which is also related to quantities.
Dimensional quality is controlled by the technological functions provided in the automation system.
Dimensional reduction is available.
Dimensional roofs are really neat.
Dimensional signage is available in a variety of finishes.
Dimensional stability improves accurate sheet feeding.
Dimensional stability is good.
Dimensional tolerance is a request when bearings are mounted on shafts or in housings.
Dimensional tolerances are dependant upon the overall size of the part and metal thickness.
Dimensional variations account for small changes in size due to manufacturing processes.
Dimensionality affects the material properties.
Dimensionality determines how the input regions are interpreted.
Dimensionality is a property
Dimensionality is one of the most challenging problems in maly scientific areas today.
Dimensionality is set when the axes are set.
Dimensionality is the number of axes which are considered during execution.
Dimensionality refers to the longevity of the exchange or community being engendered.
A dimer is a compound
Dimers react with DNA targets of dyadic symmetry, tetramers with two DNA targets of dyadic symmetry.
All dimeric forms posses similar biologcal activities.
Dimeric ligands define a role for transcriptional activation domains in reinitiation.
Dimethyl mercury is an extremely toxic compound that attacks the central nervous system.
Dimethyl sulfate is a colorless, oily liquid that is slightly soluble in water.
Dimethyl sulfate is chemical compounds.
Dimethyl sulfate is embryotoxic to rats and causes malformations among surviving foetuses.
Dimethyl sulfate is used as a methylating agent in the manufacture of many organic chemicals.
Dimethyl sulfide is the major organic sulfur compound of ecological significance in nature.
Dimethyl sulfide is the simplest thioether .
Dimethyl sulfide is the simplest thioether.
Dimetric views are the third type of axonometric projections.
Dimetrodon isa synapsid.
Dimetrodons have (part) brains.
Dimetrodons have (part) breasts.
Dimetrodons have (part) cell membranes.
Dimetrodons have (part) cells.
Dimetrodons have (part) chest cavities.
Dimetrodons have (part) chests.
Dimetrodons have (part) corpi.
Dimetrodons have (part) cytoplasm.
Dimetrodons have (part) ears.
Dimetrodons have (part) faces.
Dimetrodons have (part) heads.
Dimetrodons have (part) nuclei.
Dimetrodons have (part) pedal extremities.
Dimetrodons have (part) plasma membranes.
Dimetrodons have (part) rib cages.
Dimetrodons have (part) sections.
Dimetrodons have (part) skulls.
Dimetrodons have (part) sterna.
Dimetrodons have (part) vacuoles.
Dimetrodons have (part) vertebrate feet.
Dimetrodons have heads.
Dimetrodons have legs.
Dimetrodons have shape teeth.
Dimetrodons have sharp teeth.
Dimetrodons have skulls.
Dimetrodons have sprawl legs.
Dimetrodons have teeth.
Dimetrodons live during periods.
Most dimetrodons have heads.
Most dimetrodons have legs.
Most dimetrodons have shape teeth.
Most dimetrodons have sharp teeth.
Most dimetrodons have skulls.
Most dimetrodons have sprawl legs.
Most dimetrodons have teeth.
Most dimetrodons live during periods.
Some dimetrodons dig burrows.
Some dimetrodons feed on fish.
Some dimetrodons has-part fangs.
Some dimetrodons have expanses.
Some dimetrodons have flaps.
Some dimetrodons have high inertia.
Some dimetrodons have high thermal inertia.
Some dimetrodons have incisors.
Some dimetrodons have mouths.
Some dimetrodons have sail flaps.
Some dimetrodons have sails.
Some dimetrodons have thermal inertia.
Some dimetrodons have types.
Some dimetrodons live in areas.
Some dimetrodons live in swampy areas.
Diminished balance can lead to falls and injuries.
Diminished diversity puts the functioning of ecosystems at risk.
Diminished esteem is redeemed.
Diminished immigration poses social, legal and demographic dilemmas for Israel.
Diminished investments means diminished economic growth.
Diminished lung sounds ventral to the costochondral junction.
Diminished output is usually a sign that the heat exchanger is beginning to clog.
Diminished perfusion is noted in the anterior, anteroseptal, and anteroapical walls.
Diminished productivity is banned.
Diminished value happens when a vehicle is wrecked or damaged in an accident.
Diminished value is the loss in a vehicle's market value due to accident damage and repair.
Diminution is a physical process
Diminution is to the fundamental line as thriving flesh is to the human skeleton.
Diminutions have the opposite effect.
A diminutive is a word
Diminutives are common in most dialects of English.
DIMM slots are asymmetrical for easier mounting.
DIMM sockets are also easier to deal with.
Dimmable lighting is best but differently switched fluorescent fixtures is acceptable.
Dimmable lighting is best but multi-level switched fluorescent fixtures are acceptable.
Dimmer switches are an excellent option for occasionally varying light intensity needs.
Dimmer switches are very effective lighting tools.
Dimmer switches create ambience and help extend the life of the bulbs.
Dimmer switches expand the lighting range of a single fixture.
Dimmer switches provide control and flexibility.
Dimmer switches work fine.
A dimmer is a variable resistor
Dimmer controls one zone, or area, of light in a RadioRA system.
Dimmer switches and highlow switches are easy ways to save on energy costs.
Dimmers also increase the service life of incandescent lamps significantly.
Dimmers are also practical and convenient in both the bedroom and the bathroom.
Dimmers are by request.
Dimmers are cool.
Dimmers are everywhere.
Dimmers are high rise sensor dimmers.
Dimmers are load independent and provided with overload and surge protection.
Dimmers are switchs.
Dimmers are the primary means used to control the lights' brightness.
Dimmers can dramatically increase the life expectancy of light bulbs and save electricity.
Dimmers come two different ways.
Dimmers do indeed reduce the current or amps flowing to a load.
Dimmers open circuit at lower limit of travel.
Dimmers provide more lighting options and reduce energy costs.
Dimmers reduce the wattage and output of incandescent and fluorescent lamps.
Dimmers take advantage of daylighting.
Dimmers vary the voltage delivered to each light, making it brighter, darker, on, or off.
Most dimmer switches only work with standard incandescent lights so read the package.
Most dimmers come with wire leads though, instead of terminals or screws.
Dimorphic coloration is common in Australian spe-cies.
Dimorphism has types.
Dimorphism isa phenomenon.
Dimorphism provides opportunity.
Most dimorphism has types.
Most dimorphism provides opportunity.
Some dimorphism exists between males and females.
Some dimorphism indicates presence.
Dimorphous leprosy creates skin lesions characteristic of the lepromatous and tuberculoid forms.
Dimorphous minerals are minerals that share the same chemistry, but have different structures.
Dimple depth is measured in thousandths of an inch.
A dimple is an imprint
Dimple is a high society rogue with a gambling problem.
Dimple is still smoking, the smoke curls mixing into the reddish haze of the sunset.
Dimple is still visible because of the darker shading below and to the right.
Dimple rescues all kinds of animals - chickens, goats, cows, bullocks, buffalo.
Dimple sign to differentiate benign from malignant pigmented cutaneous lesions.
Dimples are an autosomal dominant trait.
Dimples are depressions.
Dimples are dominant and homozygous or heterozygous.
Dimples are good on babies and bad on ballots.
Dimples are indentations on punch cards whose chads remain intact.
Dimples are really a 'cute' birth defect.
Dimples is a popular spot.
Dimples make smooth air turbulent.
Dimples make the molecules in the layer tumble.
Dimples poke through from time to time.
Dimples provide the lift needed to get a ball airborne.
Dimpled balls travel up to four times farther than smooth-surfaced golf balls.
Dimpled ballots show an impression next to the name of a presidential candidate, but no clear hole.
Dimpled cabinets allow positive interlocking when stacking multiple units.
Dimpled tubes are also available.
Dimpling are smiling.
Din isa noise.
Diner call goes out and everyone brings the rest of the fixings.
Diner delight is more important than good service because it has a different focus.
Many diner enthusiasts know the basic story.
Most diner grills are now in the kitchen.
Diner guests witness murders ahd take part in solving crime.
Diner prices are a meal, single drink, taxes and tip.
Diner prices are reasonable.
Diner regulars say the place is like a big family.
A diner is carriage
Diner isa eater.
Diners add bean sprouts, Asian mint, hoisin sauce, and hot red-pepper sauce.
Diners add their own fish and chili sauces, garlic pickled in weak vinegar and lime juice.
Diners also can choose from plain naan or naan flavored with spiced cheese or cauliflower.
Diners also can order chicken, steak or salads.
Diners also can purchase fresh seafood from the retail shop inside the restaurant.
Diners also can select from a half-dozen specials each night.
Diners also have the option of asking for their curry to be extra mild or spicy.
Diners also have their choice of boiled potato or french fries.
Diners also serve scrapple, which is essentially a pig chopped, hacked and shaped into a brick.
Diners are a dying breed as it is.
Diners are a thing from our past.
Diners are also fond of the veal tenderloin and free-range chicken, a true rarity in the Carolinas.
Diners are also welcome to take advantage of our courtesy bus.
Diners are always perfect backdrops for cool hot rods and bikes.
Diners are as American as apple pie.
Diners are eaters.
Diners are in the middle of the action between the bar and the kitchen.
Diners are in.
Diners are landmarks.
Diners are located in cities.
Diners are located in diners.
Diners are located in kitchens.
Diners are located in small towns.
Diners are located in towns.
Diners are more attentive to the first wine than the last one.
Diners are pleasantly surprised to find the slightly warm tomatoes hiding under the cheese.
Diners are responsible for getting their own silverware and condiments from the grill counter.
Diners are restaurants.
Diners are sculptures with beautiful lines.
Diners are so out that retro-diners have made a brief but largely unsuccessful comeback.
Diners are sure to find a relaxed, warm welcome.
Diners are unhappy.
Diners are uniquely American.
Diners are used for eating.
Diners are used for eats.
Diners are welcome to double up on meat patties for an added fee.
Diners are welcome to eat until they are satisfied.
Diners are welcome to tour the distinctly individual rooms, if unoccupied, after their meal.
Diners arrive by private boat.
Diners attract a wide spectrum of the local populations, and are generally small businesses .
Diners break off pieces of bread to scoop up the food, some of which is spicy, some mild.
Diners bring their own side dishes, alcoholic beverages and table decor.
Diners can add their favorite spots and discounts by doing the same.
Diners can also choose to conclude with a spirited coffee, a dessert cocktail or a cognac.
Diners can also enjoy a complimentary mountaintop sleigh ride for stargazing.
Diners can also enjoy succulent steaks and a variety of vegetarian options.
Diners can also feast on steak and pasta dishes.
Diners can also help themselves to complimentary loaves of bread and a repository of clothing.
Diners can also substitute a cup of soup for the salad.
Diners can also use the vegetables to dip into the side dishes.
Diners can can sit inside or enjoy the breeze on the covered patio.
Diners can carve the bird themselves at the table, or let the chef do it.
Diners can choose a spice level to suit their palate ranging from mild to fierce.
Diners can choose between four salad and four potato possibilities - both included with entrees.
Diners can choose from an extensive menu of local and international cuisine expertly prepared.
Diners can choose from aperitivos, seafood cocktails, empanados, arepas and entrees.
Diners can choose from either a bistro or a brewpub menu.
Diners can choose from four types of omelets as well.
Diners can choose from seafood, beef, lamb and pork specialties.
Diners can choose from several well-known flavors and cart it away in containers with lids.
Diners can choose to eat at the wooden tables overlooking the marina or at the open bar.
Diners can control their own level of spiciness.
Diners can create a meal of beef, chicken or pork.
Diners can eat at picnic tables in the shady outside dining area which overlooks a stream.
Diners can eat at the few tables near the entrance or have a meal wrapped up to go.
Diners can eat in or at the small outdoor patio.
Diners can eat inside or on a large patio.
Diners can eat outdoors under a canopy, with a garden-like setting to add to the ambiance.
Diners can eat the bite-sized pieces, coated in sauce, with their fingers or utensils.
Diners can eliminate the hassle of calling multiple restaurants or waiting on hold.
Diners can enjoy a spectacular view of Mount Mansfield, Vermont's highest peak.
Diners can enjoy a tantalizing array of menu selections.
Diners can enjoy meals and drinks on the patio at Acapulco restaurant in downtown Santa Rosa.
Diners can enjoy quick bite before the show or dessert and a beverage following the show.
Diners can enjoy the exhibition kitchen with demonstrations before their very eyes.
Diners can enjoy the meal by the fireplace in one of the dining rooms or on the outdoor deck.
Diners can enjoy the music as well as folks who want to just come and listen.
Diners can enjoy their meal beachside under a shade tree.
Diners can enjoy watching the chef prepare their shrimp, lobster, steak or chicken at the table.
Diners can enjoy waterline views of the river through walls of mullioned windows.
Diners can even join in to help create the meal.
Diners can have fresh local green coconuts with their meal.
Diners can hear the high-energy dance music and still carry on a normal conversation at their table.
Diners can mix and match any two main course items and customize a dinner.
Diners can mix generous portions of it thoroughly in their plates to achieve a unique tart flavor.
Diners can observe mastery of the culinary arts in the glass-enclosed kitchen.
Diners can opt for homemade Key lime pie, apple cobbler or ice cream.
Diners can order a full rack of ribs or a half rack.
Diners can order combinations of different dishes to match their appetites and tastes.
Diners can order from the lunch menu during dinner hours.
Diners can order off the menu, serve themselves at the buffet or get food to go.
Diners can order preset appetizer or main-course combinations.
Diners can remove the fibrous leaves after they receive their slice.
Diners can sample anything from venison to mushrooms, berry fruit to crayfish, eels to olives.
Diners can see the air shows, fireworks, whatever is happening.
Diners can select anything from lively taverns to white linen restaurants.
Diners can select either barbecued boneless chicken breast or braised pot roast beef.
Diners can select from a six-page wine list.
Diners can sink their teeth into huge portions of steak, chicken, chops, or lobster.
Diners can sit either inside or outside overlooking the Atlantic Ocean.
Diners can sit in a corner window watching the shoppers.
Diners can sit in massive wooden booths or perch on chairs inside the open patios.
Diners can sit on the front porch and watch the passing scene.
Diners can sit out on the covered porch or in one of several dining areas.
Diners can still tackle huge deep-dish pizzas and live to write about it.
Diners can wait for their parties in comfortable double parlors filled with period furnishings.
Diners can watch craft forum programs while they eat.
Diners can watch food being cooked and smell the simmering sauces from an open kitchen.
Diners can watch student chefs prepare a variety of international menu items.
Diners carry food.
Diners choose from a list of five fish and four sauce possibilities.
Diners choose from a variety of ingredients displayed in a salad-bar type set up.
Diners choose live trout or lobster from our aquarium, or certified angus beef.
Diners choose three.
Diners choose toppings from among caramel, raspberry and other fruits.
Diners choose whatever they require from shared dishes and generally add it to their own rice.
Diners come from a time when spaghetti was seen as daring dining.
Diners come to have a good time, ensuring the room's constant buzz.
Diners consume billions each year throughout the world.
Diners control their own lights, music and fan.
Diners cook the ingredients in hot water on a hot plate placed in the center of the table.
Diners create their own dishes.
Diners discover the wild side of the animal kingdom.
Diners do all their own cooking.
Diners do better to offer more basic brunch fare.
Diners dunk each item to cook it, then slurp the broth afterward.
Diners eat bread.
Diners eating sushi and sashimi believe they have ordered pristine cuisine and can seem quite smug.
Diners enjoy a meal of homemade soups, salads, breads and desert and then take the empty bowl home.
Diners enjoy a range of such scrumptious dishes as duck confit and braised lamb shank.
Diners enjoy a sound view from every table.
Diners enjoy award-winning home cooking and homemade desserts.
Diners enjoy complimentary valet parking.
Diners enjoy delicious food and drink whilst admiring the magnificent panorama.
Diners enjoy pastas, gourmet pizzas, creative salads, and a wide selection of beverages.
Diners enjoy some of the finest Continental American fare offered in New Mexico.
Diners enjoy the country menu and weekend buffets with live music.
Diners enjoy varied selections daily, including lots of fresh fruits and vegetables.
Diners enjoy watching the multitude of hummingbirds feeding and the breathtaking view of Echo Lake.
Diners enter through a trap door in the ceiling.
Diners feast on a menu of chicken, fish, sweet potatoes, cornbread and greens.
Diners fill sidewalk tables, and moviegoers form long lines to enter sold-out shows.
Diners find food.
Diners find the cuisine memorable.
Diners fold their piadine in half.
Diners generally fall into three categories.
Diners get a good view of the kitchen on their way to the rest rooms, also on the second floor.
Diners get their hammers ready.
Diners get up to dance.
Diners go online for the latest New York City restaurant inspection results.
Diners grab a small bowl at the first of two raw ingredient stations.
Diners grab their own menus, napkins, and silverware as they walk in.
Diners have (part) arms.
Diners have (part) body substances.
Diners have (part) cell membranes.
Diners have (part) cells.
Diners have (part) corpi.
Diners have (part) cytoplasm.
Diners have (part) heads.
Diners have (part) human bodies.
Diners have (part) legs.
Diners have (part) material bodies.
Diners have (part) necks.
Diners have (part) nuclei.
Diners have (part) personality.
Diners have (part) plasma membranes.
Diners have (part) sections.
Diners have (part) vacuoles.
Diners have a choice as to how they want the meat of the duck to be prepared.
Diners have a choice of a wide selection of Mexican secialties and indoor or outdoor seating.
Diners have a choice of meat, cheese and a spread.
Diners have a lot to look at.
Diners have permission to salivate in advance.
Diners have plenty of choices on where to go.
Diners have the same view.
Diners help themselves to fish and shellfish on individual plates.
Diners indicate what they want.
Diners know with the first whiff of garlic and ginger that something unusual is happening.
Diners learn about miners as they eat.
Diners line up along the counter, cafeteria-style, and place their orders.
Diners load up their plates like there's no tomorrow, but some of the stuff is barely edible.
Diners look and sound as if they are in their own home.
Diners look like they're relaxed, happy, and yes, having fun.
Diners look out onto the pool and a stunning vertical water wall.
Diners now lounge at sidewalk cafes watching the people go by.
Diners now occupy booths once used by bank customers to inspect their safety deposit boxes.
Diners offer breakfasts.
Diners open their pouches at the table, releasing a delicious aroma.
Diners order food at a counter, and friendly servers bring it to the table.
Diners pass the wood-burning oven as they enter the cozy bistro.
Diners perch on tall stools around elevated lacquered tables.
Diners pick their fish out of one of several tanks.
Diners place their orders at one counter and pay their bill at another.
Diners pledge their friendship as they sip from spouts on the top of the cup.
Diners prefer habits.
Diners punch a card into a time clock at the start and end of the meal.
Diners purchase tickets that also can be used for souvenirs and children's activities.
Diners receive a card when they are seated.
Diners receive a certain number of miles for each dollar they spend at participating restaurants.
Diners receive a flowering orchid and a six-course meal.
Diners receive large, thirsty napkins at the start of the meal and hot washcloths with the check.
Diners relish the choices and feel comfortable ordering salad as entr e minus a strip of protein.
Diners represent competition for moderately priced chains and family-style restaurants.
Diners savour the ritual almost as much as the flavour.
Diners seat themselves.
Diners select from a display case rather than a menu.
Diners select from different versions, such as asparagus and chicken breast.
Diners sigh in disgust.
Diners simply point to the item they want, which is served on small plates or in baskets.
Diners simply take their seats on the zebra-striped chairs, and the movable feast begins.
Diners sit at tiled tables.
Diners sit at wooden pews and eat on white-linen tables.
Diners sit biergarten-style at long tables that all feature a great view of the festivities.
Diners sit in half-round banquettes.
Diners sit in view of colorful wall hangings on exposed brick as well as the industrious kitchen.
Diners sit on the floor barefoot.
Diners sit on the rugs and share food and conversation.
Diners sit round a table which has a soup tureen in the middle of the table.
Diners slump over their eggs or miso soup, talking in hushed tones.
Diners specialize in making fried eggs for unloved people.
Diners spoon out and eat monkey brain.
Diners squeeze lemon and add powdered chile to spice the broth as they like it.
Diners squeeze lemon or lime juice to taste.
Diners still exist.
Diners sway in their seats, matching tempos with the movement of fork to mouth.
Diners take five-finger discount People steal from restaurants.
Diners take more soup and more bread and aioli and carry on.
Diners tear off pieces of the dumpling to eat the stew of turkey, greens and ground melon seeds.
Diners tear pieces of the injera and scoop up the vegetable or meat.
Diners then choose a table and fill their own, refillable drink cups.
Diners there love the gourmet pizzas as well as the pasta dishes.
Diners use flat bread to scoop up meat or vegetarian dishes.
Diners use long forks to dunk cubes of chewy French bread into the molten cheese.
Diners use the salt cellar's tiny spoon to sprinkle the sparkling crystals onto their food.
Diners use their creative talents to design their own dessert.
Diners use their hands to eat.
Diners value the imaginative cuisine more than chili in front of the TV set.
Diners vote and review.
Diners wait for a table on low barstools facing the mouthwatering tapas display.
Diners wait in line to place their orders at a counter.
Diners often are open late, or around the clock.
Diners often are restaurants modeled after, or made from old train cars.
All diners get a few bite-size teasers.
Every diner has a metal bowl of rice and shares all the dishes.
Every diner is interested in keeping the tortillas hot until the end of the meal.
Many diners are open all day and coffee shops often open early in the morning.
Many diners eat every last morsel, literally from head to toe.
Many diners have transparent display cases in or behind the counter for the desserts .
Many diners seem to be unfamiliar with Japanese food, but interested in trying it.
Many diners seem to think dropping their cigarette butts on the footpath is quite acceptable.
Many diners serve hand-blended milkshakes .
Many diners swear by the fried seafood here, but there's also steamed and broiled to enjoy.
Many diners tout home-cooked meals.
Most diners are regulars.
Most diners carry food.
Most diners eat bread.
Most diners find food.
Most diners have neon in their signs.
Most diners offer breakfasts.
Most diners order the broiled or fried platters.
Most diners prefer habits.
Most diners seems to be regulars.
Most diners simply prefer matches that seem fair, equitable, equally respectful of both components.
Most diners welcome free placemats.
Some diners add levels.
Some diners are open all day and coffee shops often open early in the morning.
Some diners are polished and well preserved.
Some diners carry in coolers that are stocked with beer, wine or whiskey sours.
Some diners change choices.
Some diners change food choices.
Some diners don t want giant meals at restaurants.
Some diners eat crabs.
Some diners eat oysters.
Some diners experience sales.
Some diners make choices.
Some diners make own choices.
Some diners repeat the ritual several times.
Some diners sit on floors.
Some diners thoroughly peruse the menu, hem and haw and order something fatty, anyway.
Some diners use oil.
Some diners use olive oil.
All ding bats is free.
Ding dong ding a ling ding.
A ding is a defect
Ding loves to stretch out on the floor and relax.
Ding ware in the next case conveys intrinsic elegance from shapes alone.
Dings are harmless if repaired in a timely matter.
Dings are sound.
Dings become small dents.
Dings require extra mudding and finishing work.
A dingbat is a person
Dingbats also add visual impact to a publication.
Dingbats are fonts.
Dingbats are low priced, easy to access and versatile.
Dingbats are simpletons.
Dingbats can be a useful tool for prompting creativity and reducing creation time.
Dingbats can be fun - great to spice up a document with little pictures.
A dinge is a sanitary condition
Dinges sees a more pessimistic view in the pre-millennial approach.
A dinghy is a small boat
Dinghies are double-handed and each helmsman tends to be independent.
Dinghies are rowboats.
Dinghies are small boats.
Dinghies have (part) anchors.
Dinghies have (part) bases.
Dinghies have (part) hulls.
Dinghies have (part) ribs.
Dinghies have (part) rider plates.
Dinghies have (part) rudder blades.
Dinghies have (part) sections.
Dinghy ashore play on a sandy beach, walk nature trails, see deer.
Dinghy dock to the left of the main pier.
Dinghy exploring sheltered bays, fishing, clamming, and crabbing are other enjoyable pastimes.
Dinghy hire and sailing instruction is available.
Dinghy isa boat.
Dinghy rides to island, walking, swimming and exploring.
Most dinghies actually measure the distance from the mast tip to some fixed point aft.
Some dinghies are easier than others.
Some dinghies are rowboats.
Some dinghys are rowboats.
Dingle Bay is on the south side.
A dingle is a hollow
Dingle strides out to midcourt and smiles.
Dingle works with all mediums, with photography and painting as well as sculpture and installation.
Some dingo attacks involve tourism.
Some dingo trappers gain prestige.
A dingo is a wild dog
Dingo isa mammal.
Dingoes also live in pairs, families, and groups.
Dingoes also produce bark-howls, which are agitated calls made when the animals are alarmed.
Dingoes are carnivores and have a very varied diet ranging from insects to water buffalo.
Dingoes are considered to be legendary Australian wild dogs.
Dingoes are covered with yellowish brown hair.
Dingoes are far more flexible in limb and hip movement than dogs.
Dingoes are free-roaming wild dogs native to the continent of Australia.
Dingoes are highly flexible with the ability to rotate their wrists and subluxate their hips.
Dingoes are highly individualistic animals, each with their own personality and tendencies.
Dingoes are intelligent animals.
Dingoes are known to go for the throat when they are able.
Dingoes are naturally lean, with large ears permanently pricked and tails marked with a white tip.
Dingoes are opportunistic carnivores and as such have a broad diet.
Dingoes are opportunistic carnivores.
Dingoes are pack animals.
Dingoes are part of Australian wildlife and act as the top predator.
Dingoes are present everywhere in Australia except Tasmania and most small islands.
Dingoes are the largest land-dwelling carnivores in Australia.
Dingoes are the native Australian dog.
Dingoes are threatened by persecution, habitat loss and wild domestic dogs.
Dingoes are very rare outside Australia.
Dingoes can interbreed with domestic dogs.
Dingoes can make perfect pets, being really intelligent, too.
Dingoes eat almost anything like insects, rodents, carrion, or vegetables.
Dingoes eat mostly mammals, though reptiles, birds, invertebrates and seeds are consumed as well.
Dingoes generally eat small native mammals, introduced feral animals and some domestic animals.
Dingoes have a broad diet including fresh meat, fish, eggs and carrion.
Dingoes have a different breeding population Control system.
Dingoes have a strict social hierarchy and regularly mate for life.
Dingoes have also have a sandy-ginger to coat to blend in with their surroundings.
Dingoes have enough of an image problem as it is.
Dingoes have larger canine teeth than domestic dogs.
Dingoes have much larger canine teeth than dogs.
Dingoes have no natural health issues and are immune to paralysis ticks.
Dingoes have to be viewed as crocodiles are in the Northern Territory, as lions are in Africa.
Dingoes have unique wrists in the canine world, capable of rotatation.
Dingoes have very agile wrists which are capable of rotation.
Dingoes have white markings on their feet, tail tip and chest.
Dingoes live also in the very dry part of Australia most of their time.
Dingoes live in dens in caves and under cliff overhangs.
Dingoes live in packs, and each pack typically has two to three dominant pairs.
Dingoes live in the dry Australian outback.
Dingoes live to five or six years of age in the wild and fifteen years in captivity.
Dingoes produce several types of vocalisations.
Dingoes try to kill the emu by attacking the head.
Dingoes vary in colour having reddish brown, black or sandy coloured coats and white chests.
Dingos are a medium-sized dog.
Dingos are able to tolerate hot climates.
Dingos are an important food source for some people in Asia.
Dingos are animals.
Dingos are descended from dogs.
Dingos are descended from domestic dogs.
Dingos are dogs.
Dingos are from the same species as dogs, and breed the same.
Dingos are known to be excellent at climbing trees.
Dingos are mammals.
Dingos are opportunistic predators and hunt small prey alone.
Dingos are protected in national parks and reserves .
Dingos are protected in national parks and reserves.
Dingos are similar to domestic dogs .
Dingos are similar to domestic dogs.
Dingos are the primary mammalian carnivore in Australia.
Dingos are usually shy retiring creatures.
Dingos are wild canines that are the largest land predator in Australia.
Dingos are wild dogs.
Dingos are wild dogs.
Dingos attack animals.
Dingos eat organisms.
Dingos eat prey.
Dingos have (part) brains.
Dingos have (part) breasts.
Dingos have (part) cell membranes.
Dingos have (part) cells.
Dingos have (part) chest cavities.
Dingos have (part) chests.
Dingos have (part) corpi.
Dingos have (part) cytoplasm.
Dingos have (part) ears.
Dingos have (part) faces.
Dingos have (part) heads.
Dingos have (part) nuclei.
Dingos have (part) pads.
Dingos have (part) paws.
Dingos have (part) piluses.
Dingos have (part) plasma membranes.
Dingos have (part) rib cages.
Dingos have (part) sections.
Dingos have (part) skulls.
Dingos have (part) sterna.
Dingos have (part) vacuoles.
Dingos have a call resembling a howl or yelp rather than a bark.
Dingos have appearances.
Dingos have behavior.
Dingos have eyes.
Dingos have faces.
Dingos have foreheads.
Dingos have heads.
Dingos have instinct.
Dingos have mass.
Dingos have origins.
Dingos have snouts.
Dingos have strategies.
Dingos have strong instinct.
Dingos hear sound.
Dingos hunt in packs.
Dingos interbreed with domestic dogs and produce hybrids.
Dingos kill sheep.
Dingos live for years.
Dingos live in areas.
Dingos live in neighbor areas.
Dingos live in urban areas.
Dingos live in well-defined groups and roam all of Australia except in Tasmania.
Dingos live on food.
Dingos live throughout western and central Australia.
Dingos look like dogs.
Dingos mate for life and are also sometimes seen mourning themselves to death after a partner dies.
Dingos prey on animals.
Dingos prey on livestock.
Dingos produce one litter of pups per year.
Dingos seek out food sources.
Dingos seek out sheep.
Dingos seek out sources.
Dingos survive in different habitats.
Dingos survive in habitats.
Dingos take routes.
Dingos take travel routes.
Dingos use ears.
Dingoes often attack sheep from behind as they run away, resulting in injury to the hind legs.
All dingoes are a menace actually.
Most dingos are descended from dogs.
Most dingos are descended from domestic dogs.
Most dingos are usually a reddish-orange color.
Most dingos eat organisms.
Most dingos eat prey.
Most dingos have appearances.
Most dingos have behavior.
Most dingos have eyes.
Most dingos have foreheads.
Most dingos have heads.
Most dingos have instinct.
Most dingos have mass.
Most dingos have origins.
Most Dingos have short, yellowish-tan fur, but it can vary from black to cream colored.
Most dingos have snouts.
Most dingos have strategies.
Most dingos have strong instinct.
Most dingos hear sound.
Most dingos kill sheep.
Most dingos live for years.
Most dingos live in areas.
Most dingos live in neighbor areas.
Most dingos live in urban areas.
Most dingos live on food.
Most dingos look like dogs.
Most dingos seek out food sources.
Most dingos seek out sheep.
Most dingos seek out sources.
Most dingos survive in different habitats.
Most dingos survive in habitats.
Most dingos take routes.
Most dingos take travel routes.
Most dingos use ears.
Some dingos approach dogs.
Some dingos approach dominant dogs.
Some dingos approach humans.
Some dingos are descended from wolves.
Some dingos attack boys.
Some dingos become major predators.
Some dingos become predators.
Some dingos become problems.
Some dingos belong to families.
Some dingos cause death.
Some dingos create holes.
Some dingos defend territory.
Some dingos display dangerous behavior.
Some dingos eat babies.
Some dingos eat humans.
Some dingos eat rats.
Some dingos eat reptiles.
Some dingos enter tents.
Some dingos face extinction.
Some dingos face possible extinction.
Some dingos have chances.
Some dingos have characteristics.
Some dingos have families.
Some dingos have flexible social structures.
Some dingos have flexible structures.
Some dingos have humans.
Some dingos have impact.
Some dingos have physical characteristics.
Some dingos have roles.
Some dingos have significant impact.
Some dingos have social structures.
Some dingos have structures.
Some dingos live in holes.
Some dingos prey upon wombats.
Some dingos produce offspring.
Some dingos reach ages.
Some dingos receive protection.
Some dingos show interest.
Some dingos take places.
Some dingos use lungs.
Some dingos watch prey.
Dingy sailing is very popular.
Most dining halls prepare beef stroganoff once every five weeks.
Most dining programs do require a reservation a day ahead of time though.
A dining room is a room
Dining room boasts a beautiful fireplace.
Dining room Contains an unusually large complete antique dining room set.
Dining room features beautiful wood flooring.
Dining room features exquisite furniture and artwork.
Dining room has a bay window.
Dining room has a lovely bay window and cozy fireplace.
Dining room has a window seat built in with storage underneath.
Dining room has beautiful frescoes and portraits.
Dining room has columns.
Dining room has doors to private patio and a door connection the granny flat.
Dining room has gas fireplace and views of mountains.
Dining room has large built-in buffet.
Dining room has large table with six chairs.
Dining room has ornate plasterwork ceiling.
Dining room has wrap-around windows for marvelous views.
Dining room invites family gatherings.
Dining room is accessible to disabled, but restrooms are downstairs.
Dining room is closed.
Dining room is cozy, casual and small with red-checkered tablecloths.
Dining room is currently accessible.
Dining room is furnished with antiques with collections of china.
Dining room is graced by decorative pillar columns.
Dining room is light and bright.
Dining room is newly wallpapered with hardwood floors and sliding door to back yard.
Dining room is non-smoking and wheelchair accessible.
Dining room is non-smoking.
Dining room is open to the living room and kitchen.
Dining room is open to the public.
Dining room is separate.
Dining room is separated by antique French doors and has surface counter tops and pantry.
Dining room leads to sun porch.
Dining room looks out to private back year, and patio for barbecuing.
Dining room offers exquisite nouvelle Cantonese cuisine.
Dining room opens into the living room.
Dining room opens through French doors to a deck and stone patio with outdoor table and chairs.
Dining room opens to a screened porch.
Dining room opens to covered deck area through patio doors.
Dining room overlooks backyard patio.
Dining room overlooks Fox River.
Dining room overlooks living room with fireplace.
Dining room overlooks the Potomac River.
Dining room serves a variety of seasonal menu.
Dining room serves breakfast and dinner only.
Dining room serves buffet meals.
Dining room serves traditional cuisine.
Dining room specializes in prime rib.
Dining room tends to be very noisy.
Dining rooms are all available for private banquets and other functions.
Dining rooms are always low-key and service is very friendly and professional.
Dining rooms are available at each lodging site.
Dining rooms are dining rooms.
Dining rooms are great if they are always used.
Dining rooms are located in homes.
Dining rooms are located in mansions.
Dining rooms are located in restaurants.
Dining rooms are part of dwellings.
Dining rooms are rare and if found are often shared with berths installed along the walls.
Dining rooms are rooms.
Dining rooms are show-off rooms or areas that have become a huge statement in new homes.
Dining rooms are sunny and offer a personal touch.
Dining rooms are used for eating.
Dining rooms are used for eats.
Dining rooms are used for family meals.
Dining rooms have tables.
Dining rooms resemble a New Orleans garden room, a French bistro and a small cafe.
All dining room wait staff are performers.
All dining rooms are open to students with meal plans.
Many dining rooms are now totally smoke-free, and at least one ship bars smoking altogether.
A dink is a return
Dink fights an old enemy.
Dink goes off to fight and returns in disgrace.
Dink is sent to investigate and An Adventure through time begins.
Dink is sent to investigate mysterious earthquakes in the North.
Dink is still a child.
Dink loves to read.
Dink saves the people of a small village.
Dink visits a strange city.
Dink visits the slaughterhouse.
Dinks are available to members who arrive very early or return late.
Dinks are couples.
Dinka life revolves around cattle, which provide milk for children and the elderly.
A dinner dress is a gown
Dinner dress is casual.
A dinner jacket is a dress
Dinner jackets are de rigeur for male guests at the evening screenings and subsequent bashes.
Dinner meals include plants.
Dinner music is a standard part of our service.
Dinner music is also a plus.
A dinner party is a party
Dinner parties are a breeze.
Dinner parties are hard, especially if the plate is served by the host or hostess.
Dinner parties are socials.
Some dinner parties are more memorable than others.
A dinner plate is a plate
Dinner plates come with two side orders and two corn fritters.
Dinner plates hang on every spare inch of the walls.
Dinner rolls are fresh from the oven.
Dinner Rolls Avoid the last minute rush.
Dinner Rolls Sign up f or weekly easter and site online updates.
A dinner service is a table service
Dinner service is pretty good, but brunch service is heinously off-kilter.
Dinner services are available with advanced reservations.
Dinner shows require an additional charge.
A dinner theater is a theatre
Dinner theater packages.
Dinner theater performances the remaining weekends each month.
Dinner theater seeks three men and two women.
Dinner theater tends to be the place many beginners get their start.
Dinner theaters are the same aberration as drive-in movies.
Dinner theaters are theaters.
Dinner theaters represent the fastest growing area of theatrical employment in the country.
A dinner theatre is a theatre
Dinner theatre is a type of play where actors act out, for example, a murder scene.
Dinner theatre packages.
Dinner time becomes chaotic and the child has extreme difficulty falling asleep at bedtime.
Dinner time brings out the steak, fish, and other more involved menu items.
Dinner time can be a wait sometime but well worth it.
Dinner time is also a great social event.
Dinner time is busy for the children, who have only been home from school for a short time.
Dinner time is fun with the green jello and green kool-aide.
Dinner time is generally a good time to visit and talk with current members.
Dinner time is one of the most popular events on our river trips.
Dinner time is relaxed, so dress casually, and eat well in our cozy, comfy dining room.
Dinner time is served buffet style or family style.
Dinner times range from the early evening till late at night, and nearly always involve the family.
Dinner times vary according to day of week, season, and whether it's a holiday.
Dinner times vary depending on the passenger loads.
Dinner trains are also available on special occasions.
Dinner afterwards is back in the action.
Dinner afterwards is optional.
Dinner appear along no grandfather unless try cheryl blossom.
Dinner appear along no grandfather unless try petersens fishing.
Dinner arrangements to be announced at a later date.
Dinner arrangements to be determined.
Dinner ashore is additional.
Dinner attracts more people from the surrounding area.
Dinner be off most permission and reply sports magazine.
Dinner begins auspiciously with three kinds of Indian-style bread.
Dinner begins on a generous note with a basket of crusty bread and a small crock of liver pate.
Dinner begins with a classic caesar salad.
Dinner begins with a tall basket of warm rolls, crispy flatbread, and hearty multigrain breads.
Dinner begins with fresh baked breads and a relish tray.
Dinner begins with soup in attractive soup plates.
Dinner bleed Competition to all costs until an prices.
Dinner books up fast on weekends, thanks to the musicians in the bar.
Dinner brings about new challenges.
Dinner brings choices.
Dinner brings fried catfish nuggets, crawfish pie, and turtle soup.
Dinner brings our next worry.
Dinner buffet with shrimp, salads, pasta, prime rib, vegetables, and desserts.
Dinner Buffets All entrees include appropriate condiments.
Dinner can be a delight as well with numerous fine restaurants within a short drive.
Dinner can be a lighter fare, as a consequence.
Dinner can be as simple to fix as lunch and still be a full nutritious meal.
Dinner can be at individual homes, or, if the group desires, at a restaurant of their choosing.
Dinner can be on-site or at a nearby restaurant.
Dinner can be ready in five minutes.
Dinner can be something simple like a sandwich or wholegrain cereal.
Dinner can be very pleasant.
Dinner can provide a civilized break, and some order, in a newly chaotic world.
Dinner can wait.
Dinner changes nightly.
Dinner cheat A brilliant dinner for two made easy.
Dinner check at a restaurant.
Dinner Check out one small dining group.
Dinner Come in for dinner and experience the best cuisine that Asia has to offer.
Dinner comes - roleplayed from start to finish without breaking character.
Dinner comes and goes.
Dinner comes later.
Dinner comes so late in the day they pass out from eating it.
Dinner comes with a choice of large juice or soda.
Dinner comes with a lovely sunset view out over the greens.
Dinner comes with a salad, and the prices are budget-oriented.
Dinner comes with basmati rice.
Dinner comes with biscuits, green salad and baked potato.
Dinner comes with tons of meat and potatoes.
Dinner comes, and comes, and never seems to stop.
Dinner consists of a selection from several appetizers, soups, salads, entrees, and deserts.
Dinner consists of a simple, calorie-rich stew.
Dinner consists of a thick, fatty stew of game meat and rice or potatoes.
Dinner consists of a three course meal with a choice of main course.
Dinner consists of a worthy guest speaker and much of the best food and wine there is to offer.
Dinner consists of an appetizer of tortellini and large shrimp.
Dinner consists of as much food as one can possibly eat in five minutes.
Dinner consists of bread, butter, potatoes, a little bacon, with milk or broth.
Dinner consists of dinner.
Dinner consists of freeze dinner.
Dinner consists of lean meat.
Dinner consists of main course, sweets and tea or coffee.
Dinner consists of meat.
Dinner consists of three components.
Dinner consists of two types of pasta, meatballs, sauce, tossed salad, rolls, desserts and coffee.
Dinner costs an arm and a leg.
Dinner costs more, with seafood and beef entrees, and key lime desserts to top off the meal.
Dinner cruises along the coast.
Dinner cruises available on certain evenings.
Dinner Cruises Sun.-Fri.
Dinner dates, contacts, evenings out and business functions.
Dinner details to be confirmed and announced in a future mailing.
Dinner discounts at local restaurants.
Dinner ends with a flourish.
Dinner ends with fruit salad and sponge cake.
Dinner ends with the all-American fortune cookie.
Dinner ends with wine for adults only.
Dinner entrees only.
Dinner excludes alcoholic beverage and gratuity.
Dinner favorites . . .
Dinner feature the chef's choice creations with wines included.
Dinner features all the available options from lunch, plus some additional hot meal options.
Dinner features carved roast beef nightly.
Dinner features fine wines and six-course dinner prepared by Vermont's foremost chefs.
Dinner features highland delicacies including traditional haggis.
Dinner features nightly specials which often run out early.
Dinner features plenty of fresh fish entrees, meats, poultry, pastas and specials nightly.
Dinner features prime rib or vegetarian lasagna.
Dinner features rotisserie meats and stir-fry noodle specialties.
Dinner features soup, salad, prime rib, chicken, tuna, pork chop, salmon, and steak.
Dinner features steaks, seafood, pastas, nightly specials, fine wines and cigars.
Dinner features strip steak to a wide variety of fresh fish.
Dinner finally Balance declare either cottage inside a various snow mobile parks.
Dinner focuses on fine steaks, chops and seafood.
Dinner Following drinks under the star, there is a three-course dinner each night.
Dinner follows aboard.
Dinner follows an aperitif at the chateau for the final evening.
Dinner follows at a local restaurant.
Dinner follows at a nearby restaurant.
Dinner follows at the hotel.
Dinner follows at the local Inn.
Dinner follows either at the Inn or a superior local restaurant.
Dinner follows event.
Dinner follows in a specially chosen New York restaurant.
Dinner follows the presentation.
Dinner get together, night to be determined.
Dinner goes a little faster.
Dinner has (part) bread.
Dinner has (part) helpings.
Dinner has (part) sandwiches.
Dinner has (part) sauces.
Dinner has (part) servings.
Dinner has (part) side dishes.
Dinner has (part) side order.
Dinner has too many possible expectations attached to it.
Dinner has wide selections of pastas, local fishes, ribs, chops and steaks.
Dinner here demands patience and congenial company.
Dinner here is bliss.
Dinner here is something of an event.
Dinner here is very unique.
Dinner here sticks to the ribs.
Dinner includes a bottle of wine and four courses.
Dinner includes a choice of a green salad or minestrone, and for goodness' sake, take the soup.
Dinner includes a choice of entree with fresh vegetables and homemade breads and desserts.
Dinner includes a greater selection of entrees.
Dinner includes a hot traditional Home Cooked Southern style meal or wild game.
Dinner includes a relish tray and soup or salad.
Dinner includes a show with yodeling and Austrian folk dancing.
Dinner includes a starch and a salad or soup.
Dinner includes appetizer, choice of soup or salad, choice of delicious entrees, dessert and coffee.
Dinner includes appetizers, chelo kabob, chelo khoresh, polo and more.
Dinner includes appetizers, main course, desserts, Texas ice tea and cash bar.
Dinner includes baking potato, rolls, green salad and choice of dressing.
Dinner includes BBQ beef, beans, potato, applesauce, biscuit and spice cake.
Dinner includes BBQ beef, chicken, corn, salads, beans and cobbler.
Dinner includes beans, a variety of corn dishes, corn breads, desserts, coffee and tea.
Dinner includes beans, cornbread, coleslaw, cobbler and a drink.
Dinner includes bread, soup, salad, drinks, and dessert.
Dinner includes chicken, potato, salad, challah and kiddush wine.
Dinner includes choice of main course, dessert, soft drink, and coffee.
Dinner includes choice of soups and complimentary desserts.
Dinner includes creole and seafood.
Dinner includes fine pastas, roasts, seafood, organic salads, tortes and cakes.
Dinner includes fresh lobster, fresh fish or BBQ meat choices off the grill.
Dinner includes fresh seafood, steaks, ribs and chicken.
Dinner includes ham, turkey, flank steak, vegetables, salads and more.
Dinner includes main courses with waiter service and cocktails.
Dinner includes open menu from our restaurant .
Dinner includes pasta, bread, salad, dessert and beverage.
Dinner includes pasta, salad, bread, dessert and beverages.
Dinner includes phenomenal steaks from Midwestern corn-fed beef and the freshest seafood available.
Dinner includes pizza, pasta, hot dogs, hamburgers, meatball subs and a host of Italian desserts.
Dinner includes prime rib, chicken, and fresh catch of the day.
Dinner includes scrollware and stainless steel flatware.
Dinner includes soup and salad, choice of two entrees, potato, vegetable, dessert and beverage.
Dinner includes soup or salad, seasoned vegetables and baked potato.
Dinner includes soup, salad, entr e, side dish, coffee, dessert.
Dinner includes soup, salad, homebaked bread, potato or rice, coffee and dessert.
Dinner includes soup, salad, potato, coffee and dessert, tax and gratuity.
Dinner includes spaghetti and meatballs, tossed salad, Italian bread, beverage and dessert.
Dinner includes spaghetti, roll, vegetable, and beverage.
Dinner includes spaghetti, salad, beverage, garlic bread and dessert.
Dinner includes spaghetti, salad, breadsticks, and beverage.
Dinner includes tapas, burritos, tacos, antojitos and more.
Dinner includes taxes and gratuity.
Dinner includes the basket of bread and either soup or salad.
Dinner includes three courses with wine, coffee and tea.
Dinner includes two glasses of wine.
Dinner includes two meat entrees, an array of vegetables, salads, and dessert.
Dinner includes vegetables.
Dinner includes wine selections to complement the meal.
Dinner Indicates meals included each day.
Dinner inform Cruelty with either weather at one niece.
Dinner invites, already ample, seem to be on the upswing.
Dinner is a bit different.
Dinner is a buffet with a variety of selections including coffee and dessert.
Dinner is a casual affair.
Dinner is a casually elegant affair, served in the glow of candlelight.
Dinner is a chicken burrito.
Dinner is a choice of six meals with a vegetarian option, salad bar, and dessert.
Dinner is a delightful array of seafood and caribbean specialties.
Dinner is a delightful array of seafood and Caribbean specialties.
Dinner is a delightful time.
Dinner is a distant dream.
Dinner is a feast, with all members coming together.
Dinner is a formal affair served on white linen at the edge of the delta.
Dinner is a full-course meal, and a vegetarian option is always available.
Dinner is a gastronomic delight.
Dinner is a good time to reconnect with the family.
Dinner is a grand affair.
Dinner is a great time to reflect on the days activities and possibly meet new friends.
Dinner is a group affair and one of the highlights of every day.
Dinner is a hot meal prepared on a wood fire.
Dinner is a jollier affair than yesterday.
Dinner is a la carte and breakfasts are served.
Dinner is a la carte with a different menu every night and assigned seating.
Dinner is a la carte.
Dinner is a large buffet.
Dinner is a late night affair.
Dinner is a little earlier than usual.
Dinner is a local feast and also included.
Dinner is a meal
Dinner is a meat course, cooked vegetable, potato or rice, rolls, salad, and pie or cake.
Dinner is a more formal three course meal.
Dinner is a more formal three-course meal.
Dinner is a party, with music and conversation.
Dinner is a piece of chocolate.
Dinner is a potpourri of international and American dishes.
Dinner is a range of French cuisine with entrees that can reach up to thirty dollars.
Dinner is a rat-shaped flare gliding through a thick gray fog.
Dinner is a relentless duty, even for the willing and creative.
Dinner is a set meal served in the hotel restaurant.
Dinner is a set three course menu, and special dietary needs can be catered for.
Dinner is a shared project.
Dinner is a simple affair.
Dinner is a singing, dancing extravaganza.
Dinner is a sit down affair with a set menu.
Dinner is a sit down meal with choice of entree.
Dinner is a six-pack and a bratwurst at the bowling alley.
Dinner is a sizeable portion of carefully prepared meat and some nice vegetables.
Dinner is a smaller version of lunch.
Dinner is a social occasion, with dancing in many restaurants.
Dinner is a soup, followed by ground beef over noodles or a chicked leg over rice.
Dinner is a steak cookout in front of the Lodge.
Dinner is a surprise tonight.
Dinner is a Table d'hote menu with four choices - one is a vegetarian option.
Dinner is a taste of the golden age of cruising.
Dinner is a transition from the workday.
Dinner is a very chaotic affair.
Dinner is a very special event taken in a reed enclosed 'boma' around a camp fire.
Dinner is about ready.
Dinner is about to be served.
Dinner is accompanied by Andean music.
Dinner is accompanied by company presentations by class members.
Dinner is accompanied by either our resident pianist or by the beautiful sound of the harp.
Dinner is accompanied by fresh baked goods, salads, and wine.
Dinner is accompanied by piano music.
Dinner is again at one of the participating restaurants.
Dinner is again good.
Dinner is almost ready.
Dinner is also a comida.
Dinner is also available at the Inn on special notice.
Dinner is also available by arrangement.
Dinner is also available by request at time of reservation for less than six people.
Dinner is also available either with the family or gourmet style.
Dinner is also available in the theater.
Dinner is also available in the theatre.
Dinner is also available locally.
Dinner is also available or some guests can self-cater.
Dinner is also available, extra charge.
Dinner is also available, using organic produce and locally caught fish in season.
Dinner is also available, with an expanded menu, during the winter season.
Dinner is also available.
Dinner is always a celebration.
Dinner is always a challenge for the soccer mom or dad.
Dinner is always a theatrical event here, with lots of Chinese specialties.
Dinner is always an event.
Dinner is always free of charge for sincerely interested first time guests.
Dinner is always frustrating when the menu items seem tiresome.
Dinner is always on time.
Dinner is always shared.
Dinner is always the first thought, but why.
Dinner is an Alaskan feast at a festive Salmon Bake.
Dinner is an appropriate expense for grant funds.
Dinner is an elegant affair, with gorgeous, artistic presentations composed on enormous plates.
Dinner is an experience guaranteed to excite the gourmet and delight the casual dinner.
Dinner is an important social aspect of a summer vacation experience at the lodge.
Dinner is an opportunity for family conversation and interaction.
Dinner is an unlimited Italian buffet.
Dinner is announced and the guest leave.
Dinner is announced and the guests go off to the adjoining dining room.
Dinner is announced, preventing a quarrel, and the guests move into the dining room.
Dinner is another important meal.
Dinner is another story.
Dinner is another unqualified success.
Dinner is any meat and veg.
Dinner is at a local restaurant.
Dinner is at a nice country restaurant.
Dinner is at a restaurant specializing in Andean food and music.
Dinner is at an ancient outdoor Bedouin encampment.
Dinner is at an end once again.
Dinner is at individual expense.
Dinner is at midday and the evening meal is known as tea.
Dinner is at one o'clock.
Dinner is at one's own expense.
Dinner is at our hotel.
Dinner is at own expense.
Dinner is at seven.
Dinner is at six thirty, and breakfast is at dawn.
Dinner is at six.
Dinner is at the hotel tonight.
Dinner is at the hotel upon arrival.
Dinner is at the hotel.
Dinner is at the pavillion across from the pro shop once all golfers are finished.
Dinner is at the sametime as weekdays.
Dinner is available after most services.
Dinner is available after the workshop for a fee.
Dinner is available and is served during the meeting.
Dinner is available at an additional charge, with advance notice only.
Dinner is available at an additional cost on weekends, with prior notice.
Dinner is available at an extra charge.
Dinner is available at several good restaurants nearby.
Dinner is available at the inn for an additional cost.
Dinner is available at the Inn serving Northern Italian cuisine.
Dinner is available at the Inn upon request.
Dinner is available before and after every show.
Dinner is available before most shows.
Dinner is available by arrangement.
Dinner is available by prior arrangement.
Dinner is available by request.
Dinner is available by reservation only.
Dinner is available by separate arrangement.
Dinner is available for a minimum of four people.
Dinner is available for all students.
Dinner is available for purchase in the theatre.
Dinner is available if required in our restaurant, refectory or lounge bars.
Dinner is available in the excellent restaurant.
Dinner is available in the house by appointment, but four persons or more are required.
Dinner is available in the local area.
Dinner is available most nights.
Dinner is available nearby at one of the many fine restaurants in our area.
Dinner is available nightly by advanced reservations.
Dinner is available nightly for guests by advance reservation.
Dinner is avail-able on order in the dining room.
Dinner is available on request with bookings.
Dinner is available on request, and special dietary requirements can be accommodated.
Dinner is available on request.
Dinner is available on reservation with a gastronomic menu at the weekend.
Dinner is available only before select performances.
Dinner is available prior to the talk.
Dinner is available upon request.
Dinner is available, at an additional charge, upon request.
Dinner is available.
Dinner is average.
Dinner is awesome.
Dinner is banquet style on River Ramble .
Dinner is best, roast chicken, potatoes, stuffing , vegetables and sticky pudding.
Dinner is by arrangement using fresh local produce wherever possible.
Dinner is by arrangement.
Dinner is by pre-paid reservations only.
Dinner is by pre-registration only.
Dinner is by prior arrangement.
Dinner is by reservation only.
Dinner is by reservation.
Dinner is called and there is a general rush and rally on the biscuits and coffee.
Dinner is casual dress tonight.
Dinner is casual tonight.
Dinner is chicken and pasta.
Dinner is chicken or fish, with salad, vegetables and maybe a piece of bread.
Dinner is chosen from the seasonal la carte menu.
Dinner is commonly consists of first and second courses.
Dinner is complimentary.
Dinner is concluded with hand-washing again and incense is burned.
Dinner is considered as the main meal of the day.
Dinner is considered the main meal of the day.
Dinner is created by chefs.
Dinner is delicious, poached salmon with caper sauce.
Dinner is disjointed and rushed.
Dinner is done.
Dinner is double the price, double the food.
Dinner is dutch treat.
Dinner is easy during the week, but reservations only on weekends.
Dinner is eat in, take out or delivery.
Dinner is eaten after the light meal that breaks the fast.
Dinner is eaten around the campfire in an enclosed boma.
Dinner is eaten at a certain time and after eleven o'clock everyone goes upstairs.
Dinner is eaten in record time as they want to be the first to pick their favorite character.
Dinner is eaten in the alley of a nearby office building.
Dinner is eaten.
Dinner is either at the hotel or in one of the many tavernas.
Dinner is either chicken or vegetarian.
Dinner is either in the air conditioned restaurant or in Summer on the beach under moonlight.
Dinner is either in the crockpot or on time-bake in the oven.
Dinner is either salad or half an avocado, plus one protein shake .
Dinner is elaborate enough to gain the gourmet label.
Dinner is elegant.
Dinner is enjoyed potluck style.
Dinner is enjoyed with our hosts.
Dinner is even more exciting, with a cuisine that has something to please everyone.
Dinner is excellent, and completely stuffed, the wine cellar is explored.
Dinner is expensive and well worth it.
Dinner is expensive but lunch is quite reasonable.
Dinner is expensive.
Dinner is extra.
Dinner is family-style, one seating.
Dinner is family-style.
Dinner is filet mignon and lobster tail.
Dinner is first meal plan meal.
Dinner is fish, chicken or steak with lots of fresh vegetables, and salad.
Dinner is Floribbean cuisine, fresh and festive.
Dinner is followed by a chance to relax by the fireside or in the bar.
Dinner is followed by a good sleep in the above-standard National Park bungalows.
Dinner is followed by a lantern-lit barn tour.
Dinner is followed by a large group presentation and small-group discussions.
Dinner is followed by a musical revue.
Dinner is followed by a spectacular evening of dancing and entertainment.
Dinner is followed by a witness speaker.
Dinner is followed by either rehearsal, entertainment or relaxation.
Dinner is followed by fireside chats, a light desert and coffee.
Dinner is followed by freshly ground coffee and a variety of herbal teas.
Dinner is followed by great desserts.
Dinner is followed by large group presentation and small group discussion.
Dinner is followed by overnight stay at hotel.
Dinner is followed by personal time.
Dinner is followed by singing, dancing, and some informal learning.
Dinner is followed by the Bible study, and sometimes fellowship and prayer.
Dinner is followed by the program and guest speaker.
Dinner is for overnight guests only.
Dinner is found mainly near the bottom where sandbar sharks feast on fish, shellfish, and octopus.
Dinner is free but tickets needed.
Dinner is free for all alumni emeriti, award recipients and their families.
Dinner is free for participants.
Dinner is FREE for students participating in Hebrew Hour.
Dinner is free to enjoy one of Lima s many fine restaurants.
Dinner is free to enjoy one of the city s many fine restaurants.
Dinner is free to enjoy one of the local restaurants.
Dinner is free to explore the town.
Dinner is free, but space is limited and reservations are required.
Dinner is free.
Dinner is fresh baked foccacia and pasta.
Dinner is from an imaginative daily changing menu.
Dinner is generally a hot meal.
Dinner is generous portions of corned beef, cabbage, and boiled potatoes.
Dinner is good but pricey.
Dinner is good too.
Dinner is good, also, with a reasonably-sized permanent menu augmented by a seasonal booklet.
Dinner is good-ole country cookin' with all the fixin's.
Dinner is gourmet Mexican food, complete with wine.
Dinner is great too.
Dinner is great, but the breakfasts are the best.
Dinner is great, too.
Dinner is great.
Dinner is had with that people together.
Dinner is heavier, a choice of two or three dishes with rice.
Dinner is held in the evening with an awards ceremony and raffle.
Dinner is hot dogs.
Dinner is in a local restaurant.
Dinner is in a typical local fish restaurant on the spot entertained by street musicians.
Dinner is in addition to lodging.
Dinner is in preparation over a smokey wood fire.
Dinner is in ten minutes.
Dinner is in the evening.
Dinner is in the evenings except on Sundays when it is at noon.
Dinner is in the fridge.
Dinner is in the hotel.
Dinner is in the large open shelter to the light of kerosene lamps.
Dinner is included and a cash bar is available.
Dinner is included and spouses are welcome.
Dinner is included at a local restaurant.
Dinner is included at one of Washington's many restaurants.
Dinner is included at our hotel.
Dinner is included at the hotel.
Dinner is included both nights.
Dinner is included each evening.
Dinner is included in our halfboard and fullboard quotations.
Dinner is included in the conference fee.
Dinner is included in the cost of the ticket.
Dinner is included in the price of the conference.
Dinner is included in the price of the evening.
Dinner is included in the price with a complimentary bottle of wine.
Dinner is included in the program fee during the classroom and Tunis portion of the program.
Dinner is included on five of the evenings.
Dinner is included on the return trip.
Dinner is included one evening.
Dinner is included only on full-day trip.
Dinner is included tonight, followed by an evening of riverboat gambling.
Dinner is included tonight.
Dinner is included with both events.
Dinner is included with conference registration.
Dinner is included with each entry.
Dinner is included with the rate.
Dinner is included.
Dinner is independent.
Dinner is individual with choice of a seafood, meat or poultry main course.
Dinner is intended to be an informal chance to mingle and get to know one another.
Dinner is international cuisine.
Dinner is Japanese food trucked up from Provo.
Dinner is Japanese-Western style.
Dinner is just too much pressure.
Dinner is la carte at the hotel.
Dinner is left to the resident to select from a choice.
Dinner is less exciting it seems as if the chefs put all their efforts into the midday spread.
Dinner is light and satisfying, with a hot main course and plenty of vegetables.
Dinner is light, but filling, making use of the best produce of the season.
Dinner is light, sparkling with bright anticipation.
Dinner is like lunch and breakfast.
Dinner is livelier.
Dinner is local fish cooked the Aboriginal way on coals.
Dinner is located in ovens.
Dinner is located in tables.
Dinner is made up of chicken and a large salad.
Dinner is meals.
Dinner is meant to sooth the soul and finish the day right.
Dinner is moderately expensive, but well worth it.
Dinner is moderately expensive.
Dinner is more laid back, more of a dining experience.
Dinner is more of a social occasion and a time to enjoy good food, wine and discussion.
Dinner is more relaxed and a more substantial meal.
Dinner is near perfection.
Dinner is no-host and prices range from low to expensive.
Dinner is normally a set menu of four courses and coffee.
Dinner is now almost universally at six or half after six o'clock.
Dinner is ocean-front, with dancing, roast pig and rum.
Dinner is of course sumptuous, after exploring a bit about the neighborhood on a snowmachine.
Dinner is off the menu with a salad bar.
Dinner is offered at additional costs on holiday weekends.
Dinner is offered in our spectacular fine dining atrium room.
Dinner is often on the fly during weekdays, and there are always chores to do.
Dinner is often rubber chicken.
Dinner is often soup, with another salad.
Dinner is often the only moment in a family's busy day to spend relaxing and sharing.
Dinner is often the only time that families are able to be together during the day.
Dinner is on board.
Dinner is on fire.
Dinner is on our own to sample one of the local restaurants.
Dinner is on our own.
Dinner is on own.
Dinner is on request.
Dinner is on table.
Dinner is on the clients' arrangement.
Dinner is on the house.
Dinner is on the lamp lit terrace under the stars.
Dinner is on time bake.
Dinner is one of the few times they all get together.
Dinner is only a hook away.
Dinner is only avaliable if booked in advance and is non-refundable.
Dinner is open to the public.
Dinner is optional and only by prior arrangement.
Dinner is optional and prices are available upon request.
Dinner is optional.
Dinner is ordered from the regular menu.
Dinner is ordered.
Dinner is our baby.
Dinner is our gathering meal for all to enjoy.
Dinner is our time together.
Dinner is out at the nearby Lodge restaurant.
Dinner is out tonight at a charming Roman restaurant with fine Roman wines.
Dinner is over and it's time for the football game.
Dinner is over, no one stirs.
Dinner is over.
Dinner is particularly uncomfortable.
Dinner is parties.
Dinner is pizza and beer at a local night spot.
Dinner is preceded by Virginia wine-tasting and hors d'oeuvres.
Dinner is prepared and a fire arranged on the beach.
Dinner is prepared by a Mayan cook.
Dinner is prepared by the proprietor using fresh local produce.
Dinner is prepared for the student and is taken with the family.
Dinner is prepared on the street, in front of the garage.
Dinner is prepared, and the main table is set.
Dinner is priced separately from the room so please request pricing information.
Dinner is pricey.
Dinner is proceeded by the homes who serve appetizers and beverages.
Dinner is provided almost every night of the year, donated by individuals, groups, or businesses.
Dinner is provided and the children participate in arts, crafts, games, and storytelling.
Dinner is provided and the students invite a guest faculty expert to lend critical perspective.
Dinner is provided and transportation is available.
Dinner is provided at a local restaurant.
Dinner is provided at a nominal fee.
Dinner is provided at each meeting without cost to the participant.
Dinner is provided at each meeting.
Dinner is provided at every meeting.
Dinner is provided at no cost.
Dinner is provided at the hotel or at a local restaurant.
Dinner is provided by a cook employed each summer.
Dinner is provided by a vendor.
Dinner is provided by arrangement.
Dinner is provided by corporate sponsers.
Dinner is provided by volunteers.
Dinner is provided each evening.
Dinner is provided each week along with teachings and discussion groups.
Dinner is provided each week by volunteers.
Dinner is provided for all who attend.
Dinner is provided free of charge to all guests.
Dinner is provided free of charge, and all students are welcome to attend.
Dinner is provided in the camp tonight.
Dinner is provided in the hotel.
Dinner is provided onboard at approx.
Dinner is provided tonight along with full Scottish breakfast tomorrow morning.
Dinner is provided tonight, along with full Scottish breakfast tomorrow morning.
Dinner is provided tonight.
Dinner is provided with entertainment by one of our fine musicians.
Dinner is provided, along with dessert, around the campfire at the end of the evening.
Dinner is provided.
Dinner is quite entertaining, and after a couple of hours even includes some food.
Dinner is ready to go.
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Dinner Is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Dinner is ready.
Dinner is real good too.
Dinner is really good.
Dinner is remote and delicious and a real treat.
Dinner is required.
Dinner is romantic.
Dinner is rushed, often fast food eaten in the car as the kids are chauffeured to and fro.
Dinner is rushed.
Dinner is served a few nights a week during the summer season.
Dinner is served a la carte.
Dinner is served aboard our nonstop flight to Lima, Peru.
Dinner is served aboard the Colonial Tram Car.
Dinner is served after a program.
Dinner is served after all the deep thinking.
Dinner is served after guests are refreshed from the day's safari.
Dinner is served ala carte each night.
Dinner is served all day long.
Dinner is served along with fellowship, study, worship, and service projects.
Dinner is served and door prizes are awarded to lucky ticket holders.
Dinner is served and the candles are burning.
Dinner is served any day of the week at a local inn.
Dinner is served as cool music plays from the piano.
Dinner is served as part of the evening's entertainment.
Dinner is served as the evening progresses.
Dinner is served at a faculty member's home, with only students and postdoctoral fellows present.
Dinner is served at a restaurant in the main manor house.
Dinner is served at dusk as the day starts to cool into evening.
Dinner is served at the dinner tables in the main seating area.
Dinner is served at the hotel tonight.
Dinner is served at the inn followed by light entertainment in the lounge.
Dinner is served at the inn.
Dinner is served at the seafood village.
Dinner is served at the town hall.
Dinner is served back at camp after the thrill of a night safari.
Dinner is served back at our hotel.
Dinner is served back at the lodge.
Dinner is served back the lodge and the rest of the evening is at leisure.
Dinner is served by a grateful management staff.
Dinner is served by another group and still a different group of volunteers brings in breakfast.
Dinner is served by candle light.
Dinner is served by candlelight and hea . . .
Dinner is served by candlelight in our spacious and elegant dining room.
Dinner is served by candlelight in relaxed elegance.
Dinner is served by tuxedoed waiters with piano music playing softly in the background.
Dinner is served daily, and breakfast is offered to guests of the inn.
Dinner is served daily.
Dinner is served during a three hour trip up and down the valley.
Dinner is served during the break between the first and final round.
Dinner is served during the performances.
Dinner is served each evening.
Dinner is served early, for the convenience of the guests.
Dinner is served every night in the panoramic restaurant in the main building.
Dinner is served every night.
Dinner is served family style and special kid-friendly items like macaroni and cheese are offered.
Dinner is served family style each evening.
Dinner is served family style with animated conversation flowing even more abundantly.
Dinner is served family style.
Dinner is served family-style, followed by an evening of comraderieand optional programs.
Dinner is served followed by a presentation on some aspect of flyfishing.
Dinner is served followed by light entertainment at the inn.
Dinner is served free at each meeting.
Dinner is served free.
Dinner is served from six o'clock in our main dining room by candlelight in front of a warming fire.
Dinner is served here.
Dinner is served house-party style, with all guests seated round the dining room table.
Dinner is served if requested.
Dinner is served in a beautiful Pennsylvania barn decorated with hundreds of antiques.
Dinner is served in a local restaurant in town.
Dinner is served in a restaurant in town.
Dinner is served in a traditional African 'boma' under the stars.
Dinner is served in an authentic miners' cabin.
Dinner is served in an exquisite Japanese garden setting.
Dinner is served in an open-sided thatched rondavel with fireplace.
Dinner is served in bowls with the children sharing.
Dinner is served in camp.
Dinner is served in candle-light around a most convivial refectory table, or separate table.
Dinner is served in less time than it take the pizza man to deliver.
Dinner is served in one single open seating using both restaurants.
Dinner is served in our candlelight dining room.
Dinner is served in our candlelit restaurant, which attracts diners from throughout the region.
Dinner is served in our comfortable chalet-like lodge, around a large table.
Dinner is served in our fully licensed dining room, from our ample menu .
Dinner is served in our spacious dining room in candlelight.
Dinner is served in our stylish Thai restaurant with full comprehensive menus.
Dinner is served in the back seat.
Dinner is served in the dining room.
Dinner is served in the early evening, and perhaps a campfire to end a nice day.
Dinner is served in the evenings.
Dinner is served in the main dining area, a private room or on the terrace.
Dinner is served in the main dining room in the evening and is the only community meal.
Dinner is served in the main dining room, followed by the midnight buffet.
Dinner is served in the old dining hall.
Dinner is served in the old monastery of the monks.
Dinner is served in the restaurant by candlelight.
Dinner is served in the restored blacksmith shop.
Dinner is served in the romantic candle-lit restaurant and includes wine.
Dinner is served in the understated elegance of the dining room.
Dinner is served in the upstairs dining room, overlooking the marina.
Dinner is served in the vaulted diningrooms at the centre of the abbey.
Dinner is served indoors or outside on the porches and patio.
Dinner is served Melanesian style.
Dinner is served nightly and features daily fresh fish selections, entrees and steaks.
Dinner is served nightly in our historic dining room.
Dinner is served nightly in Palm Desert, lunch and dinner daily in Palm Springs.
Dinner is served nightly.
Dinner is served on a candle lit terrace or by an olive wood fire in winter.
Dinner is served on arrival day, breakfast and lunch on departure day.
Dinner is served on both floors of the restaurant.
Dinner is served on property.
Dinner is served on request.
Dinner is served on selected evenings.
Dinner is served on the lamp lit terrace under the stars.
Dinner is served on the same lavish scale as the breakfast.
Dinner is served on the train, and people enjoy the scenery and nostalgia.
Dinner is served only to Inn guests.
Dinner is served prior to the presentation, but is optional.
Dinner is served separately to the ladies and the gentlemen.
Dinner is served seven days a week in the summer.
Dinner is served seven days a week.
Dinner is served seven nights a week.
Dinner is served shortly after departure.
Dinner is served table de hote, and advanced reservations are required.
Dinner is served to the public.
Dinner is served tonight, along with full Scottish breakfast tomorrow morning.
Dinner is served two hours prior to show.
Dinner is served under the stars.
Dinner is served while the soft music sets a good mood for the evening .
Dinner is served with homemade hot bread.
Dinner is served with lots of greenage and vegetables.
Dinner is served with nightly specials.
Dinner is served with one open seating.
Dinner is served with plenty to time to start new freindships.
Dinner is served with specialty drinks.
Dinner is served with the old world times in mind.
Dinner is served with the show.
Dinner is served with unpretentious elegance with candlelight and soft music and fresh flowers.
Dinner is served, and our kitchen divas are able to whip up a batch or two of cookies.
Dinner is served, followed by brief comments from the candidate.
Dinner is served, madam.
Dinner is served, with applause for a flaming dessert.
Dinner is served.
Dinner is shared with a mix of participants at one of many restaurants in town.
Dinner is shared with good friends in front of a roaring fire.
Dinner is similar to lunch.
Dinner is simple and usually consists of meat, boiled potatoes and vegetables.
Dinner is simple.
Dinner is single seating with assigned tables.
Dinner is solved.
Dinner is sometimes available on request.
Dinner is soon over but there are morsels to be had.
Dinner is spaghetti and baked beans cooked over a wood fire.
Dinner is spaghetti, burritos, or rice with meat and veggies.
Dinner is sponsored by several county businesses.
Dinner is still a celebu-scene, but decidedly more mellow and romantic.
Dinner is still in the planning stage.
Dinner is subject to sufficient interest.
Dinner is succulent, decadent, overpriced, and entirely divine.
Dinner is supposed to be on the table.
Dinner is sushi tonight.
Dinner is table d'h te menu with four choices for each course - one of which is a vegetarian option.
Dinner is table d'hote with a different menu every night and assigned seating.
Dinner is taken communally in the Rock Lodge's baronial dining room.
Dinner is taken in the park restaurant, and overnight in the chalet.
Dinner is taken together in common, with some communities cooking their meals together.
Dinner is takeout, microwave, or one-step.
Dinner is the classic two sittings.
Dinner is the first meal served and breakfast is served on the last day of camp.
Dinner is the highlight of the evening and each night offers new delights.
Dinner is the main meal and done up right.
Dinner is the main meal of the day and is now eaten in the evening.
Dinner is the main meal of the day.
Dinner is the main meal with lighter meals for breakfast and lunch.
Dinner is the main meal.
Dinner is the meal of reward.
Dinner is the most expensive meal to eat out.
Dinner is the next most popular meal out, followed by breakfast.
Dinner is the only meal with specified sittings in the dining room.
Dinner is the other anchor of our day.
Dinner is the perfect finish to a busy day.
Dinner is the primary meal with lighter meals for breakfast and lunch.
Dinner is the Russian main meal, always served with soup and desserts.
Dinner is the spiritual center of the day, when the family comes together.
Dinner is the variable.
Dinner is their opportunity for conversation.
Dinner is to be taken with the parents.
Dinner is traditional Southern fare in a unique Southern atmosphere.
Dinner is truly a work of art.
Dinner is twice as expensive as the same food in California.
Dinner is typical french bistro fare.
Dinner is typically a group affair at a local restaurant or at our lodgings if included.
Dinner is unforgettable outdoors or in.
Dinner is usually a barbecue, followed by good conversation and stargazing.
Dinner is usually a feast of seafood and dumplings, signifying both luck and prosperity.
Dinner is usually a feast of seafood and dumplings, signifying different good wishes.
Dinner is usually a hot meal.
Dinner is usually a roast or a barbecue in the boma.
Dinner is usually chicken or fish with a small salad and sweet potato or brown rice or sushi.
Dinner is usually more expensive than lunch.
Dinner is usually on the table within twenty or thirty minutes after the first arrives home.
Dinner is usually peas and rice with chicken, fish, or sometimes pork.
Dinner is usually something light, such as a low-carbohydrate ice cream snack.
Dinner is usually soup, a cup of rice and some bread.
Dinner is very important to some cultures .
Dinner is very important to some cultures.
Dinner is where the few contemporary touches sneak in.
Dinner is with reservations only.
Dinner is within walking distance.
Dinner is wolfed down and no one is tempted to hang out in the neighboring bars.
Dinner isa meal.
Dinner lasts about an hour.
Dinner means death.
Dinner menu all day.
Dinner menu only.
Dinner menus change with each show.
Dinner needs to be lighter than lunch, but just as nutritive and balanced.
Dinner needs to be started and often group members want to change into warmer clothing.
Dinner occurs at a leisurely pace, allowing ample time for conversation.
Dinner offers a carved meat entree, just like home.
Dinner offers barbecued chicken, delicious potato salad and fresh sweet corn.
Dinner offers choices of soups, salads, entrees and desserts and varies nightly.
Dinner offers delights like Dutch oven lasagna, grilled salmon, zesty fajitas, and shrimp curry.
Dinner offers individual service featuring a choice of seafood, meat or poultry entrees.
Dinner offers many Greek specialties.
Dinner offers prime rib, chicken, fish and cobbler.
Dinner offers up many hearty dishes, like shrimp, ribeye steak, spaghetti, and rainbow trout.
Dinner only gets better.
Dinner only is served.
Dinner packages available for all performances for an additional price.
Dinner packages available.
Dinner packages with two nearby restaurants.
Dinner plans tonight.
Dinner precedes the performance.
Dinner promises to be an elegant affair, accompanied by the music of a pianist during the meal.
Dinner proves stimulating.
Dinner provides a good opportunity to sample the local cuisine, wines, and beer.
Dinner provides an excellent way for our lawyers to socialize when they are working hard.
Dinner puts the icing on the cake, so to speak.
Dinner raise near that peach tree.
Dinner remains one of the enduring symbols in a time of change.
Dinner rides also available.
Dinner rides Groups of eight or more and five day notice.
Dinner rides, bowling, plays, movies, . . . .
Dinner rides, private cabins and group accommodations are also available.
Dinner rises to the occaison.
Dinner rolls galore.
Dinner rotates at the home or other location of the host pair.
Dinner runs beneath the yonex iron.
Dinner runs the gamut from great seafood, pasta, ribs, chicken, and steaks.
Dinner s ready.
Dinner seating overlooks our beautiful gardens.
Dinner seems to vary the most while breakfast and lunch are nearly identical.
Dinner serves up burritos, Black beans and rice, tortellini, served with wine.
Dinner shift only.
Dinner show available.
Dinner show in Orlando.
Dinner shows nightly.
Dinner shows, costume balls and other festive events are a common occurence.
Dinner smells good everywhere.
Dinner smells good tonight.
Dinner smells good, dear.
Dinner smells really good.
Dinner smile Punishment past that connection from either continent.
Dinner sounds good.
Dinner starts fairly enough.
Dinner starts in an hour.
Dinner starts when all the family members get together and share the events of the day at the table.
Dinner starts with a variety of first courses, many are very interesting.
Dinner starts with some complimentary pickled strips of turnip and carrot.
Dinner still has to be cooked.
Dinner stop en route.
Dinner stop on the road home.
Dinner stop on the way.
Dinner succeed except several weapon since said volvo.
Dinner sucks - at least for a walrus.
Dinner takes about four hours.
Dinner takes longer than at a fast-food restaurant, but the wait is worth every moment.
Dinner takes place early in the evening.
Dinner takes place under a series of square white tents that are a permanent feature of the hotel.
Dinner taste Second above no soul underneath that pronunciation.
Dinner tells the larger story.
Dinner then transfer to Amman.
Dinner there begins with an aperitif of crisp Alexander Valley champagne.
Dinner there is fairly formal, and the specialty is Italian food.
Dinner too is often a simple affair, with maybe an extra slice of cheese or ham to liven things up.
Dinner Trains too.
Dinner treks Enjoy a brisk hike to our mountain dining spot.
Dinner try away no grandfather unless stored bike magazines.
Dinner try away no grandfather unless stored model railroader magazines.
Dinner turns out to be fish and roots.
Dinner upstairs is somewhat formal, a dress code is enforced, and reservations are recommended.
Dinner wonder Punishment despite that connection past either continent.
Dinners also come with a serving of corn bread.
Dinners also come with choice of house salad, spinach salad, caesar salad or soup.
Dinners also come with roasted garlic mashed potatoes, Indian wild rice and waffle fries.
Dinners alternate between the traditional boma and the romantic candle-lit courtyard.
Dinners are a blend of continental cuisine with a flare for fine seafood.
Dinners are a favorite tactic.
Dinners are a la carte and there's a buffet lunch.
Dinners are a la carte or full course.
Dinners are a pleasure at several good local restaurants.
Dinners are a romantic, gourmet dining experience.
Dinners are a set menu with a vegetarian option.
Dinners are a special treat, with a menu that reflects the freshest ingredients available.
Dinners are a wide range of American cooking.
Dinners are almost always large and leisurely.
Dinners are also available by advance arrangement.
Dinners are always a much-anticipated treat.
Dinners are always different and reasonable.
Dinners are always hot meals with generous portions.
Dinners are as specified in the itinerary.
Dinners are at participants' expense.
Dinners are at riders own expense with many excellent local restaurants from which to choose.
Dinners are availabale and served nightly, with reservations.
Dinners are available all day.
Dinners are available at extra charge.
Dinners are available in wonderful local restaurants.
Dinners are available on request, using fresh fruits, vegetables, and quality meats.
Dinners are available only with a prepaid advance order.
Dinners are available prior to performances.
Dinners are available.
Dinners are buffet style with full bar services available.
Dinners are casual and hearty, served with homemade biscuits or jalapeno corn bread.
Dinners are communal affairs, with everyone taking turns as chief cook and bottle washer.
Dinners are complete, from choice of soup or salad to beverage and spumoni or ice cream.
Dinners are different in different countries .
Dinners are different in different countries.
Dinners are diverse, including seafood, beef or chicken.
Dinners are equally good and priced right.
Dinners are excellent and portions are hefty.
Dinners are expensive in scenic areas.
Dinners are expensive.
Dinners are expertly prepared and presented by a catering staff.
Dinners are extra.
Dinners are family style.
Dinners are formal affairs where simple but noble dishes look as good as they taste.
Dinners are free in Naples.
Dinners are generally prepared in dutch ovens.
Dinners are generous, healthy and fresh, meals for vegetarians are provided on request.
Dinners are glamorous six course events.
Dinners are good ol' American, home-style favorites.
Dinners are hearty, and can range from pasta to pizza to casseroles.
Dinners are home style, friendly and hearty.
Dinners are hours-long affairs, husbands come home for lunch and the kitchen is the center of life.
Dinners are in the best Southern restaurants our area has to offer.
Dinners are in the fine dining tradition.
Dinners are individual and staying in the raft-up overnight is discretionary.
Dinners are leisurely affairs, to be savored slowly along with the delicious home-cooked food.
Dinners are leisurely affairs, to be savored slowly along, with the delicious homecooked food.
Dinners are more elaborate, hosting a healthy amount of vegetarian courses.
Dinners are more relaxed.
Dinners are mostly Malay, with an occasional western dinner.
Dinners are one of the main social events and can go on for hours.
Dinners are only available by prior arrangement.
Dinners are only available to guests and guests of guests.
Dinners are open to a limited number of accompanying persons and family members.
Dinners are our cook's specialty - real gourmet cooking on the trail.
Dinners are out at local establishments.
Dinners are outdoors under the sky at a communal table.
Dinners are popular with upscale tour groups.
Dinners are prepared fresh, using local organic ingredients, some even from our own organic gardens.
Dinners are prepared in camp or taken at a restaurant on hotel trips.
Dinners are pricey.
Dinners are reasonable.
Dinners are relaxed and unhurried.
Dinners are self-prepared or purchased at restaurants.
Dinners are serve banquette style, plate served with duel entree selections each night.
Dinners are served family style, so everyone can share.
Dinners are slightly more than lunch.
Dinners are special, and there are glaciers, valleys, and fjords all within an easy drive.
Dinners are steak, spaghetti, baked potatoes, ham, vegetables and drinks.
Dinners are sumptuous, culinary delights infused with international flavors.
Dinners are superb.
Dinners are to be lingered over, and are routinely served with much pomp and circumstance.
Dinners are top quality supplied by the leading manufacturers for freeze-dried foods.
Dinners are usually two or three course meals, covering a range of styles.
Dinners are very filling and excellent, expect to bring some home.
Dinners are well prepared and servings are plentiful.
Dinners are wonderful at the Ranch.
Dinners begin on a high note with a rosemary-flavored focaccia and a crusty Italian loaf.
Dinners begin with a bowl of Japanese onion soup, which is unexciting.
Dinners begin with slices of standard Italian-style bread studded with sesame seeds.
Dinners can be a source of income.
Dinners can dine under the stars by the riverside, and watch the world go by along the busy mall.
Dinners can include soups and stews, grains, beans, wild foods, and more.
Dinners can taste all kinds of game in the restaurant or try Sichuan and Guangdong style dishes.
Dinners come in large and small with rice and peas and coleslaw.
Dinners come well accompanied.
Dinners come with a choice of homemade soup or salad.
Dinners come with a choice of two salads.
Dinners come with a copper skillet filled with browned vegetables.
Dinners come with a garden-fresh salad and a nice variety of breads.
Dinners come with a grilled pita, rice and soup or salad.
Dinners come with a small, uncomplicated salad of spring greens and sliced almonds.
Dinners come with dinner salad, two vegetables and rolls.
Dinners come with miso soup or an iceberg salad with tomato, cucumber and a broccoli floret.
Dinners come with rice and soup or salad.
Dinners come with soup and salad.
Dinners come with soup or salad.
Dinners come with soup, salad, a shrimp appetizer, hibachi vegetables and fried rice.
Dinners come with the usual rice, beans and pico de gallo.
Dinners come with trimmings, choice of soup or salad and pie.
Dinners come with two kinds of bread, served with a spicy butter mixed with flecks of red pepper.
Dinners comes with cole slaw or beans and potato salad, and bread or home-made jalapeno roll.
Dinners consist of sumptuous entrees, and homemade bread, created by the world-class cooking staff.
Dinners consist of turkey, roast beef, ham, roast pork, etc.
Dinners consist of various salads, fajitas, kabobs, and barbecued chicken.
Dinners continue with the support of caterers.
Dinners feature an array of entrees and decadent desserts.
Dinners feature classic American food, nothing fancy, served buffet style.
Dinners fit for princes. of adultery.
Dinners focus on duck, steak and fish dishes.
Dinners here are amazing.
Dinners here are as good as the service.
Dinners here are enjoyable.
Dinners keep coming and coming.
Dinners offer a special menu of seafood kababs.
Dinners offer unforgettable opportunities to experience cuisine from the four corners of the world.
Dinners provide an opportunity for open and free-ranging discussions in a relaxed atmosphere.
Dinners range from chicken, steak, roasts, pasta to turkey.
Dinners range from fajitas to pasta and from vegetable stir-fry to filet mignon.
Dinners range from gourmet meals for two too hamburgers and chicken for the kids.
Dinners require more time and serious nutritional consideration.
Dinners rotate among lean meat, chicken and fish.
Dinners sell out each year.
Dinners start with hard-crusted bread with a good, chewy texture.
Dinners take place in members' homes and clubhouses located in the metropolitan area.
Dinners tend to be a bit of an event, spent in one of three ballroom-sized dining rooms.
Dinners tend to run expensive but well worth the price of the steak.
Dinner always includes a green salad in a tangy cream dressing and a pretty good cup of soup.
Dinner always seems to taste better when shared with a group of friends.
Dinner often features an optional buffet as well.
Dinners often feature speaking from the gay and lesbian or business community.
Dinner usually means a good soup, fruits, fish, and sweet potatoes.
Dinner usually preceeds the general meeting.
Dinners usually consist of microwave prepared meals or pizza delivery.
All dinners are available for takeout.
ALL dinners are free, sponsored by the community , please see the calendar for details.
All dinners are prepared to order.
All dinners begin two hours prior to concert performances.
All dinners come with all the fixings, dessert and a drink.
All dinners come with garlic bread and homemade seasoned croutons.
All dinners come with homemade minestrone, salad, a baby pizza, and bread.
All dinners come with miso soup, salad, rice and an assortment of Japanese vegetables.
All dinners come with salad and a choice of potato.
All dinners come with soup or salad and a baked potato or french fries.
All dinners come with sourdough bread.
All dinners come with the choice of two side orders.
All dinners come with three tacos and rice and beans.
All dinners come with two burritos and are served with rice and refried beans.
All dinners come with two sides.
Every dinner comes with french fries and coleslaw.
Every dinner includes their lavish salad and bread bar, which features shrimp and crab salad.
Every dinner is accompanied by a basket of fresh sourdough bread.
Every dinner is served with both soup and salad.
Many dinners bring mild, hot green tea.
Most dinner consists of dinner.
Most dinner consists of freeze dinner.
Most dinner consists of lean meat.
Most dinner consists of meat.
Most dinner includes vegetables.
Most dinners also feature some new wine releases.
Most dinners begin with soup or salad.
Most dinners come with options for fries, potatoes, salad and cole slaw, etc.
Most dinners come with two sides.
Some dinner consists of eye pea soup.
Some dinner consists of pea soup.
Some dinner consists of soup.
Some dinner contains sugar.
Some dinner follows rules.
Some dinner includes catfishes.
Some dinner includes chickens.
Some dinner includes fruit.
Some dinner turns into lunch.
Some dinner turns into tasty lunch.
Some dinners are BBQ meals.
Some dinners have everything fried.
A dinnerware is tableware
Dinnerware is it's own reward.
Dinnerwares are located in cupboards.
Dinnerwares are tableware.
All dinnerware has microwave-safe gold trim.
All dinnerware is in excellent condition unless otherwise noted.
Dinoflagellate theca can sink rapidly to the seafloor in marine snow .
A dinoflagellate is a protozoan
Dinoflagellate isa protozoan.
Dinoflagellates account for most of the bioluminescence observed in surface waters.
Dinoflagellates also have cell walls made of cellulose plates that look like armor.
Dinoflagellates also produce some of the luminescence sometimes seen in the sea.
Dinoflagellates also release a toxin that kills fish.
Dinoflagellates are a group of microscopic one-celled microorganisms.
Dinoflagellates are a nasty problem that have driven some aquarists to consider leaving the hobby.
Dinoflagellates are a single-celled algae with a nucleus.
Dinoflagellates are also responsible for ciguatera and other shellfish poisonings.
Dinoflagellates are also responsible for toxic algal blooms such as red tides.
Dinoflagellates are another group of golden-brown algae that also have flagella.
Dinoflagellates are another major group of net phytoplank- ton.
Dinoflagellates are common components of marine and freshwater phytoplankton.
Dinoflagellates are common organisms in all types of aquatic ecosystems.
Dinoflagellates are comparatively large flagellates.
Dinoflagellates are considered to be amongst the most primative of the eukaryotes.
Dinoflagellates are considered to be protists , with their own division, Dinoflagellata.
Dinoflagellates are considered to be protists, with their own division, Dinoflagellata.
Dinoflagellates are eukaryotes.
Dinoflagellates are flagellates.
Dinoflagellates are found in both freshwater and saltwater.
Dinoflagellates are key players in aquatic ecosystems.
Dinoflagellates are marine protozoans in the class Dinoflagellata.
Dinoflagellates are microorganisms that are regarded as algae.
Dinoflagellates are mixotrophic microorganisms that can survive with or without light.
Dinoflagellates are most typical of warm waters and can reproduce in staggering numbers.
Dinoflagellates are mostly marine.
Dinoflagellates are mostly unicellular but some are colonial.
Dinoflagellates are mostly unicellular.
Dinoflagellates are motile and swim by two flagella, which are movable protein strands.
Dinoflagellates are noteworthy for several reasons.
Dinoflagellates are on a circadian rhythm.
Dinoflagellates are photosynthetic creatures surrounded by three separate membranes.
Dinoflagellates are photosynthetic protists found in both fresh and salt water.
Dinoflagellates are photosynthetic, so the only necessity is light.
Dinoflagellates are primarily asexual in reproduction.
Dinoflagellates are primarily asexual.
Dinoflagellates are primitive single-celled organisms that have two flagella for locomotion.
Dinoflagellates are probably more closely related to zooflagellates than to any phylum of the algae.
Dinoflagellates are single celled, they mostly live in salt water but some live in fresh water.
Dinoflagellates are single-celled organisms.
Dinoflagellates are the most common sources of bioluminescence at the surface of the ocean.
Dinoflagellates are the most common sources of bioluminescence in the surface waters of the ocean.
Dinoflagellates are the most common sources of bioluminescence.
Dinoflagellates are therefore an important source of food in certain ecosystems.
Dinoflagellates are unicellular forms with one to three flagellae .
Dinoflagellates are unicellular organisms that have two unequal flagella.
Dinoflagellates are unicellular organisms which exhibit a great diversity of form.
Dinoflagellates are unicellular protists which exhibit a great diversity of form.
Dinoflagellates become abundant during the spring and summer.
Dinoflagellates can also reproduce very quickly when conditions are good.
Dinoflagellates change form during their life cycle.
Dinoflagellates color the water in a British Columbia bay.
Dinoflagellates come in many shapes.
Dinoflagellates contain a lot of DNA, which explains the large size of the nucleus.
Dinoflagellates contain chlorophyll as well as carotenoids and red pigments.
Dinoflagellates exist in tumultuous environments in the natural world.
Dinoflagellates form a major part of primary planktonic production in oceans.
Dinoflagellates have (part) cell membranes.
Dinoflagellates have (part) cells.
Dinoflagellates have (part) corpi.
Dinoflagellates have (part) cytoplasm.
Dinoflagellates have (part) lips.
Dinoflagellates have (part) mouths.
Dinoflagellates have (part) nuclei.
Dinoflagellates have (part) plasma membranes.
Dinoflagellates have (part) sections.
Dinoflagellates have (part) vacuoles.
Dinoflagellates have a flagella and can swim in open waters.
Dinoflagellates have a relatively large amount of DNA and a large nucleus.
Dinoflagellates have armor like dinos and a pair of whips.
Dinoflagellates have cell walls that are made out of cellulose.
Dinoflagellates have certain characteristics.
Dinoflagellates have certain identify characteristics.
Dinoflagellates have characteristics.
Dinoflagellates have chlorophyll and so can make their own food.
Dinoflagellates have glass shells pierced with tiny pores.
Dinoflagellates have identify characteristics.
Dinoflagellates have nuclei.
Dinoflagellates have one or more flagella.
Dinoflagellates have two dissimilar flagella.
Dinoflagellates have two flagella of unequal length that are oriented perpendicular to each other.
Dinoflagellates have two flagella or tails and have skeletons of cellulose.
Dinoflagellates have two flagella that can be used for movement.
Dinoflagellates make a compound that turns the flesh of fish into slime.
Dinoflagellates make up part of plankton, a drifting mass of water organisms.
Dinoflagellates move by means of their flagellum.
Dinoflagellates move with a flagellum, a whip-like tail.
Dinoflagellates only emit bioluminescence during their night phase.
Dinoflagellates play an important part in aquatic ecosystems by providing food for other organisms.
Dinoflagellates produce characteristic lipids and sterols.
Dinoflagellates produce neurotoxins that cause paralytic shellfish poisoning and ciguatera.
Dinoflagellates produce the toxin, which herbivorous fish consume.
Dinoflagellates require nitrate, phosphate, trace metals, and vitamins.
Dinoflagellates secrete a compound that turns the flesh of fish into slime .
Dinoflagellates secrete a compound that turns the flesh of fish into slime.
Dinoflagellates share both animal and plant traits.
Dinoflagellates store their energy as oils or polysaccharides.
Dinoflagellates swim in open water.
Dinoflagellates usually reproduce asexually.
Many dinoflagellates are colorless and live as heterotrophs and parasites.
Many dinoflagellates are colorless, but nonetheless, fall under the rubric of red tides.
Many dinoflagellates have a complex life cycle that includes a resting stage.
Many dinoflagellates produce defensive trichocysts, often hundreds per cell.
Many dinoflagellates produce strong toxins.
Many dinoflagellates use urea as a preferred nitrogen source.
Most dinoflagellates are encased in plates of armor.
Most dinoflagellates are harmless.
Most dinoflagellates are marine organisms, although some have been found in freshwater environments.
Most dinoflagellates are quite harmless.
Most dinoflagellates are single celled autotrophs with two whiplike appendages called flagella.
Most dinoflagellates are unicellular forms with two flagella .
Most dinoflagellates are unicellular, but some are colonial.
Most dinoflagellates have certain characteristics.
Most dinoflagellates have certain identify characteristics.
Most dinoflagellates have characteristics.
Most dinoflagellates have nuclei.
Most dinoflagellates have rigid cellulose plates and a pair of flagella in perpendicular grooves.
Most dinoflagellates reproduce asexually through the process of mitosis.
Some dinoflagellates also possess membrane bound kleptoplastids.
Some dinoflagellates are bioluminescent, and others live symbiotically with corals.
Some dinoflagellates are bioluminescent.
Some dinoflagellates are heterotrophic.
Some dinoflagellates can photosynthesize, while others are strictly heterotrophic.
Some dinoflagellates can produce toxins that are released into seawater.
Some dinoflagellates can respond repetitively to excitation over a short period.
Some dinoflagellates consume the scales of the dead fish as they sink.
Some dinoflagellates eat other plants or eat small or large animals.
Some dinoflagellates even parasitize other parasitic dinoflagellates.
Some dinoflagellates feed on other microorganisms, while others produce energy using photosynthesis.
Some dinoflagellates form mutualistic symbioses with cnidarians, animals that build coral reefs.
Some dinoflagellates have ability.
Some dinoflagellates have flagella.
Some dinoflagellates have nutrients.
Some dinoflagellates have organelles.
Some dinoflagellates have photosynthetic organelles.
Some dinoflagellates have responses.
Some dinoflagellates have roles.
Some dinoflagellates have similar roles.
Some dinoflagellates have symbiotic roles.
Some dinoflagellates live as floating rounded forms that look like algae.
Some dinoflagellates make their own energy from sunlight, like plants.
Some dinoflagellates parasitize other parasitic dinoflagellates.
Some dinoflagellates produce blooms or red tides.
Some dinoflagellates produce chemicals.
Some dinoflagellates produce neurotoxins.
Some dinoflagellates produce toxins that are among the most poisonous known.
Some dinoflagellates produce toxins.
Some dinoflagellates undergo photosynthesis.
Dinoflagellates cysts are analogous to the cysts formed by other microorganisms.
Dinopid spiders make square nets held widespread between their legs.
Dinosaur anatomy is surveyed in terms of evolutionary changes.
Dinosaur bones are a rare and non-renewable resource.
Dinosaur bones are everywhere.
Dinosaur bones are located in museums.
Dinosaur bones are most likely to be found in clastic sediments.
Dinosaur bones look a good deal like the bones of modern reptiles and mammals.
Some dinosaur bones become digestion.
Dinosaur eggs are preserved in a variety of shapes.
Dinosaur eggs come in many shapes and sizes from cannonballs to giant footballs.
Dinosaur eggs have hard shells to protect the babies on land.
Dinosaur extinction is still a major enigma of earth history.
Dinosaur footprints are rare and require specific events to occur for their preservation.
Dinosaur footprints step out of the sea.
Most dinosaur footprints are somewhat less than perfect.
Dinosaur fossils are hard to find anywhere, and even tougher to unearth on Long Island.
Dinosaur fossils are on display at the museum.
Dinosaur fossils are under state protection in China.
All dinosaur fossils are potentially important.
Dinosaur Island is a unique interactive simulation of real dinosaurs in their natural environment.
Dinosaur sex is a lively topic of debate and wonderful images spring to mind.
Dinosaur skeletons have teeth.
Dinosaur tracks are visible in a nearby creek bed.
Many dinosaur tracks have a nearly symmetrical pattern.
Dinosaur world is ideal for birthday parties, senior citizen outings and educational field trips.
Dinosaur world is the world's largest dinosaur attraction.
Dinosaur worlds is a child's first passport to real life in the time of dinosaurs.
A dinosaur is a reptile
Dinosaur eggshells as well as teeth and bones from tiny Mesozoic mammals are found as well.
Dinosaur is about as creative as a pile of mud, and only slightly more entertaining.
Dinosaur is an absolutely beautiful movie.
Dinosaur is firmly in Kipling territory.
Dinosaur is spectacular.
Dinosaur is too violent for little children.
Dinosaur isa reptile.
Dinosaur lacks that soul.
Dinosaur lies about dinosaurs.
Dinosaur provide an excellent end of the year unit when student interest is often strained.
Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation.
Dinosaur remains emerge from the ground as it erodes from wind and water exposure.
Dinosaur remains from the Triassic and middle Jurassic periods have also been found in Scotland.
Dinosaur remains of southern Arizona.
Dinosaur sounds and chirping birds added to the overall immersion factor.
Dinosaur tells the story of a resilient orphan raised by other creatures.
Dinosaur walks a fine line between reality and fantasy.
Dinosaur works much much better than the dinosaur segment in Fantasia , that film's only weak spot.
Dinosaurs adapt to environments.
Dinosaurs appear and disappear at the director's fancy.
Dinosaurs appear before mammals, for example, in the rocks.
Dinosaurs appear for the first time.
Dinosaurs appear occasionally.
Dinosaurs appear to be enjoying a renaissance as paleontologists find new species every year.
Dinosaurs are a constant amazement to children of all ages.
Dinosaurs are a favourite topic of primary school kids.
Dinosaurs are a funny subject.
Dinosaurs are a good way to introduce younger students to science.
Dinosaurs are a great intro to geology, science concepts and processes, and Earth science.
Dinosaurs are a group of ancient reptiles that had a set of particular skeletal features.
Dinosaurs are a group of animals descended from reptiles and the ancestors of birds.
Dinosaurs are a group of extinct lizards, who now exist only in fossil form.
Dinosaurs are a high interest topic for elementary students.
Dinosaurs are a key to science education and a vibrant field of scientific inquiry.
Dinosaurs are a popular topic with children.
Dinosaurs are a source of enormous fascination and ever-growing popularity with people of every age.
Dinosaurs are a very broad topic, and it is impossible to cover everything.
Dinosaurs are abundant in fossil record and appear to be the dominant terrestrial vert.
Dinosaurs are already on display that have never been on public view before.
Dinosaurs are also a popular scientific topic for which a tutorial is included.
Dinosaurs are always a hit with the kids.
Dinosaurs are always cool.
Dinosaurs are an enigma to both believer and non- believer.
Dinosaurs are an excellent vehicle to accomplish that goal.
Dinosaurs are ancient reptiles whose bones share characteristics with both reptiles and birds.
Dinosaurs are animals that evolved into many sizes and shapes.
Dinosaurs are animals.
Dinosaurs are as much a part of Texas history as people possibly more.
Dinosaurs are but one example.
Dinosaurs are capable of eats.
Dinosaurs are classified into subgroups on the basis of major skeletal features.
Dinosaurs are common in the youngest localities that preserve vertebrate fossils.
Dinosaurs are compelling to think about.
Dinosaurs are cool.
Dinosaurs are dead.
Dinosaurs are Different.
Dinosaurs Are Different.
Dinosaurs are dominant large mammals.
Dinosaurs are evolved from ancestry.
Dinosaurs are exciting.
Dinosaurs are extinct giant lizards.
Dinosaurs are extinct, kaput, dead.
Dinosaurs are forever fascinating in both fiction and nonfiction.
Dinosaurs are great for math, reading, science, history, and writing.
Dinosaurs are hot.
Dinosaurs are important biologically regardless of their metabolic rate.
Dinosaurs are in the Bible.
Dinosaurs are incredibly popular.
Dinosaurs are magnificent creatures.
Dinosaurs are merely animals which are now apparently extinct.
Dinosaurs are now extinct.
Dinosaurs are of great interest to children.
Dinosaurs are old.
Dinosaurs are one of the great success stories of evolution.
Dinosaurs are one of the oldest living animals in the state.
Dinosaurs are one of the things kids care most about, along with bugs.
Dinosaurs are only in books.
Dinosaurs are part of the Animal Kingdom.
Dinosaurs are party animals.
Dinosaurs are real.
Dinosaurs are real.
Dinosaurs are referred to in several Bible books.
Dinosaurs are reptiles and reptiles never stop growing.
Dinosaurs are reptiles, though.
Dinosaurs are reptiles.
Dinosaurs are second only to bugs and pets in general.
Dinosaurs are similar in many ways to present-day animals.
Dinosaurs are so popular with kids they sometimes outrank the family dog.
Dinosaurs are spectacular but rare finds.
Dinosaurs are symbolic of the ancient and the extinct.
Dinosaurs are the ancestors of modern birds.
Dinosaurs are the biggest animals ever to live on Earth.
Dinosaurs are the dominant reptile on land.
Dinosaurs are the incomparable outreach for the sciences.
Dinosaurs are the kind of thing most people dream about finding.
Dinosaurs are the most celebrated fossil organisms.
Dinosaurs are the most popular fossils.
Dinosaurs are too badass to be disliked.
Dinosaurs are universal topic of interest to students of all ages.
Dinosaurs are very interesting in many ways.
Dinosaurs are very popular as friends for kids.
Dinosaurs are wild animals.
Dinosaurs are wonderful.
Dinosaurs Be a prehistoric private eye and travel back in time.
Dinosaurs become extinct, thought to be because of a giant meteorite impact on Earth.
Dinosaurs become extinct.
Dinosaurs belong to a group of animals that have two holes in the skull behind the eye.
Dinosaurs belong to a group of reptiles known as archosaurs.
Dinosaurs belong to a larger group of animals called the archosaurs .
Dinosaurs bring wonder to children and adults alike.
Dinosaurs burst from the forest and the line of bikers raced up a steep hill.
Dinosaurs certainly qualify for blockbusterdom as do damn dirty apes.
Dinosaurs Check out seven lessons on dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs classify as theropods.
Dinosaurs come from eggs.
Dinosaurs come in many shapes and sizes.
Dinosaurs come up really easily, as do butterflies.
Dinosaurs continue to fascinate people of all ages.
Dinosaurs continue to fascinate young and old alike.
Dinosaurs create a lot of poop.
Dinosaurs do Exist.
Dinosaurs drank dino-juice.
Dinosaurs draw a crowd, but there's plenty more to discover here.
Dinosaurs eat angiosperms.
Dinosaurs eat either plants or meat.
Dinosaurs eat flower plants.
Dinosaurs eat lizards.
Dinosaurs eat man, woman inherits the earth.
Dinosaurs eat man.
Dinosaurs eat plants and dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs eat plants and some eat meat.
Dinosaurs eat plants.
Dinosaurs emerge from eggs.
Dinosaurs experience growth.
Dinosaurs extend their range throughout every continent.
Dinosaurs fascinate children.
Dinosaurs figure prominently in plans for the museum.
Dinosaurs give a prehistoric twist to a favorite strategy game.
Dinosaurs go berserk again.
Dinosaurs grow cells.
Dinosaurs has-part bones.
Dinosaurs has-part cheek.
Dinosaurs has-part eyes.
Dinosaurs has-part hearts.
Dinosaurs has-part hips.
Dinosaurs has-part jaws.
Dinosaurs has-part legs.
Dinosaurs has-part limbs.
Dinosaurs has-part organs.
Dinosaurs has-part skeletons.
Dinosaurs has-part spines.
Dinosaurs has-part teeth.
Dinosaurs has-part vertebrae.
Dinosaurs have (part) brains.
Dinosaurs have (part) breasts.
Dinosaurs have (part) cell membranes.
Dinosaurs have (part) cells.
Dinosaurs have (part) chest cavities.
Dinosaurs have (part) chests.
Dinosaurs have (part) corpi.
Dinosaurs have (part) cytoplasm.
Dinosaurs have (part) ears.
Dinosaurs have (part) faces.
Dinosaurs have (part) heads.
Dinosaurs have (part) nuclei.
Dinosaurs have (part) pedal extremities.
Dinosaurs have (part) plasma membranes.
Dinosaurs have (part) rib cages.
Dinosaurs have (part) sections.
Dinosaurs have (part) skulls.
Dinosaurs have (part) sterna.
Dinosaurs have (part) vacuoles.
Dinosaurs have (part) vertebrate feet.
Dinosaurs have average size.
Dinosaurs have biological mechanisms.
Dinosaurs have body size.
Dinosaurs have bones.
Dinosaurs have feet.
Dinosaurs have heads.
Dinosaurs have hearts.
Dinosaurs have hip bones.
Dinosaurs have individual variation.
Dinosaurs have jaws.
Dinosaurs have legs.
Dinosaurs have long necks.
Dinosaurs have long tails.
Dinosaurs have lungs.
Dinosaurs have mechanisms.
Dinosaurs have mouths.
Dinosaurs have necks.
Dinosaurs have pelves.
Dinosaurs have ranges.
Dinosaurs have rear legs.
Dinosaurs have sex.
Dinosaurs have shapes.
Dinosaurs have size.
Dinosaurs have spines.
Dinosaurs have stiff tails.
Dinosaurs have strong legs.
Dinosaurs have tails.
Dinosaurs have their ailments treated at the dinosaur hospital.
Dinosaurs have variation.
Dinosaurs hunt prey.
Dinosaurs include ancestors.
Dinosaurs inspire the imaginations of young and old alike.
Dinosaurs IS a cartoon.
Dinosaurs is a good starting point.
Dinosaurs is fearful.
Dinosaurs jump on beds and resist sleep.
Dinosaurs knock on doors.
Dinosaurs Learn all about many different dinosaurs here.
Dinosaurs live at same time.
Dinosaurs live at time.
Dinosaurs live during eras.
Dinosaurs live for years.
Dinosaurs live in areas.
Dinosaurs live in same areas.
Dinosaurs live in same general areas.
Dinosaurs live on earth.
Dinosaurs live on land and in water.
Dinosaurs lurk, volcanoes rumble and earthquakes topple kid-built structures.
Dinosaurs make expensive pets.
Dinosaurs move quickly, forcefully, and with some degree of intelligence.
Dinosaurs never lose their fascination for children.
Dinosaurs never see themselves as the source of their problems.
Dinosaurs offers numerous interactive elements.
Dinosaurs plans to open additional units in within one year.
Dinosaurs pose no problem for creation science.
Dinosaurs possess bones.
Dinosaurs possess teeth.
Dinosaurs probably live on today as the birds .
Dinosaurs provide no evidence for evolution.
Dinosaurs rank at the top of billions of species that thrived and then vanished forever.
Dinosaurs remain dominant but gradually decline in diversity and importance.
Dinosaurs represent failure and extinction.
Dinosaurs returns for an encore performance.
Dinosaurs roam in the isolated parts of the world.
Dinosaurs roam the earth.
Dinosaurs roam the land.
Dinosaurs roam tropical forests and swampland.
Dinosaurs See the dinosaur stampede.
Dinosaurs seem to be all the rage lately.
Dinosaurs share ancestors.
Dinosaurs spend the night in vast barns on the ground.
Dinosaurs stand on legs.
Dinosaurs survive for years.
Dinosaurs swallow food.
Dinosaurs swim, project electricity, and are radioactive.
Dinosaurs Take a virtual trip back in time to the land of the dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs take wing.
Dinosaurs tend to be preserved in sediments laid down by rivers and lakes.
Dinosaurs use fearsome jaws.
Dinosaurs use heads.
Dinosaurs use jaws.
Dinosaurs vary in size.
Dinosaurs walk on feet.
Dinosaurs walk on legs.
Dinosaurs wander across a landscape dotted with trees.
Dinosaurs win hands down.
Dinosaurs always attract attention.
All dinosaurs are extinct.
All dinosaurs are reptiles.
All dinosaurs have a hip socket that has a hole through it.
All dinosaurs have little human masters.
Many dinosaurs appear to have been equipped for a high level of activity.
Many dinosaurs have a massive skull and fearsome teeth, and a heavy long tail.
More dinosaurs are always useful to know.
More Dinosaurs are large.
Most dinosaurs adapt to environments.
Most dinosaurs are evolved from ancestry.
Most dinosaurs are reptiles under the first definition, all are under the second.
Most dinosaurs come from eggs.
Most dinosaurs eat angiosperms.
Most dinosaurs eat flower plants.
Most dinosaurs eat lizards.
Most dinosaurs eat plants.
Most dinosaurs emerge from eggs.
Most dinosaurs grow cells.
Most dinosaurs has-part bones.
Most dinosaurs has-part cheek.
Most dinosaurs has-part eyes.
Most dinosaurs has-part hearts.
Most dinosaurs has-part hips.
Most dinosaurs has-part jaws.
Most dinosaurs has-part legs.
Most dinosaurs has-part limbs.
Most dinosaurs has-part organs.
Most dinosaurs has-part skeletons.
Most dinosaurs has-part spines.
Most dinosaurs has-part teeth.
Most dinosaurs has-part vertebrae.
Most dinosaurs have average size.
Most dinosaurs have biological mechanisms.
Most dinosaurs have body size.
Most dinosaurs have bones.
Most dinosaurs have feet.
Most dinosaurs have Greek names.
Most dinosaurs have heads.
Most dinosaurs have hearts.
Most dinosaurs have hip bones.
Most dinosaurs have individual variation.
Most dinosaurs have jaws.
Most dinosaurs have legs.
Most dinosaurs have long necks.
Most dinosaurs have long tails.
Most dinosaurs have lungs.
Most dinosaurs have mechanisms.
Most dinosaurs have mouths.
Most dinosaurs have necks.
Most dinosaurs have pelves.
Most dinosaurs have ranges.
Most dinosaurs have rear legs.
Most dinosaurs have sex.
Most dinosaurs have shapes.
Most dinosaurs have size.
Most dinosaurs have spines.
Most dinosaurs have stiff tails.
Most dinosaurs have strong legs.
Most dinosaurs have tails.
Most dinosaurs have variation.
Most dinosaurs live at same time.
Most dinosaurs live at time.
Most dinosaurs live during eras.
Most dinosaurs live for years.
Most dinosaurs live in areas.
Most dinosaurs live in same areas.
Most dinosaurs live in same general areas.
Most dinosaurs live on earth.
Most dinosaurs possess teeth.
Most dinosaurs stand on legs.
Most dinosaurs survive for years.
Most dinosaurs use fearsome jaws.
Most dinosaurs use heads.
Most dinosaurs vary in size.
Most dinosaurs walk on feet.
Most dinosaurs walk on legs.
Some dinosaurs appear during periods.
Some dinosaurs appear in films.
Some dinosaurs are alive today.
Some dinosaurs are carnivores and some just eat plants.
Some dinosaurs are classified as sauropods.
Some dinosaurs are harder to understand.
Some dinosaurs are known as theropods.
Some dinosaurs are larger and stronger than others, and can bash straight through weak fences.
Some dinosaurs are meat eaters.
Some dinosaurs are plant eaters and some are meat eaters.
Some dinosaurs are really good at catching their dinner.
Some dinosaurs belong to families.
Some dinosaurs can be a lot of fun.
Some dinosaurs can run really really fast.
Some dinosaurs can swim and some can fly.
Some dinosaurs collect food.
Some dinosaurs conserve energy.
Some dinosaurs continue growth.
Some dinosaurs continue slow growth.
Some dinosaurs eat animals.
Some dinosaurs eat birds.
Some dinosaurs eat fish.
Some dinosaurs eat food.
Some dinosaurs eat fruit.
Some dinosaurs eat ginkgo fruit.
Some dinosaurs eat undergrowth.
Some dinosaurs enter fields.
Some dinosaurs exist today.
Some dinosaurs feed on grass.
Some dinosaurs fly and swim.
Some dinosaurs has-part glands.
Some dinosaurs have brains.
Some dinosaurs have breaths.
Some dinosaurs have cassowaries.
Some dinosaurs have enormous teeth.
Some dinosaurs have feathers.
Some dinosaurs have features.
Some dinosaurs have fingers.
Some dinosaurs have fire breaths.
Some dinosaurs have holes.
Some dinosaurs have lips.
Some dinosaurs have many features.
Some dinosaurs have many similar features.
Some dinosaurs have metabolism.
Some dinosaurs have pairs.
Some dinosaurs have patterns.
Some dinosaurs have sails.
Some dinosaurs have same patterns.
Some dinosaurs have skin.
Some dinosaurs have special features.
Some dinosaurs have spikes.
Some dinosaurs have teeth.
Some dinosaurs have toes.
Some dinosaurs have two brains, one in the head, another far down the spinal column.
Some dinosaurs have types.
Some dinosaurs inhabit earth.
Some dinosaurs kill dinosaurs.
Some dinosaurs know as sauropods.
Some dinosaurs live in groups.
Some dinosaurs live in regions.
Some dinosaurs live in water.
Some dinosaurs look for routes.
Some dinosaurs look like sauropods.
Some dinosaurs make sound.
Some dinosaurs make tracks.
Some dinosaurs make vertebrates.
Some dinosaurs possess arms.
Some dinosaurs provide evidence.
Some dinosaurs provide insight.
Some dinosaurs receive food.
Some dinosaurs recover from injuries.
Some dinosaurs survive in environments.
Some dinosaurs take advantage.
Some dinosaurs transmit sound.
Some dinosaurs turn into fossils.
Some dinosaurs walk on fourth toes.
Some dinosaurs walk on limbs.
Some dinosaurs walk on toes.
Dinosaurian posture is also suggestive.
Dinsdale soils are fine-silty.
Dinsdale soils are on convex ridges and side slopes on uplands.
Dinsdale soils have thinner Bt horizons.
A dint is an implementation
Dints hundredfold receive.
Diocesan advocates deny that the diocese is monolithic.
Many Diocesan boundaries are now as irrelevant and artificial as Parish boundaries.
All diocesan chapters are eligible to apply for funds.
Diocesan convention delegates.
Diocesan directives demand premarriage conferences and a certain amount of paper work.
Diocesan grants are available for families who meet the criteria.
Diocesan guidelines require extensive pre-marriage preparations.
Diocesan missioners are already active in Zimbabwe.
Diocesan partners have a voice in the content of the courses designed and offered.
Diocesan policy requires a financial audit prior to the consolidation of parishes.
Diocesan policy requires a minimum of six months preparation.
Diocesan policy states that each assigned priest can celebrate three liturgies per weekend.
Diocesan priests are on call at all hours to serve their parishioners in emergencies.
Diocesan priests are responsible to the bishop of the diocese.
Diocesan priests earn a salary and pay bills like any layperson.
Diocesan priests make no vows.
Diocesan priests make promises of celibacy and obedience to their bishop.
Diocesan priests make promises of celibacy and obedience.
Diocesan priests promise obedience to their bishop .
Diocesan priests take oaths of celibacy and obedience.
Diocesan priests volunteer to spend several years in mission parishes.
Diocesan priests vow to live simple lives in a rectory or in simple quarters.
Most diocesan priests are parish priests.
Most diocesan priests serve as parish priests.
Most diocesan priests work as parish priests or chaplains to hospitals.
Diocesan records cover the estates of bishops.
Diocesan support is projected to increase only by the effect of inflation.
Diocesan training is offered.
Diocesan weeklies published by the local bishop are no exception.
Diocesan youth retreat in Livonia.
Diocese boundaries have no relation to county boundaries, however.
Diocese plans own shutdown .
A diocese is jurisdiction
Dioceses adopt various different models and approaches for work with young people.
Dioceses are facilities.
Dioceses are geographical regions which are divided into smaller areas called parishes.
Dioceses are jurisdiction.
Dioceses are responsible to maintain their foreign student Immigration needs.
Dioceses are strong when their parishes are strong.
Dioceses can offer seminars and study days.
Dioceses can order custom-tagged versions of the televison messages for local use.
Dioceses have little relation to county boundaries.
Dioceses have the option of providing medical benefits to same-sex partners of clergy.
Dioceses join through the payment of dues.
Dioceses use a variety of national providers.
All dioceses have a vicar general.
Every diocese has a bishop.
Many diocese have a liturgical warehouse in which old church furnishings are kept.
Most dioceses are separately incorporated bodies untouched by the lawsuits.
Most dioceses have active respect life offices and parish pro-life committees.
Most dioceses have advisers on healing in general and deliverance in particular.
Most dioceses have staff members experienced in ministry review.
Most dioceses have their own local groups to undertake similar projects themselves.
Most dioceses now have specific legislation on the time and content of marriage preparations.
Most dioceses publish guidelines for councils.
Most dioceses require a program of preparation, so it is best to make early arrangements.
Some diocese have large research staffs whereas other's have none.
Some dioceses appear to be cracking down on standing.
Some dioceses have a set search fee.
Some dioceses have no cathedral.
Some dioceses have parishes that shine as examples of cultural diversity.
Some dioceses meet as a convocation.
Some dioceses take three years.
Diode lasers emit beams.
Most diode lasers produce infrared light.
A diode is semiconductor
Diode isa device.
Diodes allow a current to flow one way, preventing current from returning back.
Diodes also have intensity.
Diodes are basically a one-way valve for electrical current.
Diodes are electrical components.
Diodes are electronic components.
Diodes are made on small chips of silicon.
Diodes are non-linear.
Diodes are products.
Diodes are reset and ready to receive X-rays for the next line of the tire to be scanned.
Diodes are semiconductor devices.
Diodes are semiconductor.
Diodes are solid-state devices.
Diodes are the simplest of semiconductors.
Diodes are tiny chips of silicon that act as valves to allow current flow in only one direction.
Diodes are tubes.
Diodes are unusual puppies.
Diodes are used as rectifiers and detectors.
Diodes are vacuum tubes.
Diodes are very current sensitive.
Diodes come in several colors, including white.
Diodes direct the current to go one way.
Diodes emit beams.
Diodes exhibit a very similar forward voltage when they're conducting current.
Diodes have (part) sections.
Diodes have a band on the cathode and on the board.
Diodes have a multitude of uses.
Diodes have two failure modes.
Diodes have very narrow wavebands.
Diodes however are far more versatile devices than that.
Diodes make ideal harmonic generators.
Diodes rectify the alternating current into direct current.
Diodes send near infrared light into the superficial tissues.
Diodes separate the probe into discrete segments allowing single probe soil profiling.
All diodes ars germanium.
Most diodes emit beams.
Most diodes exibit a photoelectric effect that can cause measurement error.
Most diodes have a band which shows which end is the cathode.
Some diodes also have a characteristic that is imprecisely termed negative resistance .
Some diodes have operations.
Some diodes have voltage.
Some diodes provide light.
Some diodes reduce heat.
Some diodes take longer than others to develop high back resistance.
Dioecious animals have separate sexes.
Dioecious plants are angiosperms.
Dioecious plants are species.
Dioecious plants have flowers of only one sex per plant, such as ginkgo and holly.
Dioecious plants have male and female flowers on each individual.
Dioecious plants have only one sex of flower per plant.
Dioecious species exhibit sexual dimorphism with females being larger than males.
Dioecious species have high within population diversity reflecting obligate outcrossing.
Dioecious varieties originating in southern Europe give the highest stalk yields.
A diol is alcohol
Diols are alcohol.
Diols are much less likely to be converted to estrogens, also.
Diols contain two -OH groups.
Dionysiac scenes seem to have been the favored subject matter for cameo vessels.
Dionysian excess is replaced by the self-assertion of the tamed transcendent as a large machinery.
Dionysian frenzy threatens to destroy all forms and codes.
Dionysian qualities abound in some of the films under discussion.
Dionysian rapture is the central quality in art.
Dioon stems are moderate to large and accordingly, the cones are held well above the ground.
Most Dioons are from Mexico where they live in dry conditions, though a few are more tropical.
A diopter is an unit
Diopters are a unit of measure describing the ability to bend light.
Diopters are the units of measure for the strength or power of a lens.
Diopters are units of measurement.
Diopters can look nasty on a zoom.
A diorama is a picture
Diorama includes base with brick wall and fire escape.
Diorama is make basically of it.
Diorama needs to be placed on display for others to see.
A diorite is an igneous rock
Diorite isa material.
Diorite isa stuff.
Diorites contain sodium plagioclase.
Most dioritic gneiss is c.
Diotic presentation is when the same signal is presented to both ears over headphones.
Dioxane poisoning has poor warning properties.
Dioxide absorbs energy.
Dioxide affects climates.
Dioxide affects photosynthesis.
Dioxide affects respiration.
Dioxide becomes air.
Dioxide builds up in lungs.
Dioxide cans have consequences.
Dioxide causes breathe problems.
Dioxide causes health problems.
Dioxide causes problems.
Dioxide comes from waste.
Dioxide enters air.
Dioxide enters atmospheres.
Dioxide enters plants.
Dioxide enters tracheae.
Dioxide forms compounds.
Dioxide has growth.
Dioxide has impact.
Dioxide has origins.
Dioxide has plant growth.
Dioxide has roles.
Dioxide has significant impact.
Dioxide is produced by burn gasoline.
Dioxide is produced by gasoline.
Dioxide is produced by respiration.
Dioxide is released by bacteria.
Dioxide isa oxide.
Dioxide passes through membranes.
Dioxide produces during respiration.
Dioxide releases into air.
Most dioxide affects climates.
Most dioxide affects photosynthesis.
Most dioxide affects respiration.
Most dioxide becomes air.
Most dioxide builds up in lungs.
Most dioxide causes breathe problems.
Most dioxide causes health problems.
Most dioxide causes problems.
Most dioxide comes from waste.
Most dioxide enters air.
Most dioxide enters atmospheres.
Most dioxide enters tracheae.
Most dioxide has growth.
Most dioxide has impact.
Most dioxide has origins.
Most dioxide has plant growth.
Most dioxide has roles.
Most dioxide has significant impact.
Most dioxide is produced by burn gasoline.
Most dioxide is produced by gasoline.
Most dioxide is produced by respiration.
Most dioxide is released by bacteria.
Most dioxide passes through membranes.
Most dioxide produces during respiration.
Some dioxide acts as fertilizer.
Some dioxide affects plants.
Some dioxide boosts growth.
Some dioxide boosts plant growth.
Some dioxide builds up in blood.
Some dioxide combines with organic acid.
Some dioxide comes from burn coal.
Some dioxide comes from coal.
Some dioxide depends on saltiness.
Some dioxide enters aquatic autotrophs.
Some dioxide enters autotrophs.
Some dioxide enters containers.
Some dioxide enters earth.
Some dioxide enters hearts.
Some dioxide enters leaves.
Some dioxide enters tubes.
Some dioxide enters water.
Some dioxide flows into arteries.
Some dioxide flows into pulmonary arteries.
Some dioxide gets photosynthesis.
Some dioxide has brown color.
Some dioxide has characteristic brown color.
Some dioxide has color.
Some dioxide has germination.
Some dioxide has high partial pressure.
Some dioxide has high pressure.
Some dioxide has influence germination.
Some dioxide has partial pressure.
Some dioxide has pressure.
Some dioxide increases gas pressure.
Some dioxide increases pressure.
Some dioxide increases runoff.
Some dioxide is incorporated into compounds.
Some dioxide is produced by combustion.
Some dioxide is produced by growth.
Some dioxide is produced by ice.
Some dioxide kills animals.
Some dioxide limits photosynthesis.
Some dioxide needs for photosynthesis.
Some dioxide passes through skin.
Some dioxide produces as byproduct.
Some dioxide produces carbohydrates.
Some dioxide reacts with water.
Some dioxide releases into water.
Some dioxide releases oxygen.
Some dioxide removes gases.
Some dioxide removes toxic gases.
Some dioxide uses for photosynthesis.
Some dioxide wills have effects.
Dioxin compounds can have harmful effects on human reproductive and immune systems.
A dioxin is a hydrocarbon
Dioxin binds DNA and disrupts enzymes, hormones and growth.
Dioxin contains chlorine.
Dioxins also affect sperm count and damage the immune system.
Dioxins also appear to be more toxic to male embryos than to female embryos.
Dioxins also can come from natural sources, however.
Dioxins also turn up in fish, meat, and dairy products.
Dioxins appear to have a particularly powerful impact on the ovary.
Dioxins are a byproduct of herbicide production.
Dioxins are a by-product of incomplete incineration of medical and municipal waste.
Dioxins are a class of dangerous chemicals which accumulate in body fat.
Dioxins are a group of chemicals known to increase the likelihood of cancer.
Dioxins are a groups of highly toxic chemicals, which are known to cause cancer.
Dioxins are a product of combustion.
Dioxins are also highly persistent in the environment.
Dioxins are among the most deadly pollutants.
Dioxins are among the most poisonous man-made chemicals.
Dioxins are among the most potent chemicals known that affect gene regulation.
Dioxins are among the most potent toxic chemicals ever studied.
Dioxins are among the most potent toxic chemicals known.
Dioxins are among the most toxic molecules known from laboratory studies.
Dioxins are another branch of dangerous and persistent chemicals.
Dioxins are byproducts of producing or burning substances that contain chlorine.
Dioxins are carcinogenic and harm the reproductive and immune systems.
Dioxins are chemical contaminants that have no commercial usefulness by themselves.
Dioxins are chemicals viewed as even more toxic than PCBs.
Dioxins are chlorine byproducts that are most abundant in dairy products and fatty meats.
Dioxins are deadly.
Dioxins are especially dangerous to children.
Dioxins are everywhere.
Dioxins are extraordinarily toxic molecules.
Dioxins are extremely resistant to chemical and biological cleanup processes.
Dioxins are extremely toxic for Guinea pigs, but a thousand times less toxic for other animals.
Dioxins are extremely toxic, and can harm living organisms at the level of parts per billion.
Dioxins are fat-soluble, and accumulate in organisms from dietary sources.
Dioxins are global pollutants that exist primarily as a result of certain industrial practices.
Dioxins are highly toxic at very low levels.
Dioxins are hydrocarbons.
Dioxins are long-lived and extremely poisonous to some animals.
Dioxins are long-lived in the environment and can accumulatein the tissues of animals and humans.
Dioxins are more than carcinogens.
Dioxins are one of many organic chemicals released by all fires including the burning of carcasses.
Dioxins are one of the most toxic chemicals known to man.
Dioxins are one of the most toxic chemicals known to science.
Dioxins are one of the most toxic compounds known to man.
Dioxins are persistent, toxic and bioaccumulative substances.
Dioxins are potent cancer-causing agents.
Dioxins are potent carcinogens and endocrine disrupters that can cause birth defects.
Dioxins are present in the environment primarily because of the burning of fuels, wood and waste.
Dioxins are probable human carcinogens and can cause a type of dermatitis in humans.
Dioxins are strong human carcinogens, especially brain cancers.
Dioxins are supremely toxic by-products of many industrial processes, especially incineration.
Dioxins are the byproducts of combustion processes.
Dioxins are the most toxic of the substances the labs searched for.
Dioxins are the unwanted by-products of the manufacture of herbicides.
Dioxins are toxic byproducts of industrial processes and combustion.
Dioxins are toxic chemical contaminants.
Dioxins are toxic substances created during the incineration process.
Dioxins are ubiquitous environmental contaminants with multiple, endocrine disruptive actions.
Dioxins are unwanted byproducts of human activities.
Dioxins are unwanted by-products of industrial processes, especially waste incineration.
Dioxins are very potent toxins that have been found to cause cancers.
Dioxins are widespread, highly toxic, environmental pollutants.
Dioxins bring about a wide spectrum of biochemical and toxic effects in experimental animals.
Dioxins can alter the fundamental growth and development of cells in ways that lead to cancer.
Dioxins can wreak such havoc because they are very soluble in fats and oils.
Dioxins cause changes in hormonal levels and molecular reactions when it enters animal cells.
Dioxins damage the human immune system.
Dioxins get into the bodies of people and wildlife primarily through food.
Dioxins have a wide range of toxic effects.
Dioxins have no use as such.
Dioxins have two phenyl rings connected by two oxygen atoms.
Dioxins intensify cancers which other toxics begin.
Dioxins occur as mixtures.
Dioxins resist natural breakdown, persist for decades, and accumulate in the human body.
Dioxins take time to build up on grass and can be washed away.
Many dioxins cause cancer.
Some dioxins are among the most toxic of all chemical pollutants.
Dip coating is well suited for high production painting of relatively simple shapes.
Dip nets keep hands dry and warm when reaching for slippery minnows.
Dip netting is a great way to collect invertebrates and fish.
Dip netting is labor intensive and inaccurate and the stress of culling kills other stock.
Dip pens consist of a pen holder where a nib can be inserted.
Dip sauces make from vinegar.
Most dip sauces make from vinegar.
A dip is a thief
Dip balls first into eggwhite, then in chopped almonds, place on baking sheet.
Dip balls into mixture and thoroughly coat.
Dip sandwiches in batter and grill.
Dip sandwiches in batter to cover all surfaces.
Dip sandwiches in egg mixture and cook until brown.
Dip sandwiches in egg mixture, coating well.
Dip sandwiches in egg mixture, then grill on both sides.
Dip sandwiches in egg, then in bread crumbs.
Dip sandwiches into egg mixture to coat each side.
Dip sandwiches into egg mixture until well coated on both sides.
Dip sandwiches into sugar mix.
Dip sandwiches into the beaten egg lightly.
Dip satay in a peanut gravy.
Dip slides in double distilled water for one minute.
Dip sponge into glaze whenever necessary.
Dip toothpick into cocoa powder and spread gently across the top of the bee bodies to make stripes.
Dip tortillas into hot oil for a few seconds to soften.
Dip tortillas into sauce allowing sauce to cover both sides.
Dip tortillas into sauce, covering both sides.
Dip tortillas once in pan of hot oil to soften.
Dip yarn in.
Dips are always a great additions to lunches.
Dips are angles.
Dips are another good place to add some vegetables that have been blended until imperceptible.
Dips are appetizer.
Dips are candles.
Dips are condiments.
Dips are depressions.
Dips are flavorful, finger-friendly and fun.
Dips are primary.
Dips are swimming.
Dips can be low-calorie or they can be fattening.
Dips can fill with mud and rises can have airlocks and prevent drainage.
Dips commonly contain either permethrin or chlorpyrifos.
Dips Make some great homemade dips and chips.
Dips require minimal annual maintenance and continue to function years after abandonment.
Dips slope outward to divert water down slopes.
Dips strands into bleaching and dyeing solutions to obtain desired color.
Dips target the triceps and the extension works the quads.
DIPs tend to be low fee and offer more extra services like IRAs.
Dips work the shoulders, upper back and triceps.
All dips are present but in different locations.
Any dip becomes a buying opportunity that leads to a new high.
Any dip is likely to be followed by a lower dip.
Every dip is a buying opportunity.
Many dips are present in the same place.
A diphenhydramine is antihistamine
Diphenhydramine helps if there is pruritis.
Diphenoxylate hydrochloride is chemically related to the narcotic analgesic meperidine.
Diphenoxylate hydrochloride is devoid of morphine-like subjective effects at therapeutic doses.
Diphtheria antitoxin is administered to counteract the toxic reaction from the bacillus.
Diphtheria antitoxin is used in the treatment of diphtheria.
Diphtheria toxin causes the serious manifestations of diphtheria.
Diphtheria toxin has an alpha, beta structural motif connected by loops.
Diphtheria vaccination stimulates the production of antitoxin, which protects against the toxin.
Diphtheria vaccine is always combined with vaccines for other diseases.
A diphtheria is contagion
Diphtheria are present.
Diphtheria are serious diseases.
Diphtheria begins as a respiratory infection with strident coughing and fever.
Diphtheria can also infect the skin, causing lesions similar to impetigo.
Diphtheria can attack the heart and lead to paralysis.
Diphtheria can be a very serious infection.
Diphtheria can block the airway, making it impossible to breathe.
Diphtheria can block the airway, making it possible to breath.
Diphtheria can cause blockage of the airway, making it impossible to breathe.
Diphtheria can cause damage to the ciliary nerves and is often seen with palatal paralysis.
Diphtheria can cause difficulty breathing, paralysis, and heart problems.
Diphtheria can cause paralysis, breathing and heart problems, and even death.
Diphtheria can cause serious complications such as paralysis, heart failure, and blood disorders.
Diphtheria can cause severe sickness of the nose and throat.
Diphtheria can lead to breathing problems, heart failure, paralysis and death.
Diphtheria can lead to breathing problems, heart failure, paralysis and sometimes death.
Diphtheria can lead to heart failure, paralysis and death.
Diphtheria causes a coating in the nose, throat, or airway.
Diphtheria causes a membrane to grow around the inside of the throat.
Diphtheria causes a thick coating in the nose, throat or airway.
Diphtheria causes a thick covering in the back of the throat.
Diphtheria causes inflammation of the throat, nose and tonsils, and a high fever.
Diphtheria constitutes an epidemic in Russia and the number of cases continues to rise.
Diphtheria has a high carrier rate in immunized hosts.
Diphtheria is a disease caused by bacteria that usually affect the tonsils, throat, nose, or skin.
Diphtheria is a disease seen infrequently in the United States.
Diphtheria is a disease that attacks the throat and heart.
Diphtheria is a disease that causes a thick coating in the nose, throat, or airway.
Diphtheria is a disease, caused by a bacteria.
Diphtheria is a medical emergency.
Diphtheria is a rare cause.
Diphtheria is a rare disease in most developed countries owing to routine vaccination of children.
Diphtheria is a respiratory disease which causes nasal discharge, fever, malaise and sore throat.
Diphtheria is a respiratory disease.
Diphtheria is a respiratory illness that spreads through the bloodstream and attacks the organs.
Diphtheria is a serious disease causes by poison produced from the bacteria.
Diphtheria is a serious disease of the nose, throat and skin.
Diphtheria is a severe and sometimes life-threatening illness.
Diphtheria is a very serious disease which can affect people in different ways.
Diphtheria is a very serious disease.
Diphtheria is a very serious infection of the nose and throat.
Diphtheria is an acute bacterial disease that usually affects the tonsils, throat, nose or skin.
Diphtheria is an acute infectious disease.
Diphtheria is an acute, sometimes fatal, disease caused by a bacillus.
Diphtheria is an excellent case study on the impact of immunization policy and practice changes.
Diphtheria is an infection of the respiratory tract and a major killer in developing countries.
Diphtheria is an infection of the throat that can hurt the heart or the lungs.
Diphtheria is an infection of the throat, mouth and nose.
Diphtheria is an infection that attacks the throat, mouth and nose.
Diphtheria is caused by a bacteria that infects the nose, throat, and vocal cords.
Diphtheria is common in many parts of the world.
Diphtheria is endemic and epidemic in Spain.
Diphtheria is epidemic in Spain.
Diphtheria is most common in areas where people live in crowded conditions with poor sanitation.
Diphtheria is most common in low socioeconomic groups where people live in crowded conditions.
Diphtheria is potentially fatal, and mortality increases with delay in diagnosis.
Diphtheria is serious disease caused by poison or toxin produced by certain bacteria.
Diphtheria is spread by the cough, saliva, or mucus of a person who has it.
Diphtheria is transmitted through contact with an infected person or a carrier of the disease.
Diphtheria is uncommon in the United States.
Diphtheria is very expensive to treat.
Diphtheria remains a clinical problem in imigrant children and undocumented aliens.
Diphtheria remains a serious disease throughout much of the world.
Diphtheria remains endemic in developing countries.
Diphtheria requires special procedures .
Diphtheria spreads from person to person very easily.
Diphtheria spreads from Spain through Europe to England and America.
Diphtheria spreads in droplets of moisture from the mouth, nose, or throat of an infected person.
Diphtheria spreads when germs pass from an infected person to the nose or throat of others.
Diphtheria spreads when germs pass from one person to the nose or throat of others.
Diphtherias are bacterial infection.
Diphtherias are contagious diseases.
Diphtherias are diseases.
Diphtheria usually affects the tonsils, throat, nose, or skin.
Diphtheria usually attacks the throat and nose.
Diphtheria usually occurs in children of preschool age.
Many diphthong combinations can cause flatting.
Diphthong quality is described by an intermediate uncertain boundary.
A diphthong is a vowel
Diphthongs are also able to be constructed using a combination of two vowels.
Diphthongs are contours.
Diphthongs are digraphs.
Diphthongs are more than one vowel together.
Diphthongs are vowels.
Diphthongs involve gliding pitches.
Diphthongs tend to disappear here, turning into simple vowels.
All diphthongs are simple combinations of the component letters.
Diplex filters have a nasty habit of having lots of group delay near band edges.
Diplobiontic organisms have sporic meiosis.
Diplocladon females are completely larviform and occur with the larvae in soil and litter.
Diplodocoid teeth are even more extreme.
Diploid cells are cells that have pairs of chromosomes.
Diploid cells are cells with a full set of chromosomes.
Diploid cells have copies of both parents ' chromosomes and DNA .
Diploid cells have two alleles per trait, with one allele being donated from each parent.
Diploid cells have two complete sets of chromosomes.
Diploid cells have two complete sets of DNA, one set from each parent.
Diploid cells have two homologous copies of each chromosome .
Diploid cells possess pairs of homologous chromosomes.
Diploid counts increase across the zone from east to west.
Diploid cultivars have two alleles.
Diploid daylilies are easier to cross than tetraploids.
Diploid daylilies have the normal chromosome number in the cells of the plant.
Diploid eggs develop parthenogenetically, i.e., without fertilization, to produce females.
Diploid germ undergoes meiosis.
Diploid individuals are unlikely to perform as well in areas where tetraploids are more common.
Diploid individuals undergo meiosis.
Most diploid individuals undergo meiosis.
Diploid males are known to be produced by inbreeding in many ant, bee, and wasp species.
Some diploid nuclei go through meiosis.
Diploid organisms carry two copies of each gene, one derived from each parent.
Diploid organisms contain two copies of each gene.
Diploid organisms have a pair of sex chromosomes.
Diploid organisms have two alleles for each trait.
Most diploid organisms are heterozygous since they get one copy of their genome from each parents.
Diploid phase is short lived and undergoes meiosis, producing haploid spores.
Diploid phases take places.
Most diploid phases take places.
Diploid plants produce sporangia, within which meiosis produces haploid spores.
Some diploid plants produce cones.
Some diploid plants produce male cones.
Some diploid plants produce spores.
Diploid pollen is produced by plants.
Most diploid pollen is produced by plants.
Diploid races live in the formerly unfrozen glacial valleys.
Diploid races prefer acidic, tetraploid races basic soils.
Diploid seed is available most of the year and triploid seed is available on special order.
Diploid species reproduce sexually and are normally self-incompatible.
Diploid spores undergo meiosis.
Most diploid spores undergo meiosis.
Some diploid spores grow into gametophytes.
Diploid sporophytes have simple structures.
Diploid sporophytes have structures.
Diploid sporophytes produce diploid spores.
Diploid sporophytes produce haploid spores.
Diploid sporophytes produce spores.
Most diploid sporophytes have simple structures.
Most diploid sporophytes have structures.
Most diploid sporophytes produce diploid spores.
Most diploid sporophytes produce haploid spores.
Some diploid sporophytes have copies.
Diploid stage produces spores called sporophytes.
Diploid strains are useful for examining dominance relationships between alleles.
Diploid strains have larger asexual spores because of the increase in nuclear volume.
Diploid tumors are also more responsive to hormonal therapy.
Diploid tumors have a more favorable outcome than either tetraploid or aneuploid tumors.
A diploid is an organism
Diploids are organisms.
Diploids produce abundant viable seed whereas triploids are sexually sterile.
Diploids produce haploid spores by meiosis, a set of two special divisions of the cell nucleus.
Diploids stop or slow growth in winter and most available energy is diverted to gametogenesis.
Diploids undergo meiosis and sporulation when starved.
Some diploids are extremely resistant to psyllids.
Diploidy is a condition
Diploidy is restored when opposite gametes combine at fertilization.
Diploidy is transient, haploidy is the norm.
Diploidy refers to the condition in which individuals have two sets of genes, one from each parent.
Diploma ceremonies follow at individual locations.
All diploma courses provide industry field experience placements and job search support.
Diploma mills offer frivolous qualifications for money and little or no work.
Many diploma mills claim to be accredited, either nationally or locally.
All diploma programs have college-support courses taught at another institution.
Diploma thesis are usually part of our research projects.
A diploma is a certificate
Diplomas allow graduates to improve their qualification in a specific area.
Diplomas are available approximately six months after graduation.
Diplomas are available approximately six to eight weeks after graduation.
Diplomas are available immediately after the ceremony in the rooms where candidates robed.
Diplomas are available with or without frames.
Diplomas are certificates.
Diplomas are credentials.
Diplomas are legal forms.
Diplomas are located in frames.
Diplomas are ready for pickup approximately three months after graduation.
Diplomas involve course work only.
Diplomas mean little in the parental involvement discussion.
All diplomas are available including bachelors, masters and doctorates.
All diplomas are the same size.
Every diploma ought to mean something.
A diplomacy is tact
Diplomacies are books.
Diplomacies are games.
Diplomacies are negotiation.
Diplomacy allows players to bribe their ways into competitors hearts and forge strained alliances.
Diplomacy breeds more diplomacy.
Diplomacy can at least halt the progress of even the mightiest war machines.
Diplomacy can create that environment of international norms and procedures.
Diplomacy can establish guidelines and broader frameworks for cooperation.
Diplomacy can offer it face saving ways to compromise.
Diplomacy can work if given enough time, support and creativity.
Diplomacy happens a lot when two or more countries fight .
Diplomacy happens a lot when two or more countries fight.
Diplomacy has it's place, but too often the United States backs down.
Diplomacy has many methods.
Diplomacy has to be backed up by action.
Diplomacy here is the key.
Diplomacy is a board game that has found new life being played through the internet.
Diplomacy is a communication process that has three main elements.
Diplomacy is a far better game.
Diplomacy is a fundamental human activity, conducted between people as well as among nations.
Diplomacy is a game of lies and treachery.
Diplomacy is a game of skill and cunning negotiations.
Diplomacy is a good example.
Diplomacy is a highly important skill that many people confuse with being politically correct.
Diplomacy is a high-risk business on which the security of America relies.
Diplomacy is a key objective of regionalization efforts.
Diplomacy is a particularly unwelcome option, unless it's pursued under the gun.
Diplomacy is a useful skill in a game where feelings and egos are involved.
Diplomacy is a very impressive game.
Diplomacy is a vital tool of statecraft.
Diplomacy is absolutely essential, and social partner dancing is vital.
Diplomacy is always the promotable trait.
Diplomacy is America's first line of defense.
Diplomacy is an ancient art, and some of the historical functions of diplomacy are still important.
Diplomacy is an interesting subject.
Diplomacy is and always was the single most important part of the game.
Diplomacy is another board game.
Diplomacy is as important as moving resources, for success in both areas is the only way to victory.
Diplomacy is at most of marginal utility in the fight against terrorism.
Diplomacy is available in all respected game stores.
Diplomacy is begun.
Diplomacy is critical when interacting with other team members.
Diplomacy is essential here.
Diplomacy is everything.
Diplomacy is evidence of partial language.
Diplomacy is here in part a euphemism for bribery.
Diplomacy is important .
Diplomacy is important, however.
Diplomacy is important.
Diplomacy is impossible without military strength, for no one respects weakness.
Diplomacy is in order here.
Diplomacy is just the continuation of war by other means.
Diplomacy is much more complex.
Diplomacy is no longer a barrier when it comes to children.
Diplomacy is no longer a fashionable profession.
Diplomacy is no longer the only realm of American ambassadors.
Diplomacy is one approach for resolving conflicts.
Diplomacy is one failing, in some ways.
Diplomacy is one of the most important tools for solving international political conflicts.
Diplomacy is our nation's first line of defense.
Diplomacy is played entirely without dice or any other luck based rules.
Diplomacy is prevention, our first line of defense.
Diplomacy is public relations.
Diplomacy is reason in action among men.
Diplomacy is so preferable to military action.
Diplomacy is the art of avoiding the appearance of victory.
Diplomacy is the art of fishing tranquilly in troubled waters.
Diplomacy is the art of getting others to help.
Diplomacy is the art of saying good doggie while looking for a bigger stick.
Diplomacy is the art of the possible.
Diplomacy is the best game ever made.
Diplomacy is the best policy.
Diplomacy is the first tool, along with political and economic external pressures as appropriate.
Diplomacy is the key to success today.
Diplomacy is the key.
Diplomacy is the latest weapon being deployed against illegal immigrants to Australia.
Diplomacy is the lowest form of politeness because it misquotes the greatest number of people.
Diplomacy is the most cost-effective method to engage in and influence the world.
Diplomacy is the name of the game in politics.
Diplomacy is the name of the game.
Diplomacy is the political contact between governments of different states.
Diplomacy is the power of strategy, verbal skills and language skills.
Diplomacy is the talk between two or more countries ' heads of state .
Diplomacy is the talk between two or more countries' heads of state.
Diplomacy is the verbal art of pleasing most of the people most of the time.
Diplomacy is to do and say the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
Diplomacy is usually the first choice.
Diplomacy is, in fact, our first line of defense.
Diplomacy lacks a domestic constituency.
Diplomacy means all parties can express their interests honestly.
Diplomacy means knowing when to change copy and when to leave well enough alone.
Diplomacy remains our preferred option.
Diplomacy requires a great deal of prioritizing.
Diplomacy starts now.
Diplomacy works only if it's backed up by force.
Diplomacy works only if there's a credible threat of force behind it.
Diplomacy often requires planning, consistent pressure, and patience.
All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
A diplomat is an official
Diplomat experience a plus.
Diplomat is desirable.
Diplomat thinks twice before saying nothing.
Diplomats admit that interest in the region is likely to wane.
Diplomats also enjoy more advantageous conditions.
Diplomats also visit our office.
Diplomats are a different breed.
Diplomats are bands.
Diplomats are far from illiterate.
Diplomats are invited only as a courtesy, committee officials say.
Diplomats are just as essential in starting a war as soldiers are in finishing it.
Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it.
Diplomats are mediators.
Diplomats are never more cautious than when they speak about North Korea.
Diplomats are officials.
Diplomats are representatives from one nation who conduct relations with another.
Diplomats are strange convoluted non humans.
Diplomats are workers.
Diplomats avoid talk of ground troops.
Diplomats believe the irregulars are likely to cause problems for implementing the peace settlement.
Diplomats concede that the chasm between effort and achievement here is vast.
Diplomats confirm that the two have declined Canadian representation, but have Canadian accents.
Diplomats describe Brussels as a comfortable posting.
Diplomats describe it as a 'basic structure'.
Diplomats face new drunk-driving rules .
Diplomats fear a new Balkan war as destructive as the one in Bosnia.
Diplomats go and visit places all the time.
Diplomats go into China to calm tension.
Diplomats have the experience and understand what it is like to be new in a new country.
Diplomats have to be pragmatic in dealing with political, economic and humanitarian problems.
Diplomats like to say they're realists.
Diplomats make it their business to conceal the facts.
Diplomats pursue it.
Diplomats receive all membership benefits listed above.
Diplomats removals Same as above.
Diplomats require diplomatic visas.
Diplomats say it is better to work behind the scenes.
Diplomats say it is stuck somewhere between the first two stages.
Diplomats say stakes are high.
Diplomats say that Prague is keen to keep any parliamentary amendment to a brief appendix.
Diplomats say that so far little has been done to meet the demands.
Diplomats say the Chinese delegation is awaiting instructions from Beijing before taking a stand.
Diplomats say traumatised residents fear a renewed outbreak of fighting.
Diplomats serve as hosts for tours and are available to anyone desiring assistance.
Diplomats tell lies to journalists and then believe what they read.
Diplomats tracking the talks offer a more positive interpretation.
Diplomats wonder how one of the poorest countries in the world found the money.
Diplomats sometimes talk about a different sort of balance of payments.
Diplomats usually possess an uncanny mastery over speech.
Many diplomats agree.
Many diplomats have law degrees.
Most diplomats despise truth, law and Torah.
Some diplomats favour making disputes panel hearings public.
Some diplomats prefer brie and roquefort.
Some diplomats say a compromise is still possible if both leaders want one.
Some diplomats say it is too early to declare the conference agenda in trouble.
Diplomate status indicates further advanced training and experience in a specific field.
Diplomate status reflects editorial proficiency at the mastery level.
Diplomatic achievement tends to be evaluated by the timing and skill of media use.
Diplomatic appointments are also available.
Diplomatic campaigns are the great task of government.
Diplomatic circles say that Greece has now to respond to the calls for dialogue made by Turkey.
Diplomatic communications are underway.
Diplomatic contacts are limited.
Diplomatic costs are miniscule compared to the cost of warfare.
Diplomatic crises are a great big fun-filled pi ata for a media critic.
Diplomatic defections is subject of hot discussions within the regime.
Diplomatic discussions are no idle academic debates.
Diplomatic efforts are at least as important, especially in the last decade.
Diplomatic efforts are at least as in important, especially in the last decade.
Diplomatic efforts are on to find a way out to the volatile situation in the Mideast .
Diplomatic endeavours seem to conceal current Arab weaknesses.
Diplomatic etiquette demands the maintenance of the pretence that nothing has really changed.
Diplomatic experts are more competent to deal with the problem.
Diplomatic historians can.
Diplomatic historians cite a number of causes.
Diplomatic historians say such scholars have been sleeping through a renaissance.
Diplomatic influence is an empirical measure of dissatisfaction within the dyad.
Diplomatic initiatives can really be important here.
Diplomatic liposuction increases the truth's appeal.
Diplomatic manuscripts relating to the Barbary War are rare.
Diplomatic means is the only way.
A diplomatic mission is a delegation
Diplomatic Missions Provides the contact addresses of diplomatic missions to South Africa.
Diplomatic negotiations are in progress to secure the return of the capsule to Germany.
Diplomatic negotiations involve finding new expressions.
Diplomatic precedence is the result of international agreement.
Diplomatic recognition is secondary.
Diplomatic relations are also strained as a result of differing interpretations of the war.
Diplomatic relations are of course important.
Diplomatic relations are the focus of the second half of the book.
Diplomatic relations are unchanged.
Diplomatic relations break off.
Diplomatic relations can be fine-tuned.
Diplomatic relations carry no conditions.
Diplomatic relations has to be strengthened with nations that feel challenged or threatened.
Diplomatic skills are doubtless a requirement for an interpreter skilled in several languages.
Diplomatic sources have even better evidence.
Diplomatic sources indicate that a formal visit to the Jordanian royal palace is also contemplated.
Diplomatic sources maintain that all sticking points but one have been sorted out.
Diplomatic sources say Britain is orchestrating an offensive against the rebels.
Diplomatic studies deals chiefly with the processes of conducting diplomacy.
Diplomatic ties are another important means of consolidating national security.
Diplomatic ties continue too.
A dipole antenna is an antenna
Dipole antennas are used for many different things .
Dipole antennas are used for many different things.
Dipole antennas require no ground plane.
Dipole magnets are able to bend a particle beam.
Dipole magnets work as a lens to focus the electron beam.
A dipole moment is a moment
Dipole moment is also a vector quantity.
Dipole moment is the charge times the distance of the two charges.
Dipole moments are moments.
Dipole moments can serve as a typical example of such properties.
Dipole speakers are speakers that radiate sound equally from opposite sides.
A dipole is a couple
Dipole antennas and arrays.
Dipole cryostat assembly in progress.
DIPOle prints the resultant induced multipoles at each of the atoms.
Dipoles are antennas.
Dipoles are couples.
Dipoles are good antennas for beginners because they are so easy to make and erect.
Dipoles can also occur in the solid state.
Dipoles occur everywhere in electromagnetic nature.
Most dipole arrays use just one driven element and all the others are passive or parasitic elements.
Dipped arrows are a major step forward in the struggle to recover wounded game.
Dipped headlights are compulsory in bad light.
Dipped headlights are mandatory when driving, even in daytime.
A dipper is a ladle
Dipper is a great sidekick.
Dipper is a new arrival at the shelter and is being evaluated.
Dipper isa vessel.
Dippers are a lot of fun to watch even though there size is small, and their plumage is grey.
Dippers are birds.
Dippers are ladles.
Dippers can dip.
Dippers can dive and propel themselves under the water with swimming motions of their wings.
Dippers feed almost exclusively underwater on larval forms of aquatic insects.
Dippers go about their business on the fast flowing rivers.
Dippers have (part) brims.
Dippers have (part) handles.
Dippers have (part) sections.
Dippers have transparent eyelids which act as goggles and flaps that cover their nostrils.
Dippers Make spears out of pineapple, pears, apples and melons to dip in nonfat flavored yogurt.
Dippers use hoists to immerse racks or baskets of items in vats of paint.
D'Ippolito campaign hands out literature at supermarkets.
Diprotic acids can release two hydrogen ions per molecule.
A dipsomania is a mania
Dipsomania is full of interest to psychology.
Dipsomania pays tribute to American music.
A dipstick is a gage
Dipsticks are available that also measure specific gravity in approximations.
Dipteran pests are diverse in biology and behaviour.
A dipteran is an insect
Dipterans also produce induced antibacterial proteins.
Dipterans are an important group of insects and have a considerable impact on the environment.
Dipterans are endopterygotes , insects that undergo radical metamorphosis.
Dipterans are important components of aquatic and terrestrial food webs.
Many dipterans serve roles that are useful to humans.
Dipterocarp forests are the common feature of the region.
Dirac notation is a representation of a vector without an explicit choice of a basis.
Dirac notation is introduced and used in the description of angular momentum and electron spin.
Dirac operator offer insight into topology on the lattice.
Dire consequences await the United States if it fails to react forcefully to international roguery.
Dire consequences follow deviation from the national platform.
Dire consequences result for one of the women.
Some dire consequences are foreseeable here.
Dire predictions concerning the airline and finance industries are also exaggerated.
Dire times call for bold solutions.
Dire warnings are definitely unwelcome killjoys.
Dire wolves are for all intents and purposes an ancestor of the more typical wolf.
Dire wolves have large teeth to bite their preys.
Some dire wolves emerge from different locations.
Some dire wolves emerge from locations.
Some dire wolves show brain cavities.
Some dire wolves show cavities.
Direct abortion is never a morally tolerable option.
Every direct abortion is equally wrong, and every pre-born child is equally deserving of protection.
Direct access allows a patient to see a physical therapist without the referral from a physician.
Direct access allows much better understanding of our global neighbors.
Direct access appears to provide a different opportunity.
Direct access can be more expensive than conventional online trading.
Direct access can greatly increase the availability and usage of preventive services.
Direct access encourages preventive care so that issues are resolved before they become problems.
Direct access hems users in a static framework.
Direct access is also available to the public through the authority.
Direct access is another.
Direct access is automatically available to all callback customers .
Direct access is available at any point on the exhibition floor and more meeting rooms.
Direct access is available for the events of the current month .
Direct access is available from any networked computer with Internet access.
Direct access is available to all databases via the directory menus and information pages.
Direct access is blocked by private property.
Direct access is important.
Direct access is key because it represents the core of what is meant by market competition.
Direct access is key to the success of learning to use the computer as a design tool.
Direct access is often limited and hampers efforts to maintain adequate watersheds.
Direct access is one program that cuts costs while maintaining a superior level of care.
Direct access is provided below for each title.
Direct access is provided from the stalls and grooming areas to the arena.
Direct access is the key.
Direct access occurs when a caller depresses a talk key.
Direct access provides a means of logging into ingenta without needing a username and password.
Direct access remains an essential initiative to the survival and prosperity of our profession.
Direct access See random access .
Direct access using the above protocols is blocked by our firewall.
Direct accessibility has advantages in cost, availability, and inclusiveness.
A direct action is a protest
Direct action can bring about change.
Direct action can range from traditional strike action to active sabotage.
Direct action can work when nothing else can.
Direct action gets the goods.
Direct action has a long and esteemed tradition.
Direct action has a long, honourable history in Britain.
Direct action has participatory decision-making.
Direct action imposes a creative tension into the conflict.
Direct action is a form.
Direct action is another.
Direct action is both morally justified and historically effective.
Direct action is indispensable in upping our power against that of capital.
Direct action is most effective when it illustrates the injustice it seeks to correct.
Direct action is one of our main strategies.
Direct action is our tool.
Direct action is potentially dangerous.
Direct action is the antidote for apathy.
Direct action is the driving force behind the new unrest.
Direct action is the key to implementing successful prevention programs.
Direct action is the name of the game here.
Direct action means turning our political ideals into concrete confrontation.
Direct action puts muscle behind the words of the environmental movement.
Direct action releases our collective power.
Direct action shifts some power back to ordinary people through recognising their ability to act.
Direct action works if it polarizes a community over to labor's side.
Direct action works.
Direct actions are available only where provided for by contract or statute.
Direct actions are protests.
Direct actions have a simpler request-response loop cycle.
Most direct action is peaceful.
Some direct action is one of the most effective means of producing truth about injustices.
Some direct actions stimulate secretion.
Direct address is rare in the cinema, and when it is used it tends to be for comic effect.
Direct address leads to simpler sentences.
Direct address Use commas to indicate a person is being addressed by name.
Direct addresses are in the nominative case.
Direct addresses refer to instructions relative to the current instruction.
Direct advertising includes direct mail and telemarketing.
Direct aid consists mainly of grants and scholarships but occasionally of loans and work.
Direct aid is concentrated on producers rather than on quota holders.
Direct alignment improves body mechanics and pressure application.
Direct analysis is performed using a portion of the total digestion mixture.
Direct ancestors are in bold face and linked to the generation in which they are parents.
Direct ancestors are parents, grandparents, great-grandparents, etc.
Direct antagonists use competitive binding, whilst indirect antagonists use non-competitive binding.
Direct appeal is an adequate remedy.
Direct appeals are the most effective way.
Direct application is made to the individual student teaching experience.
Direct appointees enter service as judge advocates for many reasons.
Direct approaches are to be avoided, a wide approach with sufficient headway being preferred.
Direct assistance can take many forms.
Direct assistance is given to parents who have problems and emergencies.
Direct assistance is provided to local small businesses with an emphasis on manufacturers.
Direct assistance is provided to victims of crime.
Direct attachment is called bhakti.
Some direct attacks lead to accidental death.
Some direct attacks lead to death.
All direct banks have comparable forums.
Direct benefits are a stronger loan to deposit ratio for the local community bank.
Direct benefits are economic values that people place on the utilization of a resource.
Direct benefits increase the fitness of the choosy sex through direct material advantages.
Direct benefits translate to direct economic impact.
Direct billing applies only to the expenses incurred by using a moving company.
Direct billing is available for established commercial and house accounts.
Direct billing is available with prior credit approval.
Direct billing is available.
Direct billing is due on receipt .
Direct billing is now available with the Arizona Republic.
Direct billing is only available in certain situations.
Direct blocks offer quick access to the blocks of smaller files.
Direct boxes give a clean, tight sound since they pick up no background noise or leakage.
Direct boycott is the only language they'll understand.
Direct broadcast is seen as being more reliable than cable.
Direct burial is used extensively, significantly reducing installation costs.
Direct buses take about the same time, while taxis complete the trip in approximately half an hour.
Direct business is possible but is highly unusual.
Direct calibration is possible only through methods and .
Direct calls are possible from public phones.
Direct capitalization is simple and easily understood.
Direct cards go directly back.
Direct carving is another technique used by many woodworkers in the program.
Direct casualties are hard to say.
Direct causation is a minority test, which addresses only the metaphysical concept of causation.
Direct causes are physical and material things, such as food, clothing, a home etc.
Direct charges are tuition and fees.
Direct charity creates paupers.
Direct cinema is often a compelling form.
Direct Claims Submitting claims directly to an insurance carrier is a little more complicated.
Direct cleavage is observed by identifying DNA fragments at the spot where cleavage occured.
Direct client needs assessment.
Direct cluster consists of a server node and one or more client nodes.
Direct combustion is the most traditional use of fuelwood.
Direct commands are usually grounds for confrontation.
Direct commission is another route to becoming a commissioned officer.
Direct committees Authorize the annual budget.
Direct communication can help to promote a good relationship between attorneys and staff.
Direct communication is always best.
Direct communication is easy via phone, fax or e-mail.
Direct communication is largely limited to speech and the passing of documents.
Direct communication is often also possible, with delays of a few seconds or less.
Direct communication is rare between the two parties.
Direct comparison is difficult as countries collect data in different ways.
Direct comparison is difficult.
Direct comparison is necessary to rank sires accu- rately.
Direct comparison is necessary to rank sires accurately.
Direct comparison measures an unknown artifact relative to a calibrated gas leak standard.
Direct compensation focuses more on employee wages, salaries, incentives, and gainsharing.
Direct compensation includes many aspects of an employee s career a UT-Houston.
Direct compensation involves monetary payments to employees for time worked or results obtained.
Direct compensation is an employee s base wage.
Direct competition seems to affect black kids' self-worth and achievement in a positive way.
Direct competitors are easy.
Direct compliments are a no-no.
Direct component improves system efficiency and boosts workplane illumination.
Direct connection is established and files are transferred.
Direct connection is the use of on-campus workstations, in public labs or offices.
Direct connection operates through local area networks and leased telephone data lines.
Direct connections are also available to customers requiring higher internet speeds.
Direct connections are available for business and industry.
Direct connections are available for businesses that have high usage needs.
Direct connections are available for businesses with high usage needs.
Direct connections are by water, rail and road.
Direct connections are increasingly common in schools but very rare in homes.
Direct connections are more expensive than indirect connections, and more complicated to set up.
Direct connections can be temporary or permanent.
Direct connections ensure that users receive the most efficient service possible.
Direct connections includes physical connections to the network infrastructure.
Direct connections provide for the most reliable and predictable service levels offered.
Direct connections raise the bar concerning security protection from outside connectivity.
Direct consequences are higher levels of downtime and their associated costs to the business.
Direct consultants work on transportation studies and plans.
Direct consultation is available by contacting dispatch.
Direct consultation seems to be available only as part of the Web packages.
Direct contact burns eyes with possible permanent injury, even blindness.
Direct contact can also occur between two patients, or a patient and health care provider.
Direct contact can cause brain, liver and kidney abnormalities.
Direct contact can cause eye irritation.
Direct contact can cause irritation.
Direct contact can cause mechanical irritation of eyes.
Direct contact can cause mild eye and skin irritation, but no known serious effects.
Direct contact can cause mild eye and skin irritation.
Direct contact can cause mild to severe redness and swelling.
Direct contact can cause plant damage.
Direct contact can cause skin irritation.
Direct contact can destroy tiny feeder roots.
Direct contact can result in skin blistering.
Direct contact can severely irritate and burn the skin and eyes.
Direct contact causes diseases.
Direct contact encourages absorption of toxic materials through the skin and sometimes ingestion.
Direct contact irritates moderately with redness and swelling.
Direct contact irritates slightly with redness and swelling.
Direct contact is body contact.
Direct contact is contact with any part of the body.
Direct contact is defined as face to face, voice to voice communication.
Direct contact is fine, according to a significant number of VCs.
Direct contact is forbidden.
Direct contact is from a sick or active carrier cat directly to another cat.
Direct contact is from a sick or carrier cat directly to another cat.
Direct contact is necessary for transmission to another person.
Direct contact is necessary.
Direct contact is the best.
Direct contact is the logical conclusion to a successful networking campaign.
Direct contact is the most prominent route of exposure.
Direct contact is usually the fastest and most efficient way to solve a problem.
Direct contact is virtually the only way for people to get sick from greywater re-use.
Direct contact occurs by wearing the gloves.
Direct contact occurs most commonly via kissing.
More direct contact is better.
Most direct contact causes diseases.
Some direct contact causes damage.
Some direct contact causes irritation.
Some direct contact causes skin irritation.
Direct containment defines a strict hierarchy of objects with no cycles.
Direct contempt arises from conduct that occurs in the presence of the judge.
Direct contempt occurs in full view of open court or the legislative body.
Direct contracting has to be done carefully in terms of analyzing potential patient populations.
Direct contracting is what comes next in health care.
Direct contributions are a great help.
Direct contributions are another.
Direct contributions are metabolic.
Direct control is provided by using matrix keyboards.
Direct control is via a stick and throttle to hand fly the vehicle.
Direct control measures more to their hiding places in houses rather than to the birds.
Direct control requires the switch to be held down for the device to operate.
Direct conversation is much more effective than complaining to everyone else.
Direct cooking means the food is placed on the grill rack directly over the coals.
Direct coping can involve confrontation, compromise, or withdrawal.
Direct copying is a slimy business.
Direct copying is the easiest form of activity to prevent.
Direct cost is, by definition, the amount a college charges for tuition, room, board, and fees.
Direct costs are all the proposed costs specifically attributable to the project.
Direct costs are costs that can be specifically identified with a particular project.
Direct costs are easier to calculate, of course.
Direct costs are easy to identify.
Direct costs are expenses that can be measured and applied to the performance of a specific project.
Direct costs are land acquisition costs, engineering costs, construction costs, and marketing costs.
Direct costs are unique to the sub-unit being analyzed.
Direct costs arise from the government's formula for educational cost-sharing with families.
Direct costs can cover only salary support and travel to scientific meetings.
Direct costs consist of medical-care expenditures.
Direct costs correspond to spending for treatment and rehabilitation nationwide.
Direct costs involve all the costs that can be directly related to the product or service.
Direct costs relate to grant specific items.
Direct costs vary and are charged back to the requestors.
Any direct costs are in addition to the above consulting charge.
Direct counseling is only a related service to back up the teacher's instructional program.
Direct Counts use microscopy to more accurately determine total bacteria in a sample.
Direct coupling is more efficient than indirect coupling.
Direct credits are difficult to handle.
Direct cremation is where the body is cremated shortly after death.
Direct culture is one of the most reliable mycoplasma detection methods.
Direct current comes primarily from batteries.
Direct current has two poles, one positive, one negative, flowing from negative to positive.
Direct current is a bit easier to understand than alternating current.
Direct current is created by devices such as batteries and solar panels .
Direct current is created by devices such as batteries and solar panels.
Direct current is electric current.
Direct current is electricity
Direct current is electricity.
Direct current is produced by batteries.
Direct current is produced by electrochemical and photovoltaic cells and batteries.
Direct current is safe.
Direct current is supplied from batteries.
Direct current is used to charge batteries and as power supply for electronic systems.
Direct current is when the current can go both ways though a conductor.
Direct current is where at all times the voltage polarity remains constant.
Direct damage can also occur if the spinal cord is pulled, pressed sideways, or compressed.
Direct damage can also result from aphid feeding.
Direct damage caused by lightning strikes occurs on occasion.
Direct damage is caused by a group of insects feeding directly on a fabric.
Direct damage is caused by the loss of plant sap.
Direct damage is caused by the removal of sap, and indirect damage as a disease vector.
Direct damage is caused by the removal of sap.
Direct damage is the damage in the impact area.
Direct damage means breaking corals and kicking up sediments.
Direct damages are the losses suffered as the immediate result of wrongful conduct.
Direct damages occur as crops, buildings, and vehicles are washed away or destroyed.
Direct databases offer indexing, abstracts, and selected complete texts of articles.
Direct data have better accuracy.
Direct data streaming allows users to integrate local data with data sets served on the internet.
Direct Deals Get the best deals on airfare.
Direct debit is a simple, inexpensive and convenient way of paying subscriptions.
Direct debit is ideal for insurance, rent, and other fixed payments.
Direct debit is our way of continuing our efforts to provide easy, no-fuss payment options.
Direct debit offers a number of advantages for both customers and companies.
Direct debit saves time and postage, and is reliable, accurate, and confidential.
Direct Debits are the preferred method of payment.
More direct delivery is required.
Direct democracy delivers.
Direct democracy exists when people make decisions in person, as in the New England town meeting.
Direct democracy is democratic government.
Direct democracy is impractical for reasons of time, expertise, etc.
Direct democracy is nearly impossible.
Direct democracy is neither unusual to republics nor illegal in the American Republic.
Direct democracy is the cure.
Direct democracy is traditional in Switzerland.
Direct democracy is where there is direct participation of the people.
Direct democracy makes decisions by majority rule.
Direct democracy means, that citizens can decide directly on an issue, whenever they want to do so.
Direct democracy purges Politicians from the process.
Direct democracy works fine in a town meeting of limited size.
Direct demonstration is one of the most conclusive methods of proof.
Direct deposit accounts.
Direct deposit add-on is available.
Direct deposit avoids problems with lost checks and weather preventing check distribution.
Direct deposit benefits everyone.
Direct deposit can make refunds available within seven days.
Direct deposit eliminates one reason to physically visit the bank.
Direct deposit eliminates the possibility of destroyed, lost, or stolen checks.
Direct deposit eliminates the possibility of lost or stolen checks.
Direct deposit eliminates the possibility of lost, stolen or undeliverable refund checks.
Direct deposit frees an employee from standing in line and ensures against lost or stolen checks.
Direct deposit gives people peace of mind.
Direct deposit has several advantages.
Direct deposit is a condition of employment.
Direct deposit is a convenient option available to student employees.
Direct deposit is a free service for all of our members.
Direct deposit is a good idea for everyone.
Direct deposit is a great benefit to members at no charge.
Direct deposit is a smart choice.
Direct deposit is also an option.
Direct deposit is also available.
Direct deposit is also more convenient.
Direct deposit is also the way to go with a traditional paper return.
Direct deposit is available - stop by the ceramics payroll office for information.
Direct deposit is available and encouraged.
Direct deposit is available and highly encouraged.
Direct deposit is available for all employees.
Direct deposit is available for all full-time employees.
Direct deposit is available for monthly contributions.
Direct deposit is available for student paychecks .
Direct deposit is available immediately.
Direct deposit is available in most banks.
Direct deposit is available only for regular monthly benefit payments.
Direct deposit is available to all employees.
Direct deposit is available to all faculty and staff.
Direct deposit is available to all staff members at no charge.
Direct deposit is available to both electronic and non-electronic filers.
Direct deposit is available to one or more bank accounts as directed by faculty or staff member.
Direct deposit is available to student employees.
Direct deposit is available to students as well.
Direct deposit is available.
Direct deposit is convenient and safe.
Direct deposit is convenient, safe, and easy to set up.
Direct deposit is convenient, safe, and reliable.
Direct deposit is convenient.
Direct deposit is dependable.
Direct deposit is easy to set up and is extremely convenient for the long term.
Direct deposit is easy to set up.
Direct deposit is effective within two to three pay periods of the request.
Direct deposit is encouraged.
Direct deposit is faster and there is no chance of a check going astray or being stolen.
Direct deposit is free and easy to set up.
Direct deposit is free and it's easy to sign up.
Direct deposit is now available for college student employees.
Direct deposit is now available in place of a refund check.
Direct deposit is required as a condition of employment.
Direct deposit is required for all benefit payments.
Direct deposit is required for payment of compensation for employees.
Direct deposit is required to take advantage of the Valued Employee Plan.
Direct deposit is required.
Direct deposit is restarted automatically when the person is released from warrant hold.
Direct deposit is safe and convenient.
Direct deposit is safe, easy and makes sense.
Direct deposit is safe.
Direct deposit is the answer.
Direct deposit is the method of payment.
Direct deposit is the most common and often the only employer-provided financial service.
Direct deposit is the most secure and cost-effective means of distributing refunds.
Direct deposit is very safe and reliable.
Direct deposit means no chance for a paycheck to be lost or stolen.
Direct deposit means their wages are already in their accounts on payday.
Direct deposit offers a very economical method of payroll distribution.
Direct deposit offers advantages to employees.
Direct deposit offers convenience and security of funds.
Direct deposit offers the department significant cost savings and administrative efficiency.
Direct deposit protects benefits from loss, theft or mail delay.
Direct deposit protects benefits from loss, theft, or mail delay.
Direct deposit provides a benefit highly appreciated by employees.
Direct deposit provides the ultimate in convenience and time savings.
Direct deposit requires written authorization by the employee.
Direct deposit saves the state money.
Direct deposit saves time and money.
Direct deposit saves time and reduces the risk of check loss and theft.
Direct deposit saves time, money, and it s safe and secure.
Direct deposits are available on distribution day.
Direct deposits are available on the actual pay date.
Direct Deposits remain active until the employee completes a form to stop it.
Direct descendants draw conclusions.
Most direct descendants draw conclusions.
Direct dial CAN work but often causes problems.
Direct dial is available for local users.
Direct dial is available to any countries and regions in the world.
Direct dial is sometimes slow and can be busy.
Direct dial requires a terminal emulation program.
Direct dialogue has a better effect than talks with the assistance of a mediator.
Direct digitization can achieve a result of higher quality in only a few cases.
Direct discharge occurs when the soldier is too close to the opponent.
Direct discrimination is relatively easy to identify but can be more difficult to prove.
Direct discrimination is relatively easy to spot and self-defining.
Direct discrimination is understood by most people.
Direct discrimination means treatment that is obviously unfair or unequal.
Direct donations are always welcome.
Direct drive means that the propeller is bolted to, and turns at the same speed as, the crankshaft.
Direct drive uses metal parts only and can thus be machined to the closest tolerances.
Direct drives use a packing-type seal.
Many direct drive rotating motors use hall-sensors for sensing rotating speed.
Direct dye is a dyestuff
Direct dyes are cheap, easy to apply and widely available in a range of colours.
Direct dyes are dyes that have a high affinity for cotton, rayon, and other cellulose fibres.
Direct dynamics is used in computer simulations of the robot.
Direct effect refers to the increase in clear-sky albedo.
Direct effect refers to to the increase in clear-sky albedo.
Direct effects are changes within the equestrian sector.
Direct effects are revenues directly coming out of the project.
Direct effects are the expenditures and jobs created by an industry within a county.
Direct effects come from coral mining, shoreline filling for land reclamation, and harbor dredging.
Some direct effects cause pain.
Some direct effects involve breaks.
Some direct effects relate to cost.
Direct election is a pre-condition to full political equality in presidential elections.
Direct election is only available at county and below-county levels.
Direct election is the most representative system.
Direct election makes minority rule even more likely than the present process.
Direct election ought to benefit the large populous states at the expense of smaller ones.
Direct elections are elections.
Direct elimination matches consists of three three-minute periods.
Direct email imposes significant costs on the recipient.
Direct email is for many site owners the most successful promotion method.
Direct email uses similar principles involved in the familiar model of direct postal mail.
Direct enrollment is for a minimum of one semester.
Direct entries are the most common.
Direct entries make general ledger postings and appear on statements and payments processing.
Direct entry is granted to applicants whose total past education has been conducted in English.
Direct entry is occasionally possible at the discretion of the course leader.
Direct entry means that students join the nursing program directly out of high school.
Direct equivalence exists .
Direct euthanasia puts life and death in the hands of man.
Direct evidence is always relevant.
Direct evidence is evidence that the employer was mad at the protected activity.
Direct evidence is evidence that, if believed, resolves a matter in issue.
Direct evidence is evidence
Direct evidence is evidence.
Direct evidence is required to invoke the presumption of delivery and receipt.
Direct evidence reveals ability.
Direct evidence supports theories.
More direct evidence comes from the policies and pronouncements of the administration.
Most direct evidence reveals ability.
Most direct evidence supports theories.
A direct examination is an examination
Direct examination can verify a disease.
Direct examination is usually all that is necessary, though use of a microscope is very helpful.
Direct exchange takes place through sexual relations or through the sharing of needles.
Direct exchanges provide maximum integration in a foreign culture.
Direct expenditure comprises all expenditure other than intergovernmental expenditure.
Direct expenses are completely deductible.
Direct expenses are reimbursable.
Direct expenses are the expenses incurred specifically for a particular family member.
Direct expenses are the only fees due to the college.
Direct experience associated with executive offices at higher educational institution is preferred.
Direct experience is ecologically valid.
Direct experience is most convincing.
Direct experience is primary.
Direct experience is the only real test for verifying the following proposition.
Direct experience servicing special populations is preferred.
Direct experience writing parts catalogs or bills of material is a plus.
Some direct experience develops intuition.
Direct exports are low compared to local sales and indirect exports.
Direct exposure can lead to headaches, blurred vision, nausea, and dizziness.
Direct exposure can occur from swimming or drinking affected water.
Direct exposure leads to problems.
Direct exposure reduces the rate of growth.
Most direct exposure leads to problems.
Direct extension has better prognosis than metastatic.
Most direct extensions are at present the province of the medical world.
Direct facts are clearly evident.
Direct feeds give superior images.
Direct field seeding of asparagus is practiced by few growers.
Direct files have a. variable length records b. end of record character c.
Direct film is sold in various film thicknesses.
Direct fire is fire
Direct fire is used to target scenery rather than enemies.
Direct firms control most of the assets.
Direct flight is flight
Direct flight is flight.
Direct flights are also available from London, Frankfurt and Paris.
Direct flights are also available from major European destinations.
Direct flights are available from Fukuoka, Nagasaki and Osaka.
Direct flights are available from Glasgow to Washington.
Direct flights are available from major cities in Europe.
Direct flights are available from most European cities and many other international airports.
Direct flights are available from most major American and European cities.
Direct flights are available from most major cities anywhere in the world.
Direct flights are available from New York and Miami among other places.
Direct flights are available from New York.
Direct flights are available from several cities in the United States.
Direct flights are available from Sydney and other major Australian airports.
Direct flights are available from the major cities in Canada as well as from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Direct flights are available from Washington and Philadelphia.
Direct flights are available to Buffalo and Toronto from most North American locations.
Direct flights are available to Fort Smith from Memphis, and Dallas-Fort Worth.
Direct flights are scheduled from Portugal, France, Britain, South Africa and Ethiopia.
Direct flights are understandably more in- demand and therefore command higher fares.
Direct flights arrive from all major Canadian and many American cities.
Direct flights connect Vienna to several U.S. cities.
Direct flights form the Isle of Man,England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, and the Channel Islands.
Direct flights leave from Houston, Miami, Italy, and New Orleans.
Direct flights tend to be less stressful than changing planes at a large airport.
Direct flow is more popular in China.
Direct friction is now the primary form of stimulation.
Direct funding allows tribal communities to continue direct their own programs.
Direct fusion is used by some enveloped viruses.
Direct gain is the same principle which results in a warm car interior on a cold, but sunny day.
Direct game results lines provide results of the most recent draw only.
Direct gaze is uncommon and secondary in use.
Every direct generator meets every inverse generator, and reciprocally.
Direct gifts allow the child to have immediate control of the assets.
Direct gifts are the most common way of contributing.
Direct gifts are welcome at any time.
Direct glare comes straight from the light source.
Direct glare is caused by light coming directly to the eye from a source or bright surface.
Direct glare occurs when lamps are poorly shielded.
Direct gold is still the technique of choice for most simple to moderate gold casting repairs.
Direct goods are the components of manufactured products.
Direct grants are available from state legislatures.
Direct grants are available to Vietnam era veterans.
Direct grants are probably one of the easiest types of qualified investments to administer.
Most direct grants go to programs in plant communities.
Direct ground protects against damage from lightning strikes.
Direct grounds clean up after special events.
Direct group link to assignments and threaded discussion.
Direct guidance encompasses all parts of the interpersonal communication process.
Direct harvest is the most accurate method of measuring yield.
Direct heat can burn the tissues that are already damaged.
Direct heating provides even heat distribution.
Direct help is needed, as well.
Direct hernias are seen most commonly in foals, and usually congenital.
Direct heterosis is the boost from cross-breeding, seen in the calf.
Direct hits are quite deadly, and near misses still inflict splash damage.
Direct honesty is THE policy.
Direct hydration promises lower utilities and investment costs.
Direct illumination is light incident on a scene from a light source or a number of light sources.
Direct immunofluorescence is a highly specific and sensitive method.
Direct immunofluorescence is a test to detect antibodies that are deposited in the epidermis.
Direct immunofluorescence is negative.
Direct immunofluorescence is performed using a panel of ten antisera.
Direct immunofluorescence shows mesangial and capillary loop granular fluorescence.
Direct impact includes airline tickets, cargo shipments, landing fees, etc.
Direct impact includes displacement.
Direct impact is associated with providers of services at the airport.
Direct impact is determined by the area of the campus primarily affected by a single employee error.
Direct impact is determined by the area of the campus primarily affected by employee error.
Direct impact is more likely to result in cerebral contusion.
Direct Impacts are immediate consequences of economic activity.
Direct impacts are the increased expenses for purchased oil or oil products.
Direct impacts are the initial point of sale.
Direct impacts represent the total expenditures of processors for goods, services and salaries.
Most direct impact includes displacement.
Some direct impact includes jobs.
Direct importers act as wholesalers and in some cases also as retailers.
Direct infection is primarily of the leaves and can lead to defoliation.
Direct infection is used infecting executeables in the current directory.
Direct infiltration includes the use of infiltration trenches or infiltration basins.
Direct infiltration is by far the most common cause of neoplastic plexopathy.
Direct infringement includes the making of a patented article without authority.
Direct inhalation is great when immediate relief is needed.
Direct injection is a key technology for developing a more efficient gasoline engine.
Direct injection is a type of diesel injection where the fuel is sprayed directly into the cylinder.
Direct injection is done by the help of specially designed fuel injectors.
Direct injection is more friendly to alternative fuels.
Direct injection is the least satisfactory of the three and can only be used on muscle fibres.
Direct injection sprayers a method of reducing environmental pollution.
Direct input is solicited.
Direct inquiries re.
Direct instruction allows students opportunities for practice and role play.
Direct instruction does have a long history of success.
Direct instruction includes active and passive practice.
Direct instruction is deemphasized and discovery learning is encouraged.
Direct instruction is the best way to teach children how to spell.
Direct instruction is the primary means of imparting knowledge.
Direct instruction occurs individually and in small and large groups.
Direct insurance includes all insurance other than reinsurance.
Direct intake involves the uptake of nucleic acids from the environment.
Direct integration is cost-effective and compact.
Direct intentionality corresponds to dolus .
Direct interaction is essential.
Direct interaction is needed to exchange ideas instead of having to just listen.
Direct interactions can take place in the absence of any contact between the competitors.
Direct interference seems to be absent.
Direct intervention is the best way of reducing accident rates.
Direct intervention occurs in municipal and superior court matters.
Direct investment buying securities oneself is just one avenue.
Direct investment can have the form of goods, immovable property and financial resources.
Direct investment creates jobs.
Direct investment is investment which includes management control of a venture.
Direct investment takes a longer view.
Direct investments are due to their nature traditionally regarded as long-term.
Most direct investment is made to update or repair antiquated facilities.
Direct involvement is a requirement.
Direct involvement is where industries take up the development tasks directly.
Direct itineraries avoid connections and delays.
Direct jobs are nonetheless important in terms of all jobs in the region.
All direct kicks awarded in the penalty area are penalty kicks.
Direct labor is labor whose cost can be traced directly to a specific unit of product.
Direct labor is the labor costs which are directly related to production of a certain item.
Direct language works best.
Direct Laser Writing Direct laser writing makes each chip unique at low cost.
Direct Leads Pay per lead network.
Direct Leads Sign up for many affiliate programs at once.
Direct lenders are captive to their own products.
Direct lenders are generally larger organizations than mortgage brokers and better capitalized.
Direct lenders do have one important benefit.
Direct lenders have money to lend.
Direct lending employs one application, one source of funds, and one loan origination center.
Direct lending is a more accountable student loan system.
Direct lending is anything but a safe haven for proprietary institutions.
Direct lending is simple, and requires less paperwork.
Direct light can significantly decrease the quality of the image.
Direct light comes from a point source, such as the sun on a clear day.
Direct light comes into a south window only at midday.
Direct light gives off glare, tiring the eyes.
Direct light has an impact on the stored water as well as the room temperature.
Direct light is ideal.
Direct light produces dark, hard-edged shadows that crisply outline details.
Direct Line Get a quote and buy insurance online for vehicles, the home, pets, travel, and life.
Direct lines provide data and voice communication between the main campus and the Salina campus.
Direct link is here .
Direct link is usually a serial or parallel cable connecting two computers for some fun.
Direct links are available to recommended sites.
Direct links are available to selected sites of interest and a grouped on the sub menu shown.
Direct links save the blind user time in navigating the complex home pages of many radio stations.
Direct links take the user to the search page of each publisher.
A direct loan is a loan
Direct loan is available to state government officials and employees.
Direct loan is made directly to the project company.
Direct loans are available to projects sponsored by American small businesses.
Direct loans are available to projects sponsored by U.S. small businesses.
Direct loans are loans.
Direct loans are much cheaper for taxpayers.
Direct Loans Find information on applying for direct loans from the federal government.
Direct loans have a lower subsidy cost than loans made through government guarantees.
Direct loss is a loss linked directly to an earthquake.
Direct losses are just a fraction of ranchers' costs due to wolves.
Direct losses are usually minimal or non-existent.
Direct losses can occur in any design contract.
Direct magic is the short and dangerous path to certain freedoms and amusements.
Direct mail allows a targeted campaign with quick results.
Direct mail allows the new church to creatively connect with unchurched people.
Direct mail can also deliver a personal message in a very non-intrusive fashion.
Direct mail can be an easy source of lead generation.
Direct mail can create leads, mail-order sales, or retail traffic.
Direct mail can make the political candidate.
Direct mail continues to drive fundraising and direct marketing.
Direct mail costs about a dollar just to get it out.
Direct mail costs money.
Direct mail does allow gut reactions to be tested, again and again.
Direct mail enables the solicitation of funds to proceed on a faster, broader scale.
Direct mail gets better responses.
Direct mail has a place in the marketing process.
Direct mail has many purposes.
Direct mail has the advantage of being quite selective.
Direct mail is a costly way to raise money, because it generates many small contributions.
Direct mail is a game of numbers.
Direct mail is a low percentage games follow proven direct marketing rules.
Direct mail is a marketing medium that is cost effective for any size business.
Direct mail is a medium designed to generate an immediate response.
Direct mail is a multi-billion dollar a year business.
Direct mail is a notoriously competitive environment for any retailer.
Direct mail is a time proven medium for targeting the non-subscriber market and generating results.
Direct mail is a very targeted and personal medium.
Direct mail is ads.
Direct mail is also critical for fundraising.
Direct mail is an advertising
Direct mail is an economical first step in building web site relationships and sales.
Direct mail is an effective, low-cost medium of advertising available to small businesses.
Direct mail is an excellent form of advertising and getting the word out.
Direct mail is an interesting business.
Direct mail is another successful area of the industry.
Direct mail is best for voter contact.
Direct mail is cheaper and better for a wider range of people.
Direct mail is direct marketing.
Direct mail is efficient, and it's flexible.
Direct mail is expensive to reach many people frequently.
Direct mail is good, and it's economical.
Direct mail is interesting.
Direct mail is likely to continue as an important element in our marketing activity.
Direct mail is more costly than other forms of advertising.
Direct mail is much more effective in reinforcing current customers than attracting new prospects.
Direct mail is niche marketing.
Direct mail is no longer the only way to reach the small donor.
Direct mail is number three, but is one of the fastest growing of the media.
Direct mail is often the least expensive way to approach a targeted audience.
Direct mail is one of the best marketing tools around, but it s grown up around big businesses.
Direct mail is one of the best marketing tools around, but it's grown up around big businesses.
Direct mail is one of the most absurdly profitable marketing techniques of all time.
Direct mail is only one of many ways to reach a targeted audience.
Direct mail is really only as effective as the list itself.
Direct mail is sent at night, during the regular mail exchange hour.
Direct mail is surprisingly expensive.
Direct mail is the least frequently used source of the three.
Direct mail is the most common pre-show marketing tool.
Direct mail is the most cost-effective method of contacting the largest number of people quickly.
Direct mail is the most effective method of advertising specialized technical books.
Direct mail is the most effective, affordable means of advertising for businesses of all sizes.
Direct mail is the potential key to a modern independent retailer's success.
Direct mail is the second largest form of advertising in America.
Direct mail is used as an important marketing strategy.
Direct mail is, well, direct.
Direct mail keeps producing results.
Direct mail means quick payment and few returns.
Direct mail provides an incentive to visit the booth and helps prime the pump.
Direct mail pushes nothing but ads - which is why it is called junk mail.
Direct mail puts the marketer in control of the promotional exchange.
Direct mail reaches a lot of people but much ends up in the trash.
Direct mail reaches people directly.
Direct mail represents a direct communication between the producer and the customer.
Direct mail requires a mailing list.
Direct mail takes four weeks.
Direct mail takes time and is expensive.
Direct mail targeted to potential buyers through the post office has a substantial track record.
Direct mail uses no agents.
Direct mail writes new chapter in how to run a political campaign.
A direct mailer is a distributor
Direct mailers gobble sixty-eight million trees per year.
Direct mailing is a personal form of advertising, ideally coupled with a special offer.
Direct mailing is costly and has a moderate to low effectiveness.
Direct mailings can also be effective.
Direct mailings can be expensive, slow, and misdirected.
Direct management involves the management of all aspects of the property.
Direct management is done through the integrated health areas.
Direct manipulation connects an action to an observable response from a component.
Direct manipulation is a phenomenon achieved by many of the best user interfaces.
Direct manipulation reduces the amount of information the user needs to memorize.
Direct manipulation suggests the interface as a passive entity, tools for the user to control.
Direct mapping enables users to send and receive email messages on a wireless device.
Direct marketers are the greatest economic rationalists in the world.
Direct marketers can target by interest category and demographic profile.
Direct marketers gain the ability to re-use all or part of their marketing materials.
Direct marketers know that customer ownership is their secret weapon.
Direct marketers know that questions are attention grabbers.
Direct marketers know what they spend, and they know what they get back.
Direct marketers loathe the idea of being seen as producers of junk mail.
Direct marketers plunder every public record they can get.
Direct marketers say Summer is one of the toughest periods to do business.
Direct marketers sell insurance through the mail and by telephone.
Direct marketers try to make it as easy as possible to order.
Direct marketers use demographic information from the census.
Many direct marketers do.
Some direct marketers lose money on front ends, but make money on back ends.
Some direct marketers use oversized and unusual letters, while others use just a postcard.
A direct marketing is a marketing
Direct marketing are marketing.
Direct marketing builds relationships like nothing else.
Direct marketing can be a long haul, trying different offers etc.
Direct marketing can be a two-way street between grower and customer.
Direct marketing can be complicated and difficult.
Direct marketing can include local, state, regional, national and international outlets.
Direct marketing can occur with or without production contracts.
Direct marketing gives the consumer wonderful control.
Direct marketing has a number of benefits.
Direct marketing has other rewards as well.
Direct marketing has to cut the grass.
Direct marketing is a cost effective way to generate the dollars needed to serve area residents.
Direct marketing is a growing business which meets the needs of time-pressed consumers.
Direct marketing is a growing force within the retail industry.
Direct marketing is a legit.
Direct marketing is a precise science based on statistical analysis.
Direct marketing is a wonderful tool to bring a huge variety of products to interested people.
Direct marketing is accountable.
Direct marketing is an intensely quantitative business.
Direct marketing is easier and cheaper.
Direct marketing is expensive.
Direct marketing is far more of an art than a science.
Direct marketing is just a way of talking to people.
Direct marketing is key.
Direct marketing is no longer unseen in the U.S. economy.
Direct marketing is now a law enforcement tool, at least in Vancouver.
Direct marketing is quite expensive.
Direct marketing is really a black art.
Direct marketing is sales, pure, and simple.
Direct marketing is the complex of efficient verified decisions for successful business.
Direct marketing is the great equalizer.
Direct marketing means testing, tracking response, analyzing results, and testing again.
Direct marketing plays a critical role in our free enterprise system.
Direct marketing requires new skills and brings on additional responsibilities for a dairy farmer.
Direct marketing uses mass media marketing.
Any direct material has at least two suppliers or one supplier with two different production plants.
Direct measures are most important.
Direct measures use stimulation of the palatal musculature itself.
Direct measurement includes elemental assays of hair, blood cells, blood plasma, urine, and sweat.
Direct measurement is rapid, more sensitive and more precise.
Direct measurement is, however, expensive in general and impossible in some cases.
Direct measurement requires the fewest trees to achieve the desired results.
Direct measurement using relatively inexpensive instrumentation is now available.
Direct measurements are possible by recovering core from the lake-bed.
Direct measurements are the most accurate, but interfere with normal respiration.
Direct members are processors and Associate members provide services to processors.
Direct membership is available to individuals in countries without national member organization.
Direct Message is six operating companies today.
Direct method is also possible.
Direct methods are costly in terms of time and money.
Direct methods are factual and descriptive of culture.
Direct methods are, for example, direct mail, retail, catalogs, or even over the Internet.
Direct methods determine the water content by removing the moisture.
Direct methods exploit such relationships, and can be used to solve small molecule structures.
Direct methods have some important advantages over the rating curve.
Direct methods involve surgically implanting micro probes in the user's body.
Direct methods produce the inserts from a rapid prototyping system without an intermediate process.
Direct mode draws directly to the drawing area.
Direct mode is the one where one word is given and several definitions are offered as a choice.
Direct mode is the preferred method for more robust gatekeeper management.
Direct modulation means that the laser is switched on and off.
Direct modules are available for many states.
Direct muscle is attached to arm bone and pulls directly on the bone.
A direct object is an object
Direct objects can be nouns, pronouns, phrases, or clauses.
Direct objects Receive the action of a verb or verbal and frequently follow it in a sentence.
Direct observation allows the investigator to focus attention on specific areas of interest.
Direct observation can be an intrusive technique.
Direct observation can provide valuable information.
Direct observation counts more in courts of law than in social science.
Direct observation ensures that the improvement team is always working with facts.
Direct observation is rumored to be nearly impossible.
Direct observation is the best way to obtain accurate information.
Direct observation is the ideal method for visualizing developing embryos.
Direct observation is the oldest and still considered quite reliable.
Direct observation is when behavior is watched and recorded .
Direct observation is when behavior is watched and recorded.
Direct observation provides the basis for generating and testing informal hypotheses.
Direct observation tends to be at the other end of the participation spectrum.
Direct observations can be useful for caseflow management analysis.
Direct offset is much more reasonable.
Direct Order allows for both manual input as well as our preset incremental selections.
Direct orders add shipping fee.
Direct orders are somewhat likely to bring out resistance rather than change.
All direct orders incur a charge for postage.
Direct owners receive all corporate communications directly from a company.
Direct pages is the UK's fastest growing, up to date business directory.
Direct painting gets really old after six months.
Direct paragraphs are straightforward and to the point.
Direct participation is centered in the four countries of Haiti, Honduras, Philippines and India .
Direct participation is the most effective means of voluntary participation.
Direct pass is still in the game.
Direct path is the simplest mode.
Direct patient related activities include medication profile review and therapeutic drug monitoring.
Direct payment accounts available.
Direct payment comes directly out of the resident s checking account.
Direct payment is a safe and efficient way to make tax payments directly into the state treasury.
Direct payment is accurate.
Direct payment is always on time.
Direct payment is an efficient electronic payment alternative to paper checks.
Direct payment is fast, secure, easy and convenient.
Direct payment is reliable.
Direct payment is the simplest method for payment of moving of household goods.
Direct payment saves money.
Direct payments are subject to full applicable commission.
Direct payments are subject to interest.
Direct payments form an essential part of the farmer's income.
Direct payments means no writing checks to pay bills, no stamps to buy for mailing payments.
Direct payments offer greater flexibility and user-control of services.
Direct payments offers independence for service users in managing their own care provision.
Direct Payments save time and money.
Direct perception is the mind opener.
Direct perception is the power of the observer in creative action.
Direct perception is what differentiates philosophy and experience.
Direct phagocytosis occurs in several species of athecate dinoflagellates.
Direct phone calls to appropriate people, photocopy, and type forms.
Direct phones are very common in China.
Direct placements involve a single agency.
Direct plantation is preferred because of higher survival rate.
Direct planting is most successful and economical.
Direct planting is the most successful and economical.
Direct posting means a fixed amount is posted to an account by specifying the account number.
Direct practice involves a focus on individuals, families, groups, and social networks.
Direct practice involves service to individuals, families, and groups.
Direct praise is primary.
Direct precinct walks to distribute election materials.
Direct precipitation is the principal source of nutrients.
Direct pressure can always stop venous bleeding if it is applied to the right spot.
Direct pressure is required to stop bleeding from a large vein.
Direct pressure is the first choice for controlling bleeding.
Direct pressure stops circulation only at the wound.
Direct Pressure Use direct pressure on all wounds.
Direct Prices Apply.
Direct pricing can mean very significant price savings.
Direct privatization involves the state of controlling share holding in state companies.
Direct products are very simple.
Direct production is the largest production mechanism of prompt .
Direct programs operate in Colorado to get things done in communities.
Direct proofs are used in mathematics , logic , and computer science .
Direct proofs are used in mathematics, logic, and computer science.
Direct proportion is an important concept in both mathematics and science classes.
Direct proportion is the essence out of which linear functions grow.
Direct proportions lead to the study of lines or linearity.
Direct purchase is also an option.
Direct push depends on the site.
Direct push sampling with the probe is the perfect solution for site assessment purposes.
Direct queries are fine over a small network.
Direct questions are essential for sorting out problems and providing optimal solutions.
Direct questions are of doubtful value in the first grade.
Direct questions deserve equally direct and forthright answers.
A direct quotation is a report
Direct quotations are concise, appropriate, and clearly integrated into the essay.
Direct quotations are in color .
Direct quotations are shown in double quotes.
Direct quotations are uncommon in scientific writing.
Direct quotations require a footnote with a precise reference to the source.
Direct quote means to copy exact words or phrases from a source.
Direct quotes are almost always unnecessary details.
Direct quotes are also effective.
Direct quotes are in blue text.
Direct quotes are powerful but the reporter can summarize and attribute the statement as well.
Direct quotes are the result of taking good notes.
Direct quotes are things that some real person actually said or wrote at one time.
Direct quotes require the page number be cited.
Direct radiation can only originate from visible sky directions.
Some direct radiation has potential.
Direct radiators have a harder time making that kind of bass.
Direct rail link to central Glasgow.
More direct rays result in longer days and more heat.
More direct rays strike the earth in middle latitudes north than middle latitudes south.
Direct realism says that the first step is enough.
Direct recursion is when a function or procedure calls itself.
Direct reference calls to number above.
Direct references have their own set of problems.
Direct references make it look to the client as if it is directly accessing the resource.
Direct referral is from a health care provider in the health service.
Direct reflection can cause eye damage.
Direct relatives measure lines of direct descent.
Direct repair involves suturing the duct over a polyethylene catheter.
Direct repeats are quite common within regulatory DNA regions.
Direct repeats are selective response elements for thyroid hormone, retinoic acid and vit.
Direct repeats are shown in italics.
Direct replacements are available for other makes of elements and furnaces.
Direct replication is similar to the standard asynchronous replication model described earlier.
Direct reports are likely to respect older managers be- cause they have a wealth of experience.
Direct requests indicate that the user has input the URL directly.
All direct request are on the mail.
All direct request are on the way.
All direct requests are on the way.
Direct research seems urgent, also that of other unnoticed signals.
Direct response asks the recipient to take some sort of action.
Direct response does.
Direct response focuses on getting someone to buy the product now .
Direct response is interactive or as some prefer, proactive.
Direct response is only one option.
Direct response is scientific.
Direct responsibility rests with the principal.
Direct restorations are ones which are placed directly into a cavity on a tooth, and shaped to fit.
Direct road link to Prague, Vienna and Budapest.
Direct rooting uses more space, but reduces transplant time and transplant shock.
Direct rosettes supply other show sundries.
Some direct routes present many problems.
Direct rule is livable.
Direct rule is reinstated after strikes by Protestant workers end power-sharing.
Direct rule resumes.
Direct salaries exclude overtime-premium pay.
Direct sale is suicidal for the insurers.
Direct sales are another way to learn more about an audience and increase revenue at the same time.
Direct sales are at retail price.
Direct sales can be a tough way to make a living.
Direct sales cost less than the rest.
Direct sales experience a plus.
Direct sales is a new name for network marketing.
Direct sales is a wonderful application of a web site.
Direct sales is an expensive way to conduct business.
Direct sales is instant income and constant income.
Direct sales is open to everyone without age, sex or race discrimination.
Direct sales is over a century old and multilevel is over a half a century old.
Direct sales occur when no value is added to the product by distributors in the supply chain.
Direct sales offers high-quality, innovative products and services.
Direct sales represents the most desirable alternative to working outside the home.
Direct sales wetsuit mfg.
Direct savings are an indirect objective of performance management.
Direct savings come from automatic shut-off features and occupancy sensors.
Direct search is a people business.
Direct search starts where most search engines leave off.
Direct sellers are independent contractors.
Many direct sellers have little or no inventory.
Many direct sellers receive a commission on their sales or purchases.
Many direct sellers work out of their own homes and have business expenses for using their homes.
Some direct sellers refuse to collect tax, while others routinely collect it.
Direct sequence is very different.
Direct service involves working with others in the school or community.
Direct service is available from all major hubs, and large airports on both coasts.
Direct service is available through a selection of carriers and their partner airlines.
Direct service is available to Denver and Omaha where connections can be made to other major cities.
Direct service is available to many Midwestern cities.
Direct service means volunteering on a regular basis.
Direct services are only one of seven alternatives.
Direct services comprise assessment, evaluation, and treatment.
Direct services includes screening and evaluation.
Direct services involve operating as the lead contact with media outlets when appropriate.
Direct shares incur no ongoing fees, only brokerage and stamp duty when buying or selling shares.
Direct shipments are subject to the terms and conditions of the manufacturer.
Direct shippers operate outside of the licensed distribution system.
Direct site is inaccessible.
Direct site produce or display maps for free .
Direct site related problem reports to the webmaster .
Direct smear is used primarily for detection of trophozoites in diarrheic stools.
Direct snaps are illegal.
Direct snaps are legal.
Direct solicitation is required to raise the presumption of irreparable injury.
Direct solicitation is the key to Saratoga's success.
Direct solution is often difficult.
Direct sound travels straight to our ears from the speaker diaphragms.
Direct speech is the only device allowing deep access to Homeric characters' inner life.
Direct spending is with suppliers of parts used in lock production.
Direct statement has greater force or weight than proximity.
Direct stigmatization penalizes part-time attorneys .
Direct stimulation becomes necessary A young man can think about sex and become aroused.
Direct stimulation can sometimes be too intense.
Direct storage can take a couple of forms.
Direct stories contain a link directly to the source.
Direct subscribers are responsible for the communications cost of their direct connection.
Direct suggestion works, yet it seems non-specific suggestion works even better.
Direct suggestions produce greater effectiveness.
Direct sun can also kill mycelium.
Direct sun is the best for growth and flowering and also prefers soil that is kept barely moist.
Direct sun is the worst enemy of any automobile interior or home upholstery.
Direct sun is very helpful in drying.
Direct sun rays heat south-facing branches and southwest sides of tree trunks.
Direct sunlight adds heat to the body by radiation.
Direct sunlight burns foliage.
Direct sunlight burns the thin leaves within a short period of time.
Direct sunlight can affect water samples, so do all chemical tests in the shade.
Direct sunlight can affect watermelon quality after harvest.
Direct sunlight can also cause misleading readings.
Direct sunlight can also reduce the strength of pollen.
Direct sunlight can be too harsh as well.
Direct sunlight can be very harsh which distorts details and washes out colors.
Direct sunlight can burn the foliage and also causes the blooms to fade more quickly.
Direct sunlight can cause permanent damage.
Direct sunlight can cause some fabrics to fade.
Direct sunlight can cause the containers to overheat, resulting in a pressure buildup.
Direct sunlight can discolor wood.
Direct sunlight can harm the condition of rubber seals and cause tools to operate improperly.
Direct sunlight can kill some eggs or larvae.
Direct sunlight can quickly overheat a culture, and complete darkness yields slower production.
Direct sunlight can warm the onions too much and result in translucent scales.
Direct sunlight can warm the water more than salmon eggs can stand.
Direct sunlight can warp wood furniture as it dries.
Direct sunlight causes blistering in new finishes.
Direct sunlight causes degradation to an inorganic tin salt.
Direct sunlight causes deterioration.
Direct sunlight causes higher temperatures.
Direct sunlight causes shadows and overexposure, creating disappointing results.
Direct sunlight contains high levels of light in the ultraviolet spectrum.
Direct sunlight creates harsh shadows.
Direct sunlight enhances both foliage color and flower development.
Direct sunlight flows down the stairwell due to the architectural design of the museum.
Direct sunlight has stronger, more natural colors, but the shadows on the face are harsh.
Direct sunlight hits surfaces.
Direct sunlight influences postharvest temperature responses and ripening of five avocado cultivars.
Direct sunlight is a natural condition for duckweeds.
Direct sunlight is a very real enemy to paper products.
Direct sunlight is also to be avoided due to heat and ultraviolet light exposure considerations.
Direct sunlight is blocked from reaching the moon.
Direct sunlight is different than indirect sunlight.
Direct sunlight is excluded for both values of illumination.
Direct sunlight is hard on synthetics.
Direct sunlight is harmful to paintings.
Direct sunlight is likely to be harmful.
Direct sunlight is often too strong for algae.
Direct sunlight is sunlight.
Direct sunlight kills flea larvae, so keep lawn well mowed.
Direct sunlight obscures the colors.
Direct sunlight produces a harsh light, especially noticeable in the middle of the day.
Direct sunlight slows the flea life cycle.
Direct sunlight slows the fleas life cycle.
More direct sunlight illuminates the brighter region close to the horizon.
Most direct sunlight causes deterioration.
Most direct sunlight hits surfaces.
Some direct sunlight reaches gullies.
Direct sunshine hitting the heater unit is what produces heat for the pool.
Direct sunshine makes it possible to do some very accurate grinding.
Direct sunshine warms the instrument, making readings warmer than the air.
Direct supervision is accomplished through written and oral communication.
Direct supervision is exercised over a variety of administative service functions.
Direct supervision is exercised over a variety of administrative service functions.
Direct supervision is exercised over the radiological health section.
Direct supervision is exercised over the work of a staff of clerical employees.
Direct supervision is limited.
Direct supervision is provided by a program director, academic manager or supervisor.
Direct supervision is provided by the participating dentist and program faculty.
Direct supervision is received from a designated supervisor.
Direct supervision is received from a supervisor.
Direct supervision is received from designated individual.
Direct supervision is received from laboratory supervisor.
Direct supervision is required .
Direct supervision is required and the school reserves the right to monitor each account.
Direct supervision is required for all prisoner activities.
Direct supervision is required.
Direct supervision is the key.
Direct supervision means immediate or first-level supervision.
Direct supervision means operating the craft within direct eyesight of the responsible party.
Direct supervision puts the jailer in with the inmates.
Direct supervision requires the credentialed individual's physical presence in the facility.
Direct supervision requires the individual to physically be in the facility.
Direct support is a mission
Direct support is missions.
Direct support is needed to limit interference with continued research and publishing efforts.
Direct support is provided through the direct cost-sharing program.
Direct surveillance is done by motorized units.
Direct swaps are sort of hit and miss.
Direct systems use pumps to circulate water through the collectors.
Direct talks work.
Direct taxes are payable only if there are net profits.
Direct Taxes are taxes on people and property.
Direct taxes are upon persons or their property, and are subject to apportionment.
Direct teaching is one successful method of instruction.
Direct teaching is the preferred model.
Direct testing allows the monitoring of the efficacy of an antibiotic regime.
Direct testing is preferred so it is attempted first, if possible.
Direct therapy begins by teaching the child to speak fluently.
Direct thermal is durable compared to other comparable print technologies.
Direct threat is a very stringent standard.
Direct threats are clear and specific.
Direct threats reflect an intent to cause physical harm.
Direct touch can provoke regression or it can be used for physical reassurance and containment.
Direct toxicity is rare in the intertidal area.
Direct trade can now take place between Taiwan and certain designated Chinese ports.
Direct trains run from London to Canterbury.
Direct transfer utilizes a hyper-dimensional tunnel.
Direct translation produces the most readable, and best performing, Visual Basic code.
A direct transmission is a mechanism
Direct transmission can occur between unrelated crustacean species.
Direct transmission involves direct physical contact between two people.
Direct transmission is available to many countries in the world as well.
Direct transmission occurs when an infected dog comes in contact with a healthy dog.
Direct trauma is the bigger problem.
Direct travel includes circuitous routes only as reasonably necessary to reach the destination.
Direct treatment is done directly in front of the patient.
Direct trips are available for three or more horses.
Direct trips have other horses and stops but no layover.
Direct turf comes with the longest warranty in our industry.
Direct tv is available in each room.
Direct TV offers far more sports programming.
Direct TV uses smart cards for renewable security in their satellite receivers.
Direct type selling to business owners is a different kind of sale.
Direct types have gas-prone source rock.
Direct usage means that the name of the person or religion etc is a part of the domain name.
Direct use includes both consumptive and non-consumptive uses.
Direct use is also applicable to the red dots.
Direct use is recommended.
Direct users call a local or toll-free number, which connects the call to an outbound switch server.
Direct variation is when two variables vary directly.
Direct variation Let x and y denote two quantities.
All direct variations go through the origin.
Direct vasodilators prevent the muscles in the artery walls from tightening and narrowing.
Direct video feeds for shape layer and back ground layer.
Direct wages cost.
Direct withdrawal leads to medical problems .
Direct withdrawal leads to medical problems.
Direct workforce needs to be customer-friendly.
Directed electives are subject to approval of the academic advisor and department chairperson.
Directed fisheries are active only in New York and Canada.
Directed service is that which comprises the job itself.
A directed study is a course
Directed studies are a way for art students to learn on their own, outside the classroom.
Directed studies are courses.
Directed studies are possible in various topics.
Directed studies can have one to five students participating.
Direction cosines are another useful method for determing rectangular components.
Direction indicator shows the direction of play.
Direction of movement is also important.
Direction of movement is from right to left.
Direction of movement is parallel to the strike.
Direction of traffic depends on location of client and server.
Direction of travel is clockwise.
Direction of travel is consistent.
Direction of travel is counter-clockwise.
Direction of travel is from bottom to top of figure.
Direction of travel is from the bottom to the top of the photograph.
Direction of travel is toward the camera.
Direction vectors are useful when there is no fixed distance.
Direction also assists with resistances and roadblocks along the way.
Direction also helps determine the fetch .
Direction also is taken from a global perspective.
Direction are available upon request.
Direction are on the webpage .
Direction buy college text book online.
Direction can be a very confusing concept.
Direction can be either ' forward ' or ' reverse '.
Direction can wait now.
Direction carries full-length articles, short features, research notices, and book reviews.
Direction Change the orientation of the frames within a frame.
Direction changes at the start of the second half.
Direction comes from directed people.
Direction comes from what people value most.
Direction comes with numbers.
Direction communicates a specific way to accomplish the mission.
Direction cues from disparate elements.
Direction demands insight, foresight, hindsight.
Direction describes the preparation and briefing phases, where staff have ownership.
Direction describes whether there is a positive or negative relationship between the variables.
Direction emphasizes sadism and jingoism instead of true patriotism.
Direction flows out of a life of prayer.
Direction has out whatever denver.
Direction identifies a b or a d , a p or a q .
Direction indicates where the swell is heading.
Direction involves technique and alignment.
Direction is a big problem.
Direction is a major reason for the retreat.
Direction is a Manhattan direction.
Direction is a non-negotiating approach.
Direction is a route
Direction is added after magnitude is calculated and it is always in favor of the larger mass.
Direction is ago .
Direction is also a good way to allow patients to share their concerns and worries more easily.
Direction is also a major player.
Direction is an interesting variable because it can be either uni directional or bi directional.
Direction is another important element in social dance.
Direction is available from senior management in terms of broad objectives.
Direction is average.
Direction is below the x axis as shown in the figure.
Direction is changed by sliding sideways in the turn with their back foot then leading out.
Direction is color-coded, certainty of estimation is coded as saturation.
Direction is controlled by clubface angle and the path of the club into the ball at impact.
Direction is controlled with the arrow keys, holding shift down to run.
Direction is Cruelty except none wrist under either courage.
Direction is derived by simply looking at the timing of the quadrature signals from the encoder.
Direction is designated first in reference to North or South, then to East or West.
Direction is determined by the position of the sun.
Direction is determined by velocity and intent.
Direction is distorted elsewhere.
Direction is done on a limited basis as individualized learning with a trained spiritual director.
Direction is either clockwise or counterclockwise.
Direction is established.
Direction is estimated.
Direction is evident.
Direction is expressed using eight compass points.
Direction is given again.
Direction is given and questions answered for participating high schools.
Direction is given as if to a fighter pilot.
Direction is given in tens of degrees clockwise from true North.
Direction is given in the development of needs assessment designs for the school district.
Direction is given regarding counseling and setting a productive academic course.
Direction is given to the formation of personal original painting styles.
Direction is given to the formation of personal, original painting styles.
Direction is good.
Direction is handled with the cosine function.
Direction is implied.
Direction is important only when the wind is involved.
Direction is in degrees from north as measured by a compass.
Direction is in radians off of going straight ahead.
Direction is inclination.
Direction is inherited.
Direction is located off campus and offers complete confidentiality.
Direction is maintained as one triangle slides along the other to the desired position.
Direction is maintained as one triangles is slid along the other to the desired position.
Direction is messages.
Direction is most important.
Direction is needed to help such towns realize their goals.
Direction is no problem.
Direction is noted for the door.
Direction is one thing but almost as important is distance .
Direction is one.
Direction is output direction, in three components.
Direction is paths.
Direction is pedantic, with the big hair show scenes looking tawdry and ridiculous.
Direction is poor and so is the story.
Direction is poor.
Direction is positions.
Direction is primarily verbal.
Direction is provided by a board of volunteers elected annually by the general membership.
Direction is provided by full time recreation staff.
Direction is provided for appropriate utilization of Black perspectives in traditional psychology.
Direction is provided for how teachers can stimulate student thinking about issues in each domain.
Direction is provided on how to pursue careers through advanced study or employment opportunities.
Direction is provided through student-instructor conferences.
Direction is received from a higher level administrator.
Direction is received from either the chief cook or a dietitian.
Direction is received from higher level specialists or supervisors.
Direction is received from the laboratory director or the medical staff.
Direction is received through periodic conferences from an administrative supervisor.
Direction is set.
Direction is shown by the orientation of the line segment, and by an arrow at one end.
Direction is simple.
Direction is stately and ritualized.
Direction is terrible.
Direction is the angle between a line and an arbitrary chosen reference line.
Direction is the application of a leader's philosophy, the actions resulting from it.
Direction is the easiest to fix.
Direction is the final point.
Direction is the key here, rather than position.
Direction is toward northeast.
Direction is uncertain, as it circumnavigates around the origins of the memorial.
Direction is uneven and shaky in portions.
Direction is used to represent positive or negative effects.
Direction is what makes the movie run at it's fast pace.
Direction isa relation.
Direction listed with frog is direction of travel to enter the diverging route.
Direction occurs as a response based on sound information, planning and a specific focussed goal.
Direction once selected is retained unless it is changed using radio option buttons.
Direction plays an important role in a soldier's everyday life.
Direction related to roll-back factors is moved to sec.
Direction requires having the same animal going in the same direction.
Direction requires oversight.
Direction reviews scholarly and semi-scholarly books from a variety of disciplines.
Direction s to the camp .
Direction Specifies up or down.
Direction spend Cruelty under none wrist opposite either courage.
Direction suggest beside none despair after greet madeira recipe.
Direction tells the motor in which direction it is to make the movement, left or right.
Directions Add carrots and sugar to diced apples.
Directions Add the nut mixture to the egg mixture.
Directions answer one of the following questions completely.
Directions Answer the questions based on the web page given.
Directions appear below.
Directions appear in shaded blocks of text.
Directions Apply directly on carpets where pets frequently traffic or sleep.
Directions Apply liberally as often as necessary.
Directions Apply liberally twice daily.
Directions Apply to a dry surface.
Directions are accessible when needed.
Directions are also available over the phone.
Directions are also on the wall above the machine.
Directions are always clear and concise.
Directions are an explicit part of the vector network topology.
Directions are applicable to both left and right hands.
Directions are as follows.
Directions are at bottom of page.
Directions are at the bottom of every page.
Directions are at the bottom of the page.
Directions are at the deli.
Directions are at top of reverse.
Directions are available .
Directions are available at the back of the church, or call.
Directions are available at the parish office.
Directions are available below .
Directions are available by phone when making tour reservations.
Directions are available by the printers.
Directions are available for anywhere in the Bay Area.
Directions are available for resizing the screen.
Directions are available from any of our service providers.
Directions are available from both galleries.
Directions are available from our maps page .
Directions are available from the menu above.
Directions are available here .
Directions are available here.
Directions are available if needed.
Directions are available in a waterproof box at the entrance to the labyrinth.
Directions are available in Adobe Acrobat format .
Directions are available in image and text format.
Directions are available in the mailbox.
Directions are available in the previous month's issue.
Directions are available near the workstation.
Directions are available on how to search local archives in Western New York.
Directions are available on our web site.
Directions are available on that page as well.
Directions are available on the directions page.
Directions are available on the FAQ page .
Directions are available on the hotel web site.
Directions are available on the SMIS introduction page.
Directions are available on the software and in the instruction manual.
Directions are available on the table in the entryway.
Directions are available on-line .
Directions are available online .
Directions are available online here .
Directions are available online.
Directions are available to the central office , all regional offices and other hearing locations .
Directions are available to the Extension office.
Directions are available to the office.
Directions are available upon request.
Directions are available wherever tickets are sold.
Directions are available, as is a simple gif map .
Directions are available, but be sure to allow plenty of time for learning how to use the equipment.
Directions are available.
Directions are below .
Directions are below the form.
Directions are below the map.
Directions are below.
Directions are beside the machine as well as a user sign in sheet.
Directions are brief and can be communicated nonverbally, if necessary.
Directions are clear and concise, and feature a handy 'escape route' to cut the walk short.
Directions are clear and easily mastered.
Directions are clear and easy to follow.
Directions are clear and easy to read.
Directions are clear and simple and there are good diagrams.
Directions are clear and simple, while visual examples are crisp, absolutely gorgeous and numerous.
Directions are clear and simple.
Directions are clear and with color photos to make the experiences easy for everyone.
Directions are clear in the formal complaint cover letter.
Directions are clear, concise, and easily understood.
Directions are clear, cursors and navigation icons are large and easy to find.
Directions are clear, detailed, and accompanied with examples.
Directions are clear, explicit, and reassuring.
Directions are clear, with frequent tips.
Directions are clear.
Directions are clear-cut, specific and easily understood.
Directions are easy to follow.
Directions are easy to understand.
Directions are easy.
Directions are essentially the same for walking or driving, except where noted.
Directions are fairly easy to follow.
Directions are followed, quality of comments is high.
Directions are for a baby quilt but can be used for any size.
Directions are for a full coverage A, a comfortable B, or a scanty C cup.
Directions are for one person.
Directions are for rotary cutting.
Directions are for sissies.
Directions are for smaller size with larger size in parentheses.
Directions are for smallest size with larger sizes in parentheses.
Directions are for the man.
Directions are forthcoming.
Directions are from a nearby reference point.
Directions are from the first floor of the East Wing.
Directions are good.
Directions are here .
Directions are here given concerning the peace-offering, if it was a sheep or a goat.
Directions are here.
Directions are important.
Directions are in every message.
Directions are in the box.
Directions are in the enclosed brochure.
Directions are in the file itself.
Directions are in the filling cabinet.
Directions are in the help file.
Directions are in the introductions in each part of the material.
Directions are in the NMR Cook Book .
Directions are in the printed edition of the newsletter.
Directions are in the room.
Directions are in the storage and disposal section of the label.
Directions are in the student guide.
Directions are included for the location of the lake.
Directions are incorrect.
Directions are inside the newsletter.
Directions are lengthy, but quite clear.
Directions are misleading or missing.
Directions are more abstract than outcomes.
Directions are on each freeform page template.
Directions are on inside of top cover.
Directions are on most sites.
Directions are on nearly every page of the site.
Directions are on our Information page.
Directions are on race application.
Directions are on the application form.
Directions are on the back.
Directions are on the bottle.
Directions are on the bottom of the forms.
Directions are on the bottom.
Directions are on the can.
Directions are on the chat page.
Directions are on the enclosed flyer.
Directions are on the forms.
Directions are on the main page.
Directions are on the main treasure hunt page.
Directions are on the maps.
Directions are on the order page.
Directions are on the package.
Directions are on the page.
Directions are on the recorder.
Directions are on the schedule page.
Directions are on the webpage link above.
Directions are on the website as well.
Directions are on their web site.
Directions are online, as well as articles on a variety of health issues.
Directions are online.
Directions are posted at the office.
Directions are reasonably accurate in limited regions.
Directions are select people connection , select private room and type iggies .
Directions are self-explanatory.
Directions are short and to the point.
Directions are sign posted very well.
Directions are simple and direct and choices are limited.
Directions are simple and direct.
Directions are simple and easy to use.
Directions are simple to all our locations.
Directions are simple.
Directions are sometimes cryptic or plain confusing.
Directions are that simple.
Directions are the eight normal directions, including up and down.
Directions are the same as above.
Directions are the same as for .go .
Directions are the same eastbound and westbound.
Directions are then as from the South.
Directions are then as from the West.
Directions are there.
Directions are to be determined from Jerusalem.
Directions are too detailed to be included here.
Directions are true in limited areas.
Directions are true only along the equator.
Directions are unclear and as a result students are confused as to what they are supposed to do.
Directions are usually on the bottom of the screen and options change from screen to screen.
Directions are vague.
Directions are very clear and easy to follow.
Directions are very clear, with illustrations to show exactly what to do and expect.
Directions are very easy to follow.
Directions are wash and peel the potatoes.
Directions are well-written and easy to follow.
Directions are zero-based.
Directions Ask children questions about their mommies and write the questions and answers down.
Directions Ask if any students have ever been to the fair in their local community or county.
Directions Ask students to examine the different log marks used by Michigan lumbering companies.
Directions Ask students to take a measuring tape and measure each room in their home.
Directions Beat butter and cream cheese in a large bowl until blended.
Directions Beat butter until fluffy.
Directions Beat together butter, sugar and eggs.
Directions become a guide for caregivers or trainers to use in teaching clients a specific skill.
Directions Begin by setting the bowl in the pie pan to avoid spills.
Directions Begin to boil water in pot for noodles.
Directions below are from Town Center lights.
Directions Blend all ingredients in a blender.
Directions Blend together the cream cheese and mayonnaise.
Directions Bring a flashlight.
Directions Bring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan over hight heat.
Directions Bring water for the pasta to a boil over high heat.
Directions Call for directions and apointment for private showing and testing of all of our stock.
Directions Call for directions.
Directions Call for reservations.
Directions Call the pro shop for travel instructions.
Directions can be deceptive, especially at night.
Directions can be for many people.
Directions Check out other free workshops , offered every month in Alexandria.
Directions Clean the bean sprouts.
Directions Clean the mushrooms with a damp cloth or paper towel.
Directions Click a beach ball on the map to the right for information about that earthquake.
Directions Click a city on the left to see the directions to that area.
Directions Click above for an enlarged map.
Directions Click an image above to browse styles within that group.
Directions Click any link for Hilites of their speeches and links to the speakers and sponsors.
Directions click here for a map and driving directions to our home office.
Directions Click on either map to get a larger version.
Directions Click on map to enlarge.
Directions Click on map to navigate.
Directions Click to see a map and for directions to the theatre.
Directions Combine all the ingredients into a pot and bring to boil.
Directions Combine the first group of ingredients and bring to medium boil.
Directions come with both.
Directions come with order.
Directions come with the product.
Directions Consider something widely used, and absolutely essential.
Directions continue as the class uniformly labels each of their segments with the designated terms.
Directions continue in shaded box below.
Directions Create a short straight or curved race course.
Directions Create moon phase card stands.
Directions Cut collards into large bite size pieces.
Directions Cut fajitas in to small strips .
Directions Cut flower shapes from the fun foam and glue at the top of the clothespin.
Directions Cut off tops of peppers.
Directions Cut out flower vase shapes from the wallpaper.
Directions Cut the chicken into small pieces.
Directions Cut the hilsa fish into darnes and wash well in cold water.
Directions Cut the string into four equal lengths of one foot or more.
Directions Discuss the situation with the students.
Directions Divide the class into groups of four to six students.
Directions Draw a sun with rays coming out as straight lines.
Directions Enter a starting and destination point.
Directions Enter words that describe a product or service.
Directions Evaluate two of the four articles listed below.
Directions Evenly distribute shaved ice into four glasses.
Directions Fill a large pot three-quarters full of water and bring to a boil.
Directions Fill a shallow pan with sand.
Directions Fill the coffee maker with cold water.
Directions Fill the pie pan about half full of milk.
Directions Find directions to any facility, subdivision, or neighborhood courts.
Directions Fly into New York City.
Directions Fold a construction paper in half, lengthwise.
Directions Fold the construction paper in half to form a card.
Directions follow .
Directions follow for each procedure.
Directions follow for each review process.
Directions follow for making fruit leathers.
Directions follow the blue line Directions follow the blue line.
Directions Follow the directions that accompany the enema kit.
Directions follow the directory listing.
Directions Follow the links to each page.
Directions follow the maps, or click Here .
Directions Follow the usual directions for baking chocolate chip cookies.
Directions Get detailed directions to Science City.
Directions Get directions between any two addresses.
Directions Get directions to our church.
Directions Get directions to our store.
Directions Get directions to the facility.
Directions Get driving directions on-line.
Directions Get general directions to the race track from all directions.
Directions Get here from there.
Directions Get in a quiet place, and a non-distracted mood .
Directions Get more information .
Directions Give students an introduction to prepositions.
Directions given are specific and detailed, and work is closely supervised.
Directions Have the children decorate their cup with crayons, markers or coloured stickers.
Directions Have the children draw a picture of their mom cooking.
Directions Have the children draw a picture with the crayons on the sandpaper.
Directions Here are directions to our house .
Directions Here is an easy to follow map.
Directions homepage Overhead map .
Directions includes links to the ferry schedule.
Directions Invite children to be detectives for a day.
Directions involve fundamental research, methods and program development, and provision of support.
Directions is a selective local sourcebook for students attending college.
Directions is always on the lookout for articles, essays, columns, commentaries, poems, artwork etc.
Directions is an internet publication, first and foremost.
Directions is less expensive and easier to use.
Directions is three and a half minutes of driving bliss, a gorgeous melody clocked in strings.
Directions is well established with an excellent success record.
Directions Let the children choose pictures and objects from their favority holiday cards.
Directions Listed below are links to directions from some of the major cities in Texas.
Directions listed here are for a dried stain.
Directions Listen to each of the musical excerpts below.
Directions Look for the yellow awning on the front of the hotel.
Directions Make sure can is clean and washed and free of any residual liquids.
Directions mandate that there can be no substitutions or modifications at all.
Directions Measure the current pH of the solution.
Directions Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat.
Directions Melt the chocolate over very low heat, stirring until completely melted and quite smooth.
Directions Melt the ghee, put it in a pot.
Directions operates with national coverage.
Directions Pick a fabric with stars etc.
Directions Pick over crabmeat to remove any shell or cartilage.
Directions Plan a shanty boy's meal with the students.
Directions Pour the oil into a medium or large skillet set over medium heat.
Directions Pour the pain into a small plate or saucer.
Directions Prepare the batter.
Directions Provide the students with a large sheet of unlined white paper.
Directions Put a heaping teaspoon of the filling in the middle of each dough round.
Directions Put a little oil in the bottom of a medium sauce pan over medium heat.
Directions Put all ingredients into plastic container.
Directions Put chestnut into pan and pour water.
Directions Put crackers through blender on high speed until powdered.
Directions Put the dry mustard in a small bowl.
Directions Put the quinoa in a bowl and add cold water to cover.
Directions Put the sour cream in a large bowl, add the vanilla pudding mix.
Directions Put wet string on top of ice cube.
Directions Read each section carefully.
Directions Read it through carefully and answer each question.
Directions Read the definitions and supply the correct words over the numbered blanks.
Directions Read the following.
Directions Read the question.
Directions Read through the hands-on tutorial to gain an overview of the process.
Directions Read with care.
Directions recommend treating the upper teeth first.
Directions recommend use of a nit comb to remove nits.
Directions relate to statutory reviews of looked after children, care plans and visits.
Directions Remove fat from the chicken and then salt and pepper it.
Directions Remove or cover exposed food, dishes, utensils, surfaces and food-handling equipment.
Directions -Remove the husk from the tomatillo.
Directions Saute the onions in oil till translucent.
Directions say it takes five mintues for the unit to warm up.
Directions see Eagles below.
Directions See the map below for our exact location.
Directions See the map in the link below.
Directions See website.
Directions Select a file to submit.
Directions Select green mangoes with seeds still tender and unmeshed.
Directions Show the addresses of the sites and what the titles are and their descriptions.
Directions show the bevel angled under the saucer.
Directions Sift the flour, salt, and baking powder, and sugar into a large bowl.
Directions Sift together and set aside flour, cocoa, soda, salt and baking powder.
Directions Sift together the flour, baking powder and salt.
Directions Simply copy the below code, and save it as a separate html document.
Directions Simply download the following file , and follow the instructions in the readme.txt file.
Directions Simply download the following file .
Directions Sprinkle the yeast over the water and stir in the sugar.
Directions Start from the car park in front of the village hall, facing the school.
Directions Start in the square in front of the church.
Directions Stir together flour and salt in a medium-size bowl.
Directions Stir together flour, powdered sugar, and cornstarch in a large mixing bowl.
Directions Stir together soy sauce, broth, sesame oil, vinegar and sugar in a small bowl.
Directions Take a look at the campus maps or street directions .
Directions Take a round pita bread.
Directions Take one or two capsules daily.
Directions Take orally as stated below or use as directed by a doctor.
Directions Talk with students about making quilts and Civil War themes.
Directions teach quick and easy production techniques.
Directions tell exactly how and when to take the medicine.
Directions Tell kids to bring the words to their favorite song to class.
Directions Tell students that chemicals are substances held together by bonds.
Directions Tell students that many mountains in countries like Japan are actually active volcanoes.
Directions then continue as described above.
Directions There are four trailheads that access the wilderness.
Directions Thoroughly mix all the dry ingredients in a large mixing bowl.
Directions Tie simple knots at the distances shown below.
Directions Trim the chicken breasts.
Directions Turn twist-lock top.
Directions Use a pruning shears to cut the branches from the tree.
Directions Use a separate page for each building.
Directions Use once or twice per day after a meal.
Directions Use roly eyes, tiny beads, bits of felt or paper for the eyes.
Directions vary for each service.
Directions vary for importing to each software package.
Directions vary greatly according to point of origin.
Directions View a map with directions.
Directions View the driving directions and a map to our offices.
Directions Visit their web page for specific directions.
Directions Wait for the image to load then connect the dots to reveil Mt. Rainier.
Directions Warm the sake in a small sucepan.
Directions Wash the pig's trotters under running water and place in a large pan.
Directions Wash the potatoes well and peel the onion.
Directions written is Spanish and English.
Direction always helps.
Directions often suggest placing the container in a bright location next to a window.
Directions sometimes take a little getting used to.
All directions are approximate.
All directions are below.
All directions are brief, yet detailed enough for guidance.
All directions are equally likely to be the direction for a given burst.
All directions are equivalent, so up and down have no meaning.
All directions are equivalent.
All directions are from a coxswain's perspective.
All directions are from the Roosevelt Inn in Keystone.
All directions are open.
All directions are relative.
All directions are traversable.
All directions are wheelchair accessible.
All directions begin with a freeway.
Any direction can be the reference vector, as long as it is clearly defined.
Any direction going up is the right direction.
Any direction is appreciated.
Any direction is fine.
Any direction is the right one.
Every direction is a wonder, every angle and view.
Every direction is 'candy' for the eye.
Every direction is from the viewpoint of the students.
Every direction is seen from the pilot's viewpoint, unless it is clearly stated otherwise.
Every direction offers a fantastic view.
Every direction provides spectacular mountain views.
Most directions are Ok.
Some directions are available for microwave blanching of vegetables.
Some directions are too long to print on the pesticide label.
Some directions give identical behavior while others offer a different behavior.
A directional antenna is an antenna
Directional antennas are antennas.
Directional antennas are best suited for stationary point to point applications.
Directional antennas can be very helpful.
Directional antennas concentrate the coverage pattern in one direction.
Directional arrows allow students to easily move backward and forward.
Directional arrows are affixed on many anemometers.
Directional arrows are also available.
Directional arrows indicate proper directional rotation.
Directional arrows show how the modeling clay is to be worked.
Directional assistance is limited, depending on the distance and direction of the sound.
Directional assistance is limited.
Directional call is given to a definite station or definite country .
Directional control is by a similar wheel at another part of the control car.
Directional control is obtained by moving the joystick in any one of the eight directions.
Directional control is obtained by proper positioning of the face of the nonsymmetric boring head.
Directional control is provided by symmetric rudder deflection.
Directional control operates with or without the lights on.
Directional control valve A valve to control the flow of air in a certain direction.
Directional control valves for hydraulic and pneumatic systems are similar in design and operation.
Directional couplers are also the first stage of taps.
Directional couplers can be very broad band.
Directional cues can prevent or minimize such disorientation.
Directional d rilling with a downhole motor requires a deflection device to change hole direction.
Directional effects appear when required, but never become overly pronounced.
Directional effects are in almost every scene, and the battle scenes sound next to awesome.
Directional effects are much more clearly defined, and the bass packs a real wallop.
Directional effects are present during fight scenes and everything sounds quite good.
Directional effects are rare and subtle when they do occur.
Directional effects are somewhat limited, with the surround channels seeing very little action.
Directional explosives throw fragments from the face of an explosive charge.
Directional exposure is also a factor in species distribution.
Directional Forecasts Provide information on market volatility and directional pricing.
Directional forecasts provide real-time information on market volatility and directional pricing.
Directional growth responses to light which compensate for a plant's inability to move.
Directional hearing is only weakly dependent on the rise time of acoustic stimuli.
Directional hearing is only weakly dependent on the steepness of the onset of acoustic stimuli.
Directional illumination comes from a localized source.
Directional information is in red text.
Directional information scattered across several signs is consolidated into a signal sign.
All directional keys are in relation to the star compass.
Any directional lamp emits light energy in the shape of a cone.
Directional leadership is strategic leadership.
Directional lights allow users to specify lights which are positioned infinitely far away.
Directional lights are for the benefit of the other drivers.
Directional lights can number up to five and be in different colors and intensities .
Directional lighting produces shadows that can help locate surface defects such as burrs or pits.
Directional lighting provides visual queues as to the orientation of the cones.
A directional microphone is a microphone
Directional microphones are always the best choice.
Directional microphones are microphones.
Directional microphones have some disadvantages.
Directional microphones receive sound more efficiently from one direction than from others.
Directional movement compares the portion of today's price bar that moves beyond yesterday's.
Directional movement favors the bulls.
Directional movements are in brackets.
Most directional movement requires a keystroke combined with holding down another key.
Directional notation is behind the avenue name.
Directional notation is in front of the street name.
Directional orientation becomes second nature while flying.
Directional pad is responsive and the eight progammable keys are within easy reach for most people.
Directional pans are frequent and accurately placed.
Many directional patterns are available. .
Directional plans are flexible plans that set out general guidelines.
Directional reading is introduced.
Directional selection can lead to the formation of a new type from an existing type.
Directional selection causes a shift in populations phenotype distribution.
Directional selection favors larger flowers driven by pollinator preference.
Directional selection favors one or the other of the extremes.
Directional selection favors phenotypes of one extreme of the range of variation.
Directional selection favours extreme values of a trait.
Directional selection is the easiest mode of selection to visualize.
Directional selection is the primary cause of phenotypic diversification.
Directional selection is the spread of an advantageous allele through a population.
Directional selection occurs when selection pressures favor one extreme of the trait distribution.
Directional selection requires new mutations to arise.
Directional selection selects against one extreme.
Directional selections take places.
Most directional selections take places.
Directional shear is critical in determining the nature of convection.
Directional shear refers to a change in wind direction with height.
Directional signs are erratic in the sprawling park, so the park map is essential.
Directional signs are on the exit ramps.
Directional signs are prominent.
Directional signs are visible.
Directional Signs Click on any of the thumbnails below to see a larger image.
Directional signs give distances.
Directional signs guide travelers to their destination.
Directional signs guide visitors in driving through the free light display.
Directional signs have arrows indicating visitor's path and escape route.
Directional signs indicate all locations within the college.
Directional signs indicate the distance and direction.
Directional signs lead to the clubhouse.
Directional signs make businesses easier to find.
Directional signs point the way to the park.
Directional signage is provided throughout the reading room.
Directional signage is quite popular when dealing with large exhibits and retail situations.
Directional solidification is a common method for processing metals and for growing crystals.
Directional solidification progresses inward from the mold inner surface.
Directional sound is also useful to help people find each other.
Directional sound is used to further enhance the sense of immersion.
Directional sources provide for such things as torches or spot lights.
Directional spout varies vapor direction both horizontally and vertically.
Directional stability is excellent and the plane feels as if on rails when flown straight and level.
Directional stability is excellent.
Directional stability is poor, and pushing one into position around an aircraft is no simple chore.
Directional stability is supplied by an aerodynamically shaped side keel, kick-up rudder and tiller.
Directional stability is supplied by an aerodynamically shaped side keel.
Directional tires have an arrow on the sidewall and are usually specified as directional.
Directional trimming causes the majority of new growth to grow away from our powerlines.
Directional tweeters can overcome room obstacles.
A directionality is an asymmetry
Directionality captures the essence of the fourth dimension in which the ghosts reside.
Directionality does make a huge difference.
Directionality is always more pronounced at high frequency than low.
Directionality needs to be added to the roads.
Directionality refers to the facilitative or debilitative aspects of anxiety.
A directive is a declaration
Directive is a keyword httpd recognizes, followed by whitespace.
Directive is a keyword HTTPd recognizes, followed by whitespace.
Directive is rescinded.
Directive refers to the landscapes which are of major importance to wild species.
Directive sets out a list of permitted exceptions, which is exhaustive.
Directive Takes a single point.
Directives are a form of product certification.
Directives are detailed, remove discretion and are subject to audit.
Directives are in place to ensure collaboration among different development actors.
Directives are more common than regulations.
Directives are ordering.
Directives are permanent issuances that are in force until canceled.
Directives are special commands that can alter the normal processing of the file.
Directives are still in the clearance process with the union.
Directives are the mechanism by which European-wide legislation is enacted.
Directives are URLs that contain the keyword acweb followed by the directive.
Directives become firmer, opening up competitive opportunities.
Directives can have more than one parameter, and multiple parameters are separated by white space.
Directives can now take up to three arguments, and can take optional arguments.
Directives come first Just a couple more things about directives.
Directives control advanced features and transformations on a local basis.
Directives control conditional processing of sets of rules in a policy file.
Directives enable, disable, or modify a feature of the compiler.
Directives enclosed by square-brackets provide information to the message loader.
Directives function as command switches used within the input file rather than on the command line.
Directives have a less immediate character.
Directives have to be transported by Member States into their own legal system.
Directives includes rules, regulations, operating policies, procedures and practices.
Directives live forever.
Directives normally affect the text between the directive and a closing directive.
Directives outline essential requirements for products in each category.
Directives provide for cost-effective reduction of risk.
Directives provide the assembler with information on how to assemble a .ASM file.
Directives remain in effect until they are superseded, canceled, or expire.
Directives start with a period as the first character on the line.
Directives tell people to do something in a particular way.
All directive is in the access.conf file.
All directives begin with a double colon followed by the directive name and the parameter list.
All directives begin with a period.
All directives start with a period.
Most directives use one or more elements of args to create their output.
Some directives ignore the scope parameter.
Some directives require space-separated arguments.
Directivity is an asymmetry
Directivity is never perfect.
Directo cardholders can access our toll free customer service with any cardholder questions.
A director is an administrator
Director actually does a little bit of cleaning up at the end of the last frame.
Director allows a variety to methods to play sound.
Director allows commands to be routed to different places from a single point of control.
Director allows for users to produce high-quality multimedia.
Director announces annual awards for natural resource stewardship.
Director appeals that judgment.
Director Approves the application and advises applicant of outcome.
Director argues the award of costs is improper because no specific statute authorizes the award.
Director assesses psycho-social, medical history and background data for eligibility.
Director begins work on response.
Director can also import rich text documents and HTML text.
Director can answer questions.
Director can handle tons of graphics, and is way more flexible in regards to animations.
Director can provide any other information or assistance that the above people are unable to supply.
Director can simply swap one image for the other on the fly.
Director carries changes through curriculum committees.
Director ceases to service sprites when paused.
Director cites no authority for that proposition.
Director combines graphics, sound, animation, text, and video into one amazing package.
Director determines final approval.
Director develops the self study manual.
Director discusses the developmental purpose of performance evaluations at staff meetings.
Director displays images differently than a painting program.
Director encourages cooks to experiment.
Director favors the one who can act .
Director gives green and red light.
Director gives green light and red light .
Director has better game-based scripting capabilities.
Director has no authority to alter pre-shift examination requirements.
Director has to have sensitivity, tell a story.
Director has to keep things in proportion.
Director however is more than complex and multi-dimensional.
Director includes many features and capabilities which allow high quality output to videotape.
Director is a fully-loaded, mature authoring environment for multimedia professionals.
Director is a huge application.
Director is a much more complex environment and requires a commitment to learn.
Director is a multimedia authoring tool previously used for making interactive CD-ROMs.
Director is a multimedia authoring tool.
Director is a multimedia development tool that was initially designed to develop stand-alone titles.
Director is a multimedia software program with endless possibilities.
Director is a multimedia tool used to create animations.
Director is a nonlinear program that makes it a favorite authoring platform for CD-ROMs.
Director is a powerful authoring system.
Director is a program that lets people prepare computer files that contain sound, images and video.
Director is a robust multimedia development platform.
Director is a sophisticated multimedia authoring package that the pros use.
Director is a utility for entering and displaying directions for a journey.
Director is aimed at serious Multimedia authors.
Director is also useful for the prototyping and usability testing stages of software development.
Director is an application used to create animation's and multimedia presentations.
Director is an employee of the corporation.
Director is an observer.
Director is clean, clear and versatile.
Director is in charge of how the game parts fit together and how everyone works together to do it.
Director is involved in high-level policy making.
Director is just plain cool.
Director is primarily a raster based-animation package.
Director is professional in natural resource management.
Director is responsible for all aspects of the accounting cycle.
Director Is responsible for directing the youth football and youth volleyball athletic programs.
Director is responsible for program development and the periodic evaluation of current programming.
Director is sufficient for most multimedia courseware authoring works.
Director is the best but the learning curve can best be described as cliff-like.
Director is the key to any serious multimedia developer.
Director is the maestro that puts it all together.
Director is the most powerful creative tool for multimedia applications.
Director is the predominant title.
Director is the program of choice for animation, multimedia, and Web design.
Director is tie-breaker.
Director is time-based .
Director is undecided.
Director is used as the main software.
Director is used to create visuals, animation and interactivity within a single working environment.
Director isa administrator.
Director likes it or enhance it, that's all.
Director maintains a number of settings which can be set and overriden for individual sound cards.
Director make good use of film.
Director makes final decision.
Director makes it easy to get almost instant results.
Director makes sure staff and public are aware of policies.
Director mean the director of the office of campaign and political finance.
Director meets with the leadership team to discuss getting started with the self-study.
Director needs to turn in a sheet listing production team and participation of team.
Director never give line reading.
Director now appeals.
Director paints moving picture .
Director pick one.
Director picks it up.
Director picks one.
Director plays movies by animating each individual sprite as laid down by the author.
Director points to the horizon and pushs a small red button.
Director presents two points on appeal but the first point is dispositive.
Director proves there is no one way.
Director provides a full programming environment for creating sophisticated interactive multimedia.
Director provides a powerful application framework.
Director provides a set of guidance on developing distributed, asynchronous courses.
Director Provides housing for low and moderate income families and senior citizens.
Director provides verifiable credentials, offline contact info.
Director raises one point of court error, discussed below.
Director raises two points on appeal.
Director realizes mistake.
Director recognizes many common formatting tags.
Director refines the self-study manual.
Director renders final decision.
Director reports to an autonomous, nine-member board of trustees.
Director reports to the provost and holds faculty status.
Director represents the library to the public.
Director Request more information by clicking on here.
Director reserves the right to assign ratings in some cases.
Director reserves the right to change class structures.
Director reserves the right to reclassify any entry, as well as combine or cancel divisions.
Director reserves the right to split the work in three parts.
Director runs as a plug-in to the Web server.
Director says center was in compliance within a week and received environmental approval.
Director says something, do it.
Director sends comments received during the review period within one week after end of review.
Director sends itemized list of expenses to treasurer.
Director sets up registration area one hour prior to event for adult participants.
Director speaks out on dorm fires.
Director stops after playback of a clip.
Director takes a few moments to create the projector.
Director teaches four classes a year.
Director thinks in results.
Director thinks of results .
Director thinks of results.
Director turn actors loose on set.
Director turns a computer into the ultimate studio in a box.
Director urges the judgment be reversed and the revocation reinstated.
Director uses a compiled file format, so it is extremely difficult to modify the program.
Director uses the same data every time it places a cast member's image on the Stage.
Director utilises a movie or film production metaphor.
Director visits units to discuss plans and institutional effectiveness issues.
Director watches rehearsal and gives suggestions for blocking.
Director works closely with board and staff of volunteers.
Director works on the analogy of a play.
Director works personally with students.
Directors accept challenges, take authority, and plunge head first into solving problems.
Directors act as trustees of member funds.
Directors address suggestions.
Directors also receive access to company provided services.
Directors approve and fix salaries for executive officers.
Directors are able to update the tournament info directly on our website.
Directors are administrators.
Directors are adoptive parents.
Directors are agents for the nonprofit corporation.
Directors are always paranoid.
Directors are amateur volunteers.
Directors are available for phone and email interviews.
Directors are capable of cut scenes.
Directors are company agents and can make contracts on the company s behalf.
Directors are constructive trustees of the company.
Directors are corporate leaders.
Directors are each responsible for specific event coordination and recruitment.
Directors are either at large or represent contributing institutions.
Directors are eligible for re-election when their term expires.
Directors are eligible for re-election.
Directors are eligible to participate in stock option plan.
Directors are eligible to serve for two consecutive three-year terms.
Directors are executive directors.
Directors are fiduciaries.
Directors are from all counties in North Carolina.
Directors are from top corporate, education and active volunteers.
Directors are goal-oriented, so appeal to their sense of accomplishment.
Directors are happy, punters even more so.
Directors are in a wonderful position to inspire staff.
Directors are in charge of both the technical and artistic aspects of the film.
Directors are landowners who know local problems, and who volunteer their time without pay.
Directors are liable for missed filings.
Directors are more active and independent in forming board structure and policies.
Directors are much less innocent.
Directors are never too busy to meet with any student.
Directors are often the same people that teach at the school.
Directors are often too close to the play.
Directors are owners or occupiers of land within the county and are elected locally.
Directors are people.
Directors are programs which perform monitoring and debugging operations.
Directors are prominent and influential members of the communities served by the college.
Directors are really very straightforward and simple people.
Directors are reluctant to communicate independently with shareholders.
Directors are responsible for handling the performance spaces with exquisite care.
Directors are responsible for long term vision and business development.
Directors are responsible for maintaining necessary staffing at such time.
Directors are responsible for managing and conducting all the business and affairs of the district.
Directors are responsible for scripts for crewand post paperwork.
Directors are responsible for seeing to it that the assets of the company are protected.
Directors are responsible for the creative decisions of a production.
Directors are responsible for the management and exercise the rights and power of the corporation.
Directors are so focused that they can appear aloof.
Directors are subject to a statutory duty of care and fiduciary duty.
Directors are subject to an annual evaluation.
Directors are supervisors.
Directors are the backbone of any good program.
Directors are the backbone of each District.
Directors are the bridges to the private property owners.
Directors are the corporation's managers.
Directors are the management of the company.
Directors are the most sorely needed component in film, television and theatre today.
Directors are the people elected by shareholders to operate the overall business of the corporation.
Directors are the RCDs greatest strength, providing the continuity of land stewardship.
Directors are to be elected at each annual meeting.
Directors are to be elected for three-year terms by a vote of the membership.
Directors are to be in regular contact with their Branches.
Directors are to continue to determine citizenship status of participants as in the past.
Directors are top-notch professionals who work on a regular basis in Israeli theatre.
Directors are two year terms.
Directors are very independent.
Directors are very time-sensitive, so never waste their time.
Directors are, by large, creative, opinionated and strong willed.
Directors are, however, entitled to attend and be heard at any general meeting.
Directors are, in certain circumstances, able to rely on and delegate to others.
Directors arrange the details and handle the logistics of funerals.
Directors ask explanations.
Directors assent forms to be posted back to Adrian Hill please.
Directors assume roles.
Directors attend meetings without compensation.
Directors bounce in and out, and the scripts are written by different people.
Directors bring a rich input from individual state customers to planning workshops.
Directors can also help each other.
Directors can be expensive and can be hard to find.
Directors can be from other states and nations.
Directors can be officers of the corporation.
Directors can begin cutting their films while still on location.
Directors can benefit from the publications, networking, and information available.
Directors can choose to do be a special interest leader.
Directors can delete extra form submissions.
Directors can even create a favorite list for easier access to the most commonly used vendors.
Directors can explore and bookmark the links if desired.
Directors can face personal liability .
Directors can now sort their teams information.
Directors can review a wide range of essential topiccs written in short, fast-reading segments.
Directors can serve for a maximum of six years.
Directors can suggest additional subject headings or sub-headings.
Directors can use film to tell a story that tugs at our heart strings.
Directors can use position paper to educate themselves and make decisions on the grants.
Directors can, of course, be inconsistent.
Directors choose topics for discussion and consultants are brought in to share their expertise.
Directors choose topics.
Directors Click here to see pictures of the new directors.
Directors collaborate with directors.
Directors come from the corporate and professional world.
Directors come largely from the theatre department.
Directors complain that there are no creative producers.
Directors continuously assess and improve their department's performance.
Directors convene the last morning of each meeting shown.
Directors coordinate and integrate services within their department and with other departments.
Directors coordinate production of plays, television shows, commercials, and film.
Directors currently are all from Alberta.
Directors Cut .
Directors defend the credit as a simple nod to their overall management of the production.
Directors depart . . .
Directors determine whether to issue dividends.
Directors develop and manage national seminar training programs.
Directors discuss policy.
Directors do play a vital role and benefits they get for their efforts is the remuneration.
Directors do too much filming and spend too much time.
Directors earn a discount for the services that they provide.
Directors especially have to make an effort to know what's going on.
Directors even make their home phone numbers available.
Directors expect an actor to be the character upon entering an audition.
Directors face significant challenges daily.
Directors Fill in the fields below.
Directors find it less work for themselves to help their vocal groups sound better quicker.
Directors generally have five years to attain the ownership goal.
Directors give advice.
Directors give feedback.
Directors handle arrangements.
Directors hate it.
Directors have (part) arms.
Directors have (part) body substances.
Directors have (part) cell membranes.
Directors have (part) cells.
Directors have (part) corpi.
Directors have (part) cytoplasm.
Directors have (part) heads.
Directors have (part) human bodies.
Directors have (part) legs.
Directors have (part) material bodies.
Directors have (part) necks.
Directors have (part) nuclei.
Directors have (part) personality.
Directors have (part) plasma membranes.
Directors have (part) sections.
Directors have (part) vacuoles.
Directors have a duty to disclose any conflict or appearance of conflict.
Directors have a duty to give their undivided loyalty to the charitable corporation.
Directors have a fiduciary responsibility to the shareholders known as the business judgment rule .
Directors have a limited amount of time to devote to their duties.
Directors have a responsibility to speak out on issues that affect grain farmers' businesses.
Directors have a three year term of office and officers serve for one year.
Directors have additional generic options which impose some further condition.
Directors have an absolute right to inspect corporate books.
Directors have an obligation to review all materials and come to the meeting prepared to act.
Directors have authority to further redelegate at their discretion.
Directors have background material in hand for discussion with their constituencies.
Directors have continuous terms with no specified length.
Directors have different techniques.
Directors have experience.
Directors have eyes.
Directors have final cut.
Directors have hands-on experience with technology.
Directors have ideas.
Directors have limited time.
Directors have management and policy discretion between members' meetings.
Directors have much more difficulty with a choice like that than audiences do.
Directors have much to contribute as active participants in the activities of our organization.
Directors have onerous duties to the company.
Directors have problems today because it takes so long to get a movie together.
Directors have procedures.
Directors have responsibility to conduct new employee orientation and training classes weekly.
Directors have several choices under the insufficient losing chances rule.
Directors have some control over the final look of a project.
Directors have techniques.
Directors have the ability to focus on one task to the exclusion of all else.
Directors have the authority to fix their own compensation.
Directors have the power to hire, fire and make changes in the company.
Directors have the respect of their communities.
Directors have to choose plays, hold auditions and choose cast members.
Directors have to lead by example and demonstrate a clear direction and purpose for the company.
Directors have to take responsibility for the casting of productions.
Directors have two-year positions without term limits.
Directors have vision.
Directors have yet to be announced.
Directors help countries.
Directors help with tasks.
Directors hire a general manager, who is the chief operating officer.
Directors hire women.
Directors hold additional auditions by appointment as needed.
Directors hold office for six years, unless removed or otherwise disqualified.
Directors hold three year terms and meet monthly.
Directors hope the exhibit raises awareness about conservation.
Directors imagine the film before it's made.
Directors implement approaches.
Directors inform technicians of scenery, lights, props, and other required equipment.
Directors instruct actors.
Directors integrate their department's services with the hospital's primary functions.
Directors interpret plays or scripts.
Directors interpret scripts, select casts and direct performers and other aspects of productions.
Directors is a regular.
Directors is a specialty of Actors.
Directors is served from the cask along with a guest ale.
Directors know full well that few people are truly neutral when it comes to snakes.
Directors know the land.
Directors lament that they have six-hour movies that they have to edit to two hours.
Directors like to play it safe and retain adequate capital for future growth and liquidity.
Directors look at artists.
Directors look for an upturn.
Directors look to the pastor for personal spiritual direction.
Directors love it because they can now work from the floor, with total wireless freedom.
Directors love it when the pastor comes to the school and chats with staff, kids, and parents.
Directors love the fact they can talk to the cameraman and all personnel in the water.
Directors love to talk about the theatre.
Directors make adjustments in a positive manner.
Directors make effort.
Directors make faith effort.
Directors make good faith effort.
Directors make stage-pictures.
Directors manage the affairs and the business of the company.
Directors meet four times a year.
Directors meet monthly.
Directors meet on campus three times a year.
Directors meet quarterly to consider grant applications.
Directors meet quarterly to consider qualifying grant applications.
Directors move quickly and decisively.
Directors needing practice tapes please contact the choir chair.
Directors never edit their own movies.
Directors never get to sleep anyway.
Directors nominate and elect officers, deal with officer pay and do whatever else needs doing.
Directors nominate directors, actors nominate actors, etc.
Directors nominate the participants.
Directors offer expertise on environmental, financial, and business issues.
Directors only have the authority to approve the upgrade from economy to business class.
Directors only have the power to act collectively, as a board.
Directors only please.
Directors operate the recording equipment and ensure the accuracy of the reader.
Directors owe a duty of care to the company in tort.
Directors owe a duty of fiduciary care to the corporation.
Directors owe a duty of loyalty to the corporation.
Directors owe a fiduciary duty of loyalty to the corporation.
Directors owe a fiduciary duty to their company.
Directors pay tax on their personal income.
Directors pay tied to corporate performance.
Directors place an emphasis on performance skills using a wide range of music repertoire.
Directors place new employees on their first assignment.
Directors plan, organize, and promote at least two meetings each year of members in their regions.
Directors play coy.
Directors pose at the first hole.
Directors prepare budget request.
Directors provide draft of completed budget forms.
Directors provide information to local support groups and physicians.
Directors provide overall supervision.
Directors provide oversight and guidance for the organization.
Directors provide parents with a user name and password to securely log on to the site.
Directors provide supervision.
Directors receive induction and continued training.
Directors receive no compensation and serve for a term of two years.
Directors receive no financial gain nor income from their position.
Directors receive no financial income, nor gain in any way from their position.
Directors recommend a sufficient number of qualified and competent persons to provide care.
Directors recommend persons to be appointed to standing committees and task forces by the president.
Directors recommend space and other resources needed by the department.
Directors rehearse the cast and try to get their best possible performances.
Directors release statements.
Directors report having strong business and community support as well as parent support.
Directors represent a broad spectrum of the Valley's property owners.
Directors represent all areas of the county.
Directors represent ethical as well as financial concerns of owners.
Directors represent six voting districts, or areas, and serve a three-year term.
Directors represent various segments of the industry.
Directors reside in Belgium, Singapore and the United Kingdom.
Directors review submitted questions.
Directors routinely provide the following support to the branch and client.
Directors say writers have no right to dictate credits.
Directors seek assistance from their pastor.
Directors seek teachers who have a strong and open approach to ideas.
Directors select their own programs.
Directors serve a term of three years and until a successor is appointed.
Directors serve a term of two years and can serve two consecutive terms.
Directors serve a three-year term and represent alumni either regionally or by decade.
Directors serve a three-year term.
Directors serve a two-year term.
Directors serve as co-chairs of the five respective teams.
Directors serve as members of one section and one or more other groups.
Directors serve as members of the representative council.
Directors serve as volunteers and meet monthly.
Directors serve for a three-year term.
Directors serve for one year.
Directors serve for two years, and officers are elected every year.
Directors serve four-year terms of office.
Directors serve four-year terms without pay and come from a range of occupations.
Directors serve four-year terms.
Directors serve on committees and can manage special projects.
Directors serve on taskforces.
Directors serve on the program, marketing and membership, or financial development committees.
Directors serve one year in the elect position and then go on to serve two-year terms.
Directors serve staggered terms of three years.
Directors serve staggered three-year terms.
Directors serve staggered two-year terms.
Directors serve three year terms and are limited to serving two consecutive terms.
Directors serve three year terms, with six seats available each year.
Directors serve three-year staggered terms.
Directors serve three-year terms beginning with the first Annual Meeting following their election.
Directors serve three-year terms with a maximum length of service of nine years.
Directors serve three-year terms, though staggered from one to three years at the outset.
Directors serve three-year terms, while regional chairpersons serve two year terms on the board.
Directors serve three-year terms.
Directors serve two year terms, for a maximum of six years.
Directors serve two year terms.
Directors serve varying terms.
Directors serve without compensation or other tangible incentives.
Directors serve without compensation.
Directors serve without monetary remuneration.
Directors serve without pay for staggered three-year terms.
Directors set up information booths to introduce their camps.
Directors share the ultimate responsibility for investments.
Directors sit closest to the CEO and chairman.
Directors Sound works with major motion picture companies and independent filmmakers.
Directors still have that authority.
Directors support distribution.
Directors take actions.
Directors take appropriate actions.
Directors take notice.
Directors tell the actors and crew how to put the show together.
Directors tend to be garrulous, colorful, and unwilling to relinquish their opinions.
Directors tend to be overachievers who are competitive, self-reliant, confident and productive.
Directors tend to keep working hard to manage through the crisis.
Directors then select their best performers and technicians to be the competition company.
Directors to develop strategies.
Directors treat potters.
Directors typically elect the officers and only participate in major business decisions.
Directors typically have four-year degrees in human services and previous managerial experience.
Directors use a wide variety of techniques, philosophies, and levels of collaboration.
Directors vary the depth of field of shots, from shallow to deep, to achieve desired effects.
Directors vote on key matters and adopt the majority decision.
Directors watch people.
Directors will have authority.
Directors work on a voluntary basis.
Directors work with student designers to produce the play during a three-week rehearsal period.
Directors work within their designated areas to establish and prioritize fund-raising efforts.
Directors work, unpaid, for the memberships' best interest.
Directors often combine several kits to equip an entire production.
Directors often combine several Kits to equip an entire production.
Directors often conduct call backs by invitation to finalize the casting.
Directors often give notes to the actors at the end of the rehearsal.
Directors often have preferences for styles and techniques.
Directors often interview and hire new employees.
Directors often look to supervisors to take care of the Utopian details.
Directors often present.
Directors often think a dog can do anything an actor can.
Directors often use film as social commentary.
Directors usually bring in their own writers.
Directors usually determine the price of shares.
Directors usually post requirements for auditions on the greenroom board.
All directors are also company insiders.
All directors are available for interview.
All directors are different because they're all different people.
All directors are eligible for re-election.
All directors are insiders.
All directors are stakeholders in the business.
All directors are volunteers elected by the credit union's members.
All directors desire creative and meaningful methods to motivate students to improve their skills.
All Directors have many years experience in market research and management.
All directors have voting rights.
All directors serve as volunteers on an unremunerated basis.
All directors serve on various committees and the assignments change over the years.
All directors serve without compensation.
All directors suffer from temporary myopia.
All directors work on a volunteer basis.
Any director can make a biopic but to truly understand the person involved is where the magic is.
Every director brings a vision.
Every director has a different style of functioning and approach towards the project.
Every director has a different style.
Every director has a duty to act in good faith in the interests of the company.
Every director is different.
Every director is unique.
Every director needs to know the rules.
Every director obviously knows to a certain extent that an actor has to be convinced.
Every director owes a duty of care to the nonprofit corporation.
Every director wants that credit.
Every director welcomes the opportunity for discerning audiences to discuss and debate their work.
Many directors are now more than a little uncomfortable working in large-scale theatres.
Many directors are on uneasy ground when giving actable adjustments to actors.
Many directors are wary of losing quality and personal control of their menus.
Many directors avoid fund raising for a variety of reasons.
Many directors check their colors on their best monitors.
Many directors end up using the same actor's picture after picture.
Many directors find their many responsibilities challenging.
Many directors like to inquire about others works by their favorite writers.
Many directors picture it as mundane, a secondary part of the agency's function.
Many directors skillfully choose natural backgrounds to add depth to the images of their projects.
Many directors take a stab at the vampire genre, but few revisit the theme in future films.
Many directors throw in visual flourishes just because they can.
Most directors address suggestions.
Most directors agree that far too much time is spent on playing and replaying the same set of music.
Most directors are very careful because they're setting standards for their departments.
Most directors are willing to spend some time with beginning directors.
Most directors ask explanations.
Most directors assume roles.
Most directors average eight hours.
Most directors believe such exploitation violates directorial ethics.
Most directors choose to present fight scenes in rococo, spectacularly violent bursts.
Most directors choose topics.
Most directors collaborate with directors.
Most directors continue with call backs by invitation.
Most directors deliberately call attention to the way their camera movies.
Most directors discuss policy.
Most directors give advice.
Most directors give feedback.
Most directors handle arrangements.
Most directors have different techniques.
Most directors have experience.
Most directors have eyes.
Most directors have ideas.
Most directors have procedures.
Most directors have techniques.
Most directors have vision.
Most directors help countries.
Most directors help with tasks.
Most directors hire women.
Most directors implement approaches.
Most directors look at artists.
Most directors make effort.
Most directors make faith effort.
Most directors make good faith effort.
Most directors provide overall supervision.
Most directors provide supervision.
Most directors release statements.
Most directors return each season to conduct band, jazz ensembles, show choirs, and concert choir.
Most directors support distribution.
Most directors take actions.
Most directors take appropriate actions.
Most directors take notice.
Most directors treat potters.
Most directors use the cinema simply to illustrate the connecting of narrative dots.
Most directors work here only reluctantly, dreaming of big budgets and more enviable locales.
Some directors also share producing duties for their own films.
Some directors are despotic, barking commands from behind the footlights.
Some directors are great with the camera, they're very cinematic.
Some directors are hesitant to believe the move is finally happening.
Some directors are in a bit of disagreement when it comes to recognised the value of the degree.
Some directors are really good with action.
Some directors are technically pre-eminent and others depend upon their intellect.
Some directors are truly auteur in that they write, direct and star in their movies.
Some directors are very good with actors, dramatics and staging.
Some directors are willing to change everything possible in order to appease their actors.
Some directors begin as actors and eventually transfer to directing.
Some directors blame conservative lawmakers.
Some directors can do suspense well.
Some directors compare notes.
Some directors compose each shot with both the soft-matted picture and the full image in mind.
Some directors contact representatives.
Some directors defend the possessory credit up to a point.
Some directors fear sharing program control with parents.
Some directors get ideas.
Some directors get prisons.
Some directors have a stronger hand than others in the making of a film.
Some directors have authority.
Some directors implement strategies.
Some directors inform members.
Some directors investigate death.
Some directors know how to use special effects well.
Some directors listen to stories ahead of time and preplan what they play.
Some directors live for their work.
Some directors live in other counties or even other states, according to state records.
Some directors make rules.
Some directors praise the actor's craft and attitude.
Some directors report operations.
Some directors request assistance.
Some directors reveal themselves through a single world.
Some directors say that they don t buy from farmers because of red tape and higher costs.
Some directors say they are using special awards to keep CEOs from jumping ship.
Some directors see digital video as a chance to add historical perspective to a film.
Some directors share duties.
Some directors take a fairly casual attitude toward making recommendations.
Some directors take a journey into the exotic past, some into the perilous present.
Some directors take notes.
Some directors think that their teachers are hard to please.
Some directors use computer-operated spots controlled from the console.
Some directors use nudity and sex scenes to titillate.
Some directors work in conservation.
Some directors work in saiga conservation.
Some directors work years.
Some directors write letters.
Directorate concurrence is required for division chief approval.
A directorate is a board
Directorate chairs the working group mentioned above.
Directorates are boards.
Directorates are central government bodies belonging to a ministry.
Directorates explain unit shortfalls and the planned corrective action to the chairperson.
All directorates concerning networking have responsibilities for some aspect of the project.
A directorship is a position
Directorship has offices in Greenwich, New York and Paris.
Directorship is a consulting, research and publishing firm specializing in corporate governance.
Directorship is a part-time job.
Directorships are positions.
Directorships are still available check email for more information.
Directory assistance has no listing for the complainant.
Directory assistance has no number listed for the office.
Directory assistance is available at varying rates from several long-distance carriers.
Directory assistance is poised to follow.
Directory assistance is provided seven days a week on a twenty-four hour basis.
Directory assistance is the 'killer app' of the wireless Internet.
Directory assistance is the most labor intensive telecommunications service.
Directory assistance provides customers with telephone numbers.
Directory editors are also responsible for creating subcategories and reorganizing site listings.
Directory editors are responsible for investigating any questionable site listings.
Directory editors look for sites with good design to add to their indices.
Directory editors reject sites they consider to be of poor quality.
Directory editors select submissions, determining placement and organisation of the directory.
Directory enquiries is a case in point.
Directory entries are variable-length to allow file names the greatest flexibility.
Directory entries consist of a collection of attributes.
Directory entries list a file name and a pointer to the location on the hard drive.
Directory entries offer short abstracts of pages or sites.
Every directory entry is a member of a number of object classes .
Some directory entries have middle names, others have middle initials.
Directory names apply only to files on disk devices.
Directory names are always lowercase .
Directory names are case insensitive.
Directory names are case sensitive.
Directory names are file names with a trailing slash.
Directory names are limited to eight lower-case letters.
Directory names are preferable than file extensions .
Directory names are simply file names in their parent directory.
Directory names begin with digits so that they appear at the head of directory listings.
Directory names can be upper, lower or mixed case.
Directory names change often.
Directory names consist of the four letter department abbreviation followed by the course number.
Directory names end with a slash and file names end with .htm or .html .
Directory names follow the same rules as file names.
Directory names specify the image size in pixels.
Some directory names are common and are used by multiple accounts.
Directory path is the location of the web site within the server's file structure.
Directory server accounts.
Directory servers are all different animals.
Directory servers are in effect, big phone books.
Directory servers are vital to corporate productivity, handling most email and messaging tasks.
Directory service checks users' authorization.
Directory services are also important in the enterprise.
Directory services are an essential part of today's network-centric computing infrastructure.
Directory services are another key feature of remote-control programs.
Directory services are one of the key network infrastructure services needed for e-business.
Directory services are the cornerstone for creating intelligent networks.
Directory services are the cornerstone of the company's turnaround strategy.
Directory services depend on namespaces.
Directory services organize resources into a hierarchical structure or tree.
Directory services play a significant role in supporting interlibrary loan services.
Directory services provide a smorgasborg of search services and other directories.
Directory services provide an ability for users to search for files and information.
Directory services provide authentication and authorization for some services.
Directory services provide the cornerstone of e-business strategies.
Directory services rank very high in studies of the sites most visited by Internet users.
Directory services use selection criteria for choosing links.
Most directory services offer data acquisition driven competition to new entrants in the market.
Some directory services provide no protection, allowing anyone to see the information they contain.
Some directory services provide no protection, allowing anyone to see the information.
Directory structure can be tricky in Windows.
Directory structure remains.
Directory structures are also very important to working efficiently.
Directory synchronization updates each directory server with the changes.
Directory traversal is possible, also in recursive display mode.
A directory is a reference
Directories allow entries to be grouped and categorized.
Directories allow users to browse and to be more vague or general in their search term.
Directories also collect data in quite the same way, so a similar optimization can prove useful.
Directories also have permissions.
Directories also have search engines that either search their contents or the whole web.
Directories also have theircontents counted.
Directories also list businesses church and street locations.
Directories also make it easier to integrate ecommerce sites with back office systems.
Directories also play a key role in Cisco's policy networking strategy.
Directories also provide a specific target market.
Directories appear in the right scrolling list and data sources in the left scrolling list.
Directories appear in the stack in the order they are displayed by the dirs builtin.
Directories are a database of stored information about web sites.
Directories are a feature of the file system.
Directories are a good place to begin when starting a subject or name search on the Internet.
Directories are a good place to begin.
Directories are a good place to find invisible Web content.
Directories are a little trickier to remove.
Directories are a part of the deep Web.
Directories are a passive listing of Internet sites compiled by people.
Directories are a unique type of file that give hierarchical structure to the file system.
Directories are a wonderful source to pinpoint an ancestor between census years.
Directories are also appropriate search tools.
Directories are also available as Internet databases and a selection are included below.
Directories are also available for purchase by non-profit and governmental agencies.
Directories are also part of the command line or path for a file.
Directories are also very useful for tracking an ancestors migrations and addresses.
Directories are an essential part of the infrastructure necessary to conduct e-business.
Directories are an organized and convenient way of storing useful data.
Directories are another source of e-mail addresses.
Directories are areas or folders that store files and other directories.
Directories are at another level, one more indirection.
Directories are available at local bookstores and public libraries.
Directories are available at no cost to members.
Directories are available by annual lease or by outright sale.
Directories are available by chapter or by area.
Directories are available for community members to locate useful services statewide and locally.
Directories are available for distribution.
Directories are available from the medical plans .
Directories are available in libraries around the Metropolitan area.
Directories are available in quantity to local organizations.
Directories are available of local arts organizations and professional associations.
Directories are available on most search engines.
Directories are available to all members free of charge.
Directories are available to locate names inscribed on the wall.
Directories are available to locate names on the walls.
Directories are best for finding information on big or popular topics like TV shows or politics.
Directories are biannual and published in alternative years.
Directories are blue, and other items or files are different colors.
Directories are branches.
Directories are categorized lists of sites picked out by human editors.
Directories are collections of Internet sites organized by subject.
Directories are collections of resources organised into categories.
Directories are collections of websites that have been manually indexed or categorized.
Directories are completely different from search engines.
Directories are computer files.
Directories are databases of Web sites that are listed by category.
Directories are different than search engines.
Directories are different to search engines, in that they rely on human perusal of Web sites.
Directories are different.
Directories are easy to use.
Directories are efficient but limited.
Directories are efficient, indices are comprehensive.
Directories are especially useful for browsing by topic.
Directories are essentially subject trees of links to Web pages.
Directories are everything except the leaf nodes.
Directories are files that contain indexes needed to locate other files.
Directories are free and are available to the public.
Directories are free to photo buyers.
Directories are free.
Directories are galaxies within the universe, and files are stars within a galaxy.
Directories are generally available only for larger citites.
Directories are generally easier to use than search engines.
Directories are generally out of date before they are published.
Directories are good at identifying general information.
Directories are good for finding general information .
Directories are good starting points for exploring the large number of music sites.
Directories are good starting points for research.
Directories are great for broad topics.
Directories are great for browsing similar sites.
Directories are great for searching fairly broad topics, because they screen for the best web sites.
Directories are great resources for linking internet surfers.
Directories are hierarchically organized lists of internet resources, generally manually compiled.
Directories are high-level abstract constructs that are convenient for grouping files together.
Directories are how computers and networks know what stuff is and where it goes.
Directories are huge lists of web sites compiled by people.
Directories are human indexed.
Directories are ignored, an appropriate warning message is printed.
Directories are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Directories are in alphabetical order.
Directories are in bold face .
Directories are in Russian and contact information is provided.
Directories are in the upper windows, files are in the lower windows.
Directories are inseparable from the issue of security.
Directories are Internet catalogs which organize their links by subject matter.
Directories are just inodes that are mostly just like files.
Directories are like catalogues where human editors group noteworthy sites in an orderly fashion.
Directories are like online yellow pages.
Directories are like the yellow pages of the phone book.
Directories are lists of active members with additional personal and professional information.
Directories are lists of Internet sites arranged by subject.
Directories are lists of more options.
Directories are lists of people, organizations, etc.
Directories are lists of resources compiled by people.
Directories are lists of resources organized by topic.
Directories are lists.
Directories are located in offices.
Directories are location-independent .
Directories are man-made.
Directories are more difficult and take longer.
Directories are more focused, creating lists of Web sites organized by topic.
Directories are more like libraries.
Directories are more like the drawer that holds the files.
Directories are more selective than search engines.
Directories are more than just books.
Directories are most useful when exploring a topic area or searching for general information.
Directories are no different.
Directories are often more effective than search engines in locating research-level web sites.
Directories are often the best place to start with a straightforward search.
Directories are on the top and files are in the bottom of the window.
Directories are only available on-line here .
Directories are only useful if they are comprehensive, accurate and timely.
Directories are openable, and contain files.
Directories are organized collections of links.
Directories are organized listings of web sites that are created manually by people.
Directories are organized sort of like libraries keep track of their books.
Directories are orginal and maintained by our editors unless indicated otherwise.
Directories are out of date as soon as they are printed.
Directories are pages of that have first general catagories, and they get more and more specific.
Directories are quite expensive.
Directories are really gazetteers and trade directories.
Directories are recursively copied with their contents.
Directories are reference books.
Directories are reference work.
Directories are regular files.
Directories are searchable collections of sites that have been arranged by subject or concepts.
Directories are searchable databases of web resources, classified by people.
Directories are searchable, but their hierarchical structure encourages browsing.
Directories are shrink-wrapped with advertising inserts.
Directories are similar to filing cabinets.
Directories are simply repositories of information.
Directories are simply web documents which contain annotated menus or indices.
Directories are sites that provide a list of all the major sites and companies on the Web.
Directories are sites that, like a gigantic phone book, provide a listing of the sites on the web.
Directories are sites which attempt to categorise all the information that is out there.
Directories are something different.
Directories are special files that can contain both files and more directories.
Directories are special files that hold the names of other files or other directories.
Directories are special purpose databases usually containing typed information.
Directories are still a major concern.
Directories are still to be mutable.
Directories are stories areas.
Directories are stressful.
Directories are the best tools for managing the meta-data about resources.
Directories are the computer's way of organizing the many files that can be placed on a disk.
Directories are the individual drawers.
Directories are the key to infrastructures today.
Directories are the most important place on the Web for a site to be listed .
Directories are the same as folders.
Directories are the same thing as folders in Windows terminology.
Directories are the second type of search site.
Directories are the way in which people organize stored data on computers.
Directories are then just files that contain a list of names and links.
Directories are thus much easier to use than search engines, but they can produce limited results.
Directories are useful for finding information on a general topic.
Directories are useful for providing names, addresses, and phone numbers of potential employers.
Directories are usually available at a nominal cost, or free of charge, to the business public.
Directories are usually both browseable and searchable.
Directories are usually one single word, without periods.
Directories are usually trilingual, Belarus, English, Russian.
Directories are version-controlled objects as well as files.
Directories are very easy to use and can lead to some great discoveries.
Directories are, by definition, selective rather than all-inclusive.
Directories arrange the list of documents in a hierarchical lists.
Directories ask Web site authors to submit descriptions of pages.
Directories automatically detect changes in the filesystem.
Directories become the points of reference for applications and user services.
Directories begin with 'd'.
Directories build their databases on submissions by owners of websites.
Directories can also be access manually.
Directories can be helpful in finding internships and co-op positions with major employers.
Directories can be helpful in finding major employers.
Directories can be on a local or network drive.
Directories can be password protected to prevent unauthorized access.
Directories can be very useful, though.
Directories can contain either files or other directories.
Directories can contain one or more files and directories.
Directories can contain other directories, which are called subdirectories .
Directories can contain subdirectories and files.
Directories can help organize and access information contained in the web server itself.
Directories can hold both files and subdirectories.
Directories can hold files or other directories.
Directories can hold other sub-directories.
Directories can only be eight levels deep.
Directories can only go eight levels deep.
Directories can provide built-in fault tolerance and location independence.
Directories can store authorization information.
Directories can take a life of their own .
Directories can track down long-lost customers, for instance.
Directories categorize web sites by subject areas.
Directories coarsely divide the Web up according to subject.
Directories contain directory entries.
Directories contain fewer resources than search engine databases.
Directories contain fewer useless pages, but but indexes are updated more often.
Directories contain files, subdirectories, or a combination of both.
Directories contain groups of files that have something in common.
Directories contain lists of internet links organized by topic.
Directories contain lists of such sites, organized by topic.
Directories contain organized lists with links to specific websites.
Directories contain sites that are submitted, reviewed and compiled by people.
Directories contain sites that have been selected and reviewed by people.
Directories contain varying amounts of information also.
Directories contain web pages and often subdirectories.
Directories cover only a small fraction of the pages available on the Web.
Directories Covers thousands of engines by topic.
Directories create a table of contents for the Internet.
Directories created by the user are subdirectories of the user's login directory.
Directories creates the standard browser directory buttons.
Directories deal in thousands, or at most, tens of thousands of websites.
Directories differ from indexes, however, in the way they organize information.
Directories differ from search engines in that submissions are vetted by human editors.
Directories divide the web into categories submitted by real people.
Directories enable related files to be grouped together.
Directories exist as a patchwork of products that come as part of various applications.
Directories feature the locations and credentials of doctors, dentists and hospitals.
Directories Find an important phone number.
Directories Find contacts for each business line.
Directories find fewer and often more relevant sites.
Directories find fewer but often more relevant sites than search engines.
Directories Find long-lost friends or businesses here.
Directories Find people, businesses, toll-free numbers, websites.
Directories follow the domain.
Directories follow the same naming conventions as files.
Directories function in the web site like folders do in a filing cabinet.
Directories gather information manually.
Directories generally depend on people to maintain their listings.
Directories get their descriptors from the title of the index.html web page.
Directories Get toll-free number, email, addresses, search a reverse phone directory etc.
Directories give addresses as well as phone numbers.
Directories give fewer results than search engines but they are often of higher calibre.
Directories handle relatively simple transactions on relatively small units of data .
Directories have a browseable structure.
Directories have a folder icon, and their names and attributes show up in blue type.
Directories have a slightly different behavior.
Directories have a smaller, but cleaner index.
Directories have also a name, and some data.
Directories have folder icons and files have paper icons.
Directories have folder icons.
Directories have helped attract users, especially to the Author pages.
Directories have much smaller databases than search engines but produce more relevant results.
Directories have only limited editorial resources to handle an increasing number of submissions.
Directories have other innovative uses too.
Directories have smaller, more selective web site databases usually grouped into subject categories.
Directories Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Directories help keep the masses of files organized in a meaningful way.
Directories help locate and identify persons or organizations.
Directories help researchers locate pertinent collections.
Directories Identify general information.
Directories Includes sites that offer a categorized listing of sites on Canadian music.
Directories Includes sites that provide a directory of sites pertaining to skateboarding.
Directories is a colon-separated list of directories.
Directories is a semicolon-separated list of directories.
Directories is merely another way to describe a subject index or catalog.
Directories is the leading provider of telephone directories in Switzerland.
Directories know no borders.
Directories list and organize Web sites by category.
Directories list only the entry page to site.
Directories lists weg pages according to categories.
Directories maintain a table of active links to other directories that share related information.
Directories make an attempt to organize the resources on the web into logical categories.
Directories megasites for the booklover and other literati, including guides to regional literature.
Directories normally provide lists of web pages arranged by subject.
Directories now support more file manager operations.
Directories offer a static view of the data.
Directories offer links to other sites of individual towns.
Directories organize information in a hierarchy, and provide a means for accessing that information.
Directories organize information resources alphabetically or by subject .
Directories organize sites by categories.
Directories organize sites into subject categories.
Directories organize their listings according to subject, and are maintained by human beings.
Directories possess great qualities.
Directories provide a solid foundation for any website promotion.
Directories provide a standard way of storing and looking up data.
Directories provide a structure for the web, and search engines suck the web into a soup.
Directories provide an easy way to search for and find certificates on the Web.
Directories provide an excellent source for developing professional contacts.
Directories Provide assistance in locating particular individuals.
Directories provide both capabilities.
Directories provide categorized lists of Web sites with brief descriptions .
Directories provide guides and lists of Internet site under a certain subject.
Directories provide listings of Chiropractic professionals, clinics or offices.
Directories provide names, addresses, and phone numbers of state officials and government employees.
Directories provide reasonable quality control but a more limited selection of sites.
Directories Provides a one volume list of all the courts divided into four parts.
Directories Provides judicial federal and state boundary lines.
Directories quickly find targeted information on general topics.
Directories rely heavily on submissions for new site additions.
Directories rely on human editors to sift through pages and categorizing sites by subject.
Directories rely on submissions from users and Web site owners to populate their indexes.
Directories require forms.
Directories require more specific information during the registration process.
Directories save time . . .
Directories Searching through the all the tax information on the Web sounds overwhelming.
Directories seem to be a bit of an art form.
Directories Selected directories commonly used in business research.
Directories serve as the glue of a corporate network.
Directories show a menu of subject choices.
Directories start in an application and equipment management role.
Directories take a little more thought and persistence.
Directories tend to be compiled by human endeavor.
Directories tend to be more discriminating.
Directories tend to be smaller than search engine databases.
Directories tend to have links to specific net-based lists.
Directories tend to have smaller but cleaner indexes.
Directories treat information differently than search engines.
Directories typically have their own unique schema.
Directories typically place a website into one or more predefined categories.
Directories use human editors to organise the web by topic.
Directories vary a great deal in their accuracy, detail and in the regularity of publication.
Directories vary by purpose, scope, organization, and content.
Directories work a little differently that search engines.
Directories work well for browsing general topics.
Directories yield a smaller, but more focused number of hits.
Directory allow for a range of search options.
Directory already exists.
Directory Check out our online provider directory.
Directory collects websites, articles, and tools to help netpreneurs in making profit.
Directory comes with each gift.
Directory comes with reprint rights and flyer.
Directory contains Dallas area and nationwide preschool listings.
Directory contains data files and example scripts using MexEPS function read and write data files.
Directory contains example programs.
Directory contains executable and HTML documentation.
Directory contains pairs.
Directory contains profiles of marketing firms and departments.
Directory contains thousands of preschool listings.
Directory contains UK links for all categories.
Directory covers courses, companies, organisations, festivals, awards, etc.
Directory create, delete and rename functions.
Directory describes cooking programs in the United States and abroad.
Directory describes internships at various organizations involved with environmental concerns.
Directory describes internships available with organizations involved in human rights issues.
Directory describes jobs in ivenstment banking, and finance jobs in manufacturing.
Directory features links to variety of cat sites, including shelters, enthusiast pages and products.
Directory features resources for archers and bow hunters.
Directory Find an alternative therapy source or natural healing practitioner in the Heartland.
Directory gives author, title, keywords and abstract.
Directory gives complete name, address, product description and Fax number if applicable.
Directory has complete list of events, included with purchase of button.
Directory has lyrics, sheet music and clips.
Directory helps with service supplies and parts.
Directory Includes a list of construction and home improvement companies in the New York City area.
Directory includes accommodation, tourist information, shopping, events and local business.
Directory includes addresses, phone numbers and e-mail addresses for individuals and buildings.
Directory includes ceremony dates and the couple's names.
Directory includes listings for family services including divorce mediators.
Directory includes news, comics, games, horoscope and weather feeds.
Directory includes resorts, campgrounds, hotels, motels, bed and breakfasts and golf courses.
Directory includes retailers and wholesalers as well as personal and business service providers.
Directory includes schools, businesses, community and civic groups.
Directory is ' .
Directory is a catalog of sites collected and organized by humans.
Directory is a commercial directory dedicated to risk management.
Directory is a free database of millions of email addresses.
Directory is a great place to search for email addresses as well as phone numbers and snailmail.
Directory is a great starting point for new users.
Directory is a key foundation to building a flexible, reliable, scalable architecture.
Directory is a paid advertising listing of companies and their Web sites.
Directory is a paid advertising service of companies that seek to publicize their web sites.
Directory is a powerful tool.
Directory is a user driven directory.
Directory is alphabetical by the groom's name.
Directory is also browsable by subject or by alphabet.
Directory is available in book, CD-ROM and, soon, Web form.
Directory is browseable by country and format.
Directory is compiled by human beings.
Directory is compiled by volunteers.
Directory is comprised of email addresses, majors, and roles.
Directory is controlled by other .NET file.
Directory is distributed to all of the above towns in bold lettering .
Directory is distributed to all of the above towns in bold lettering.
Directory is for manufacturers of herbal supplements only.
Directory is free upon request.
Directory is fully searchable, enabling members to easily locate individuals and groups.
Directory is here .
Directory is important in terms of sheer volume of traffic.
Directory is inaugurated.
Directory is indexed and searchable by keyword.
Directory is initially empty.
Directory is listed by key words.
Directory is now on-line.
Directory is only available in The Center.
Directory is organised in an easy to browse interface.
Directory is organized by city and state.
Directory is organized by last name and departmental section.
Directory is our member's directory.
Directory is our online phone book, listing all personnel in alphabetical order.
Directory is published twice a year in two volumes.
Directory is purchased every other year.
Directory is searchable by name, title, code section and state.
Directory is searchable by state.
Directory is searchable by zip code.
Directory is somewhat different from the traditional directory.
Directory is strongest in special interest and entertainment areas.
Directory is the directory in which to save the uploaded file.
Directory is the name of the interface.
Directory is thorough and meaningful.
Directory is unique in several ways.
Directory is updated on a half yearly basis.
Directory is updated.
Directory Link Up.
Directory listing for travel agents is a free service.
Directory lists all of the placement centers and contact names from member schools.
Directory lists American firms with operations overseas.
Directory lists both government and non-government organizations by country.
Directory lists companies according to products offered.
Directory lists executive recruiters providing services for the financial industry.
Directory lists internships in print media and broadcasting.
Directory lists internships in the broadcasting industry.
Directory lists internships with weekly and daily newspapers, magazines, and publishing companies.
Directory lists job openings of included recruiters.
Directory lists the physical location of the directory.
Directory lists therapists by geographical location, specialty, and form of payment accepted.
Directory lists U.S.-based agencies offering internship opportunities at home and abroad.
Directory Look up names and addresses around the country.
Directory Look up phone extensions and email accounts.
Directory Make money on the internet.
Directory now lists properly.
Directory object A copy of the public key of each server that supports it.
Directory offers a comprehensive, intuitive and user-friendly online guide to Web navigation.
Directory offers free email address, message boards, web hosting and chat, plus site promotion.
Directory Offers the most comprehensive international guide to seminars and events in dentistry.
Directory Opens a list of timeservers available for time-synchronization.
Directory Points to the path name of the directory in which the file is to be created.
Directory prove a starting point for anyone doing family histories.
Directory provides a listing of the network providers.
Directory provides address and subscription information to multidisciplinary lists.
Directory provides addresses and contact person for some companies employing chemists.
Directory provides free information about services for small businesses available on the Web.
Directory provides information on aquariums, biology of aquatic creatures, environment, and fishing.
Directory provides links exclusively to sites celebrating female actors, models and singers.
Directory provides links to various topics.
Directory provides profiles of social science and public policy groups.
Directory Provides the E-mail directory for state employees.
Directory reflects how the organizations describe their own programs.
Directory represents an individual promotion plan.
Directory return a list of categories.
Directory searches Some sites offer browsable listings of topics.
Directory Shows the current data directory.
Directory tells where to find the data files.
Directory tends to have a European bias.
Directory Welcome to our home on the web.
Directory Welcome to the Total Bike maintenance and service section.
Directories often contains a great deal of information about specific topics.
Directories often establish user authentication for multiple extranet applications.
Directories often take several weeks to add a web page to it's index.
Directories often use text provided at registration .
Directories sometimes migrate between filesystems without users being aware of the changes.
Directories usually have very different performance characteristics than databases.
Directories usually yield better results on searches for common items.
All directories are actually subdirectories of the main web site.
All directories are available to the public for on-site use.
All directories are part of the deep Web.
All directories are password protected.
All directories are soon downloadable in Excel format.
All directories are subdirectories of the root directory.
All directories created under the new file system have the same default group permissions.
All directories have to be executable to be of use.
All directories rely on humans for their listings.
All directories use the same hierarchical format.
Any directory can be a mount point, although they are typically empty directories.
Any directory can contain files, or other directories.
ANY directory is fine.
Every directory can have a quota applied to it, or inherit from the parent directory.
Every directory has a name.
Every directory has at least two subdirectories.
Every directory has the time and date it was created on it.
Every directory is in-dexed.
Every directory is printed one copy at a time, custom made for the customer only.
Every directory offers different features.
Many directories also make it possible to search the database by keywords.
Many directories are also searchable.
Many directories are available in the library reference collection.
Many directories are now on the net.
Many directories are on specific topics and many are very broad.
Many directories charge a fee for review.
Many directories focus on particular interests, like music or sports.
Many directories have street maps, ward boundary maps, and lists of city officials and public works.
Many directories have subdirectories to put all similar sounds together.
Many directories now have a separate section where government numbers are listed.
Many directories now incorporate the ability to search what they have selected.
Many directories now offer paid submissions for business clients.
Many directories use data from dmoz.org.
Most directories allow keyword or natural language searches.
Most directories allows only one submission per web site.
Most directories also contain a readme file giving an overview of the directory.
Most directories also have cross indexing by streets i.e., householder or crisscross directories.
Most directories also maintain a search box for searching accross the database.
Most directories also offer a keyword search facility to query the database.
Most directories are build and owned by businesses.
Most directories are free, though some require a fee.
Most directories are searchable.
Most directories contain files called readme.pas with more details.
Most directories contain information about the history and geography of an area .
Most directories have a built in search engine.
Most directories have a limitation on the number of keywords, usually four or five.
Most directories incorporate a search facility which searches just their database of entries.
Most directories offer a search engine mechanism to query the service.
Most directories offer a search engine to query the database.
Most directories offer searching software to enable users to query the list of files.
Most directories seem to have had a creation cycle of about one month.
Most directories use both the hierarchical and keyword search methods interactively.
Some directories also contain a file 'article' which describes the program in greater detail.
Some directories also give the home addresses of women.
Some directories also supply site reviews that help in the quest for quality content.
Some directories are also portals.
Some directories are cross-platform, but work only in a single application environment.
Some directories are far better traffic generators than any tread of the mill search engine.
Some directories are free.
Some directories are further divided in sub-directories to separate different implementations.
Some directories are general interest, others are specific to one area.
Some directories are general, and some are specialized.
Some directories are in paper form while others exist as electronic databases.
Some directories are limited to a specific industry.
Some directories are more selective than others.
Some directories are renown because of their publishers.
Some directories are specific to certain colleges or geographical locations.
Some directories are unavailable.
Some directories are very specific for churches and ministries.
Some directories can be very specialized in their coverage, as well.
Some directories collect more or less types of information than other directories.
Some directories contain a lot of information and are quite large.
Some directories contain curriculum vitae extracts, addresses and telephone numbers.
Some directories cover only the city, others cover Vancouver Island and British Columbia.
Some directories focus on certain career fields, while others are general.
Some directories have a counter on the home page.
Some directories have a rating or ranking system that is explained at their site.
Some directories have a separate blue pages section for governmental listings.
Some directories have names created by no rules.
Some directories have standard mailing addresses and e-mail addresses.
Some directories only cover part of a country.
Some directories only list the prominent citizens in a district.
Some directories require payment, included in the AardvarkRV charge.
Some DirecTV receivers are also interactive-ready.
Most Dired commands operate on the file described by the line that point is on.
Dirigible designs are long and sausage shaped.
A dirigible is an aircraft
Dirigibles are incredibly fast and maneuverable.
Dirim villages are compact and surrounded by walls or hedges for protection.
A dirk is a dagger
Dirk isa weapon.
Dirk never catches the culprit.
Dirks are daggers.
Dirks gives an in depth review of the film.
Dirks have (part) hilts.
Dirks have (part) sections.
Dirks hopes to present the works of artists from every major region where Mennonites live.
Dirks knows the biggest tournaments are approaching fast.
Dirks views improvements at Leach as the university enhancing a major recruiting tool.
Dirndl dresses make no such distinction.
Dirndl dresses use machine embroidery and laces.
Dirndl dresses use showy ornamentation in profusion with quality of workmanship a secondary concern.
Dirndl dresses use synthetic and plastic products.
A dirt bike is a bike
Dirt bikes are also an excellent way to explore developing nations when paved roads are sparse.
Dirt bikes are good to learn wheelies on, because they crash cheaply.
Dirt bikes are motorcycles.
Dirt bikes rip through the sands of Lake Brooklyn where water scooters once roared.
Dirt floors are common in highlands houses.
Dirt floors can be hard to sweep, and often get dry, dusty or muddy.
Dirt floors can contribute to the risk of contamination.
Dirt floors present a potential health risk, particularly for young children.
Dirt road begins.
Dirt road can become impassable during and after rain.
Dirt road is good washboard with rocks sticking up last mile.
Dirt road is very gradual into mouth of canyon.
Dirt road leads directly to lake front.
Dirt road varies in condition due to harshness of previous winter.
Dirt roads allow off-road vehicle travel.
Dirt roads are also good but hard pack can cause injury to joints.
Dirt roads are generally passable in a passenger car, however stay off dirt roads when they are wet.
Dirt roads are impassable in spring.
Dirt roads are suitable for passenger cars when dry but can be slippery when wet.
Dirt roads are the rule in non-urban areas.
Dirt roads are well traveled, but singletrack accesses remote terrain with dangerous conditions.
Dirt roads become impassable after rains.
Dirt roads become muddy and sometimes impassable during and after storms.
Dirt roads border the property on the west and north.
Dirt roads build character.
Dirt roads can become impassable after a rain.
Dirt roads connect a matrix of small towns.
Dirt roads cross the peninsula proper.
Dirt roads have variable gravel and washboards.
Dirt roads range from bad to impassable, especially after the rains.
Dirt roads take hours to navigate and become impassable in the rain.
Dirt roads wind their way in.
Many dirt roads be-sect the great forest making access quite easy for the visitor.
Some dirt roads become impassable during the rainy season.
A dirt track is a track
Dirt track racing at it's best.
Dirt track racing in Pennsylvania is quite popular.
Dirt tracks are racetracks.
Dirt tracks are the place to learn that.
Dirt tracks criss-cross the area.
Dirt tracks feature little texturing, although they do have dirt kicking up at times.
Dirt abounds in every building.
Dirt accumulates on lamp and fixture surfaces, further decreasing light output.
Dirt acts as an abrasive on the cover material causing excessive wear during routine use.
Dirt acts like glue, and catches mould spores.
Dirt Adds a dirt effect to an image.
Dirt admit of little school but study whole wheat flour.
Dirt allows hookworm numbers to build up in the soil.
Dirt be before the augusta national.
Dirt blows into our apartment from under the door because it was never built correctly.
Dirt building up inside tone and embouchure holes can affect tuning and tone.
Dirt builds up in the track, placing more and more stress on the cables and motor.
Dirt build-up on the indoor coil is the single most common cause of poor efficiency.
Dirt can be in the varnish, on top of the paint layer, or on top of the varnish.
Dirt can cause a mouse to behave erratically.
Dirt can cause serious problems for the image analysis if it is too severe.
Dirt can damage ropes in a similar way it damages rugs.
Dirt can definitely get under the protector and on to the screen.
Dirt can greatly reduce light output.
Dirt can keep animals warm.
Dirt can sometimes accumulate on the disk change sensor and cause it to stop working properly.
Dirt causes a desire to bathes.
Dirt causes a desire to cleans.
Dirt causes a groove to be worn in the channels the balls sit in.
Dirt causes media damage.
Dirt clinging to equipment holds moisture and promotes corrosion.
Dirt clogs up the few holes in a case that supply air and can cause fans to stop working.
Dirt collects here.
Dirt collects on surfaces, reducing the amount of light reflected.
Dirt comes in many forms and it's a challenge to get anything to grow in it.
Dirt comes with some blitz build jobs, like moving and laying sod.
Dirt contains some of the bacteria hardest to kill.
Dirt contains some of the bacteria that are hardest to kill.
Dirt contains some of the hardest bacteria to kill.
Dirt continues to move.
Dirt costs half a buck but computers are free online.
Dirt deer hunting tips.
Dirt diminishes the tackiness, reducing friction and plugs the pores of the coverstock.
Dirt dulls the blades and leaves the coat looking rough.
Dirt eating, or geophagy, goes back thousands of years.
Dirt ends up in the dirt container and the air that carried the dirt ends up outside.
Dirt explain of an defeat instead flew poetry website design.
Dirt flies everywhere.
Dirt flies, plants keel over, flowers succumb to battle fatigue.
Dirt gets into scratches, and they become very obvious.
Dirt getting through the filter is what damages equipment.
Dirt goes down for miles and miles.
Dirt goes down the drain.
Dirt grinds down carpet fiber the way sandpaper wears down wood, and thus shortens carpet life.
Dirt guides Way beyond wall by an taylor made ti next trick like few vessel.
Dirt hang with an health how trying apple kitchen product.
Dirt hang with an health how trying carolina furniture bedroom sets.
Dirt hang with an health how trying dinette.
Dirt hang with an health how trying fauteuil.
Dirt hang with an health how trying inexpensive bedroom set.
Dirt have behind several past after hope psychic medium.
Dirt hire Feet inside handle between one women's sport fitness magazine or said on a vessel.
Dirt inhibits light reflection.
Dirt is a big problem, as is chemical damage and damage from UV rays.
Dirt is a common problem, especially with herbs harvested from plant roots.
Dirt is a four-letter word.
Dirt is a good ground.
Dirt is a good insulator for ants and worms.
Dirt is a good soft to firm surface that llamas can lay on regularly.
Dirt is a major source of lead because of the high levels found in the soil.
Dirt is a metaphor for a more complete alienation.
Dirt is a mullet-haired janitor who digs clothing and food out of dumpsters and lives in a trailer.
DIRT is a real estate lawyers' discussion group.
Dirt is abrasive - like sandpaper.
Dirt is abrasive by nature and increases the wear on the various motor parts.
Dirt is all over the street.
Dirt is an abrasive - like sandpaper.
Dirt is an abrasive like sandpaper.
Dirt is an abrasive, much like sandpaper.
Dirt is an abrasive.
DIRT is an internet discussion group for serious real estate professionals.
Dirt is bad.
Dirt is cheap and water is free.
Dirt is coarse and vile and very provocative.
Dirt is dirty.
Dirt is earth
Dirt is easier to remove after paper has dried.
Dirt is easier to remove after the paper has dried.
Dirt is evil.
Dirt is expensive to import or export.
Dirt is filth.
Dirt is flung violently as the tornado begins to take shape.
Dirt is for growing potatoes.
Dirt is for racing.
Dirt is free to participants and unrestricted.
Dirt is full of great advice for everyone from the beginner to the experienced rider.
Dirt is generally the cause of leaking valves.
Dirt is hard to remove.
Dirt is harmful to fiber optic connectors.
DIRT is in fact a collection tax.
DIRT is known to be outdated.
Dirt is like copper.
Dirt is like sandpaper.
Dirt is located in beds.
Dirt is located in carpets.
Dirt is located in cellars.
Dirt is located in closets.
Dirt is located in corners.
Dirt is located in desks.
Dirt is located in fields.
Dirt is located in fingernails.
Dirt is located in fingers.
Dirt is located in floors.
Dirt is located in forests.
Dirt is located in fraternity houses.
Dirt is located in gardens.
Dirt is located in ground.
Dirt is located in moons.
Dirt is located in race tracks.
Dirt is located in rugs.
Dirt is located in streets.
Dirt is located in subways.
Dirt is located in trees.
Dirt is materials.
Dirt is matter out of place.
Dirt is moldable.
Dirt is more important than people.
Dirt is news.
Dirt is nothing more than matter which is in the wrong place.
Dirt is one thing, ants another.
Dirt is plentiful, so adobe bricks are used for many of the houses in the countryside.
Dirt is pollution, the inevitable by-product of commerce.
Dirt is pretty simple.
Dirt is put in the hopper with a backhoe.
Dirt is really misplaced soil.
Dirt is soil.
Dirt is something which has no useful form.
Dirt is such a joint-friendly surface.
Dirt is the finest stuff on the face of the earth.
Dirt is the giver of life.
Dirt is the most valuable currency here, though they never explain why.
Dirt is the number one cause of premature belt failure.
Dirt is the remains of what was once soil, or debris that never was soil to begin with.
Dirt is the stuff people track in houses.
Dirt is the stuff that stains clothing and carpets, clogs drains, and silts up water channels.
Dirt is turned and construction is now underway.
Dirt is very attractive.
Dirt is where it all begins.
Dirt is where they live.
Dirt is words.
Dirt is yummy.
Dirt is, well, dirt.
Dirt is, well, dirty.
Dirt isa earth.
Dirt just likes to travel.
Dirt just mucks up all kinds of machinery.
Dirt keeps equipment and clothing from retaining body heat and resisting moisture.
Dirt kicks up.
Dirt kills trout eggs and fills up the lakes that produce hydroelectric power.
Dirt lies everywhere.
Dirt Looks like dirt but tastes great.
Dirt moves from the hose through a network of ducts to a remotely located dirt-collecting system.
Dirt offers a challenge that is unavailable without excessive speed on the street.
Dirt paths with some rocks and occasional loose stones.
DIRT publishes the Trilobite Papers.
Dirt puma baseball.
Dirt Rag a cool mag.
Dirt Rag a mountain biking magazine, with an edge.
Dirt reduces reflections.
Dirt restricts air flow and increases fuel consumption.
Dirt settles to bottom of container.
Dirt shakes out or vacuums easily.
Dirt shortens rope life by causing internal as well as external abrasion.
Dirt smells like dirt anywhere.
Dirt sounds like boy's name.
Dirt spreads from unfinished sidewalks and rivers run brown down the non-drained streets.
Dirt stacks up rapidly in the air handler and ductwork and is soon pouring into the building.
Dirt starts moving a lot faster.
Dirt stays on better flat.
Dirt surrounds their huts.
Dirt teach beyond none fruit for drunk broncos jackets.
Dirt teach beyond none fruit for drunk cleveland emerald golf bag.
Dirt teach beyond none fruit for drunk day pack.
Dirt then flows back to the oil pan where it gets trapped by the oil filter.
Dirt therefore is good.
Dirt tracks wind past bamboo groves, leafy woodlands and across tumbling watercourses.
Dirt trails with roots and rocks here and there are perfect.
Dirt turns to pavement as the sandstone walls widen and lush farmlands fill the valley.
Dirt washes out well, and they can be thrown in the washing machine and then air dried.
Dirt frequently enters the system at the time of installation.
Dirt often clings to the roots when the birds bring it in.
Dirt often contains tetanus bacilli and the use of manure as a fertilizer can add to the danger.
All dirt has a negative charge.
All dirt makes apparently, otherwise an bill of many list push.
More dirt is needed for one half of the lot.
Most dirt is the same color maybe a dark brown, a light brown or a red.
Some dirt consists of urine.
Some dirt hits boxes.
Some dirt indicates presence.
Some dirt leads to diseases.
Some dirt leads to eye diseases.
Some dirt pollutes water.
Some dirt wear on bag.
Dirty air can cause asthma and other bronchial conditions.
Dirty air can greatly reduce running time and needlessly add to maintenance costs.
Dirty air can hurt plants, in fact pollution can do deadly damage.
Dirty air can smell bad, too.
Dirty air flows through the bag from the inside, allowing dust to collect on the interior surface.
Dirty air goes into the center and the particles are strained out.
Dirty air is drawn from the bottom, filtered and sent out through the center of each daisy.
Dirty air shortens lives, and causes a long list of health problems.
Some dirty air is caused by smoke.
Dirty bikes wear out faster.
Dirty blades are more likely to cause infection.
Dirty blades run hot.
Dirty books are fun.
Dirty books are particularly vulnerable.
Dirty books tend to leave a foul taste in the mouth, and to reinforce feelings of guilt.
Dirty cantaloupes can spread bacteria.
Dirty carpets are a big turn off for homebuyers.
Dirty cats spend all their time washing.
Dirty clothing carries disease-causing microorganisms which can contaminate clean hands.
Dirty coils can also contribute to the premature failure of the refrigerator motor.
Dirty coils make the refrigerator work harder and use more energy.
Dirty coils work harder and use more power.
Dirty conditions can lift several wheels off the rails simultaneously, causing the engine to stall.
Dirty connectors create several problems.
Dirty contacts are often the factor limiting battery performance.
Dirty containers cost money.
Dirty controls can introduce electronic distortion.
Dirty covers absorb more water than they repel.
Dirty data can t rely on the data.
Dirty data is one common example of such a fix.
Dirty deeds range from clearcutting to union busting.
Dirty diapers are pretty nasty.
Dirty dishes cascade out of the sink.
Dirty dishes crowd the sink, Next there's popcorn, then a drink.
Dirty dishes is criminal slang for planted evidence .
Dirty dishs are located in dishwashers.
Dirty dishs are located in kitchens.
Dirty dishs are located in parties.
Dirty dishs are used for chore.
Dirty dishs are used for dishwashers.
Dirty dishs are used for washings.
Dirty ducts can aggravate allergies, asthma, respiratory problems and headaches.
Dirty ears are a common source of unpleasant dog odors.
Dirty eggs can contaminate both the setter and hatcher.
Dirty environments bring on diseases such as respiratory problems and wet tail.
Dirty fans are more likely to cause disturbing noise.
Dirty feathers harbor bacteria, become matted, itchy, and eventually cause illness and misery.
Dirty feeders can spread disease.
Dirty feeders spread disease.
Dirty filters are a breeding ground for parasites and bacteria.
Dirty filters can cause damage to the heater and waste energy dollars.
Dirty filters cause air conditioners to work harder and use more energy.
Dirty filters cause unnecessary strain and can lead to equipment breakdowns.
Dirty filters lead to many air conditioner problems.
Dirty filters reduce the efficiency of a system and can block air circulation.
Dirty filters restrict airflow and increase energy use.
Dirty filters suck up more energy.
Dirty fingers are thick with some silvery stuff under the nails.
Dirty fingers can damage a stamp and can make it worth less.
Dirty fingers can infect broken skin through casual contact and itching.
Dirty fingers waft like bewitched toads over slithery keyboards.
Dirty flies groom more than clean ones.
Dirty food can make a rabbit sick.
Dirty games abound, including the game of riders.
Dirty glassware needs to be cleaned before leaving the lab.
Dirty gowns go into laundry hampers.
Dirty guns mean down time, lack of pride in the department, and defects in the work.
Dirty hands are particularly useful in that respect.
Dirty hands are the major cause of diarrhea and worms.
Dirty hands can cause bacteria to grow in the water.
Dirty hands represent disapproval or resentment of a project or owner of the dirty hands.
Dirty hands spread bacteria.
Dirty hands spread germs.
Dirty heaters use more energy, so keep the heater s filter clean.
Dirty horses is a bad reflection on the barn, as well as bug infestations.
Dirty houses sell for less and take longer to market.
Dirty housing is another contributory factor .
Most dirty jobs go to the person who has the least seniority.
A dirty joke is a joke
Dirty jokes are all but forbidden, as is talk about sex.
Dirty kids are healthier than clean ones.
A dirty laundry is an affairs
Dirty laundries are located in bedrooms.
Dirty laundries are located in hospitals.
Dirty laundry comes out of the reserve container.
Dirty laundry is for the confessional.
Dirty laundry is saved for when the astronauts return back to Earth.
Dirty laundry piles up at the washing machine.
Dirty leather becomes stiff and hard because pores are plugged with dirt and grime.
Dirty lenses can decrease illumination dramatically.
Dirty lenses can decrease illumination dramatically.
Dirty limericks can be fun too.
Dirty material creates bad oders and attract bees or other pests that can harm workers.
Dirty materials cause equipment breakdowns.
Dirty money equals dirty air, dirty water and more attacks on our wildlands.
Dirty money is a possession
Dirty nibs are unreliable.
Dirty oil becomes a modified form of grinding compound.
Dirty oil creates leaks, scored bearings and over consumption.
Dirty oil indicates a problem.
Dirty oil is a sign of engine problems.
Dirty oil is a sure sign of neglect.
Dirty oil sitting idle becomes destructive to the internal surfaces of the engine.
Dirty pages are pages which can be swapped out.
Dirty pictures are really clean sex pictures.
Dirty pictures are the only bigger draw.
Dirty pictures enhance effects of injecitons.
Dirty plates can interfere in the experiment and prevent accurate results.
Dirty play is up, particularly targeting premier players.
Some dirty pots contain bacteria.
Dirty potatoes are unattractive, and the dirt itself adds to the weight of the consumer's purchase.
Dirty power can cause errors in computer files and programs.
Dirty rags are to be placed in designated covered receptacles.
Dirty rags make excellent gas masks.
Dirty record covers, leather jackets, and napkin scrawls in cases with numbers.
Dirty respirators can cause dermatitis.
Dirty sands have the porosity plugged by fine particles.
Dirty sheeting is hung up in an attempt to provide privacy.
Dirty shoes are a dead give away to a lack of money.
Dirty silver is a far more frequent experience.
Dirty snow reflects less of the solar radiation than white snow, the albedo of the snow is lowered.
Dirty snowballs is what they are.
Dirty socks increase the chance of blisters.
Dirty sounds have plenty of juice for sustaining notes.
Dirty stalls are also a risk factor.
Dirty surfaces tie up most disinfectants quickly.
Dirty talk can turn some people on, but turn others totally off.
Dirty Talk is more than just a look at the world of phone sex.
Dirty teenagers get acne.
Dirty teeth can cause other health problems.
Dirty teeth can lead to tooth loss and to health problems.
Dirty track can break the flow of current, creating a barrier between rail and wheels.
Dirty trays go in one door, and clean trays come out the other.
A dirty trick is a trick
Dirty tricks are behavior.
Dirty tricks are the order of the day here.
Dirty tricks go back a long way in Tory politics.
Any dirty trick is open season, including bribery, assault, or assassination.
Dirty water becomes drinkable.
Dirty water can cause a number of infections among other things.
Dirty water can cause sickness.
Dirty water can spread disease to humans and animals.
Dirty water contains a large number of rot-causing organisms.
Dirty water does the same thing.
Dirty water goes through one hose and clean water flows through another hose.
Dirty water is a host for disease organisms.
Dirty water is a quick route to illness.
Dirty water is a sure recipe for inducing bacterial and parasitic diseases.
Dirty water is drained at the bottom.
Dirty water is even deadlier.
Dirty water is returned to the tank after being vacuumed and filtered.
Dirty water is taken away through drains and sewers.
Dirty water leads to health problems.
Dirty water leads to problems.
Dirty water leads to serious health problems.
Dirty water leads to serious problems.
Dirty water provides a food supply for the bacteria.
Most dirty water leads to health problems.
Most dirty water leads to problems.
Most dirty water leads to serious health problems.
Most dirty water leads to serious problems.
Some dirty water causes sickness.
Dirty wives make drunken husbands.
Dirty windows are a safety hazard.
Dirty wool attracts moths.
A disa is an orchid
DISA allows load balancing so servers and storage are seamlessly added for real-time scalability.
DISA also maintains the official government JTLS site.
DISA can provide, at an additional nominal fee, a workstation with the software loaded.
DISA explicitly disavows all liability.
DISA is a non-medical association.
DISA is also the premier global source of EDI information and education.
DISA is different than auto attendant.
DISA is one of several federal agencies tackling the next phase of the information revolution.
DISA is responsible for defining the intrusion-detection plan.
DISA provides direction and monitors the network.
Disas are members of the orchid family, many of which require damp habitats in which to flourish.
Disas are orchids.
Disas are plants.
Disabilities studies is an interdisciplinary field.
Disability activists continue to work toward social change.
A disability benefit is a benefit
Disability benefits are also more generous than in general employee plans.
Disability benefits are available when an employee can no longer perform their current job.
Disability benefits are benefits.
Disability benefits are in effect after one year's participation.
Disability benefits are payable as of one year before application.
Disability benefits are payable for a maximum period of two years.
Disability benefits are sometimes subject to income tax.
Disability benefits are tax-free or subject to limited taxation under current law.
Disability benefits become taxable if premiums are paid with tax-free dollars.
Disability benefits begin when all accumulated sick leave is exhausted.
Disability benefits begin when the claim is approved and the employee is on leave without pay.
Disability benefits can last for a maximum of two years per disability.
Disability benefits end when the doctor releases the employee to return to work.
Disability benefits go to people with disabilities and their families.
Disability benefits increase the poor s ability to pay rent and avoid eviction.
Disability benefits resume if member's relapse occurs within six months.
Disability benefits take effect after a six-month period of total disability.
Some disability benefits become retirement benefits at a given age.
Disability bullying can become a type of hate crime or hate speech .
Disability bullying can become a type of hate crime or hate speech.
Disability culture encompasses a body of knowledge about societal barriers.
Disability culture is about naming, about recognizing.
Disability Cultures are the armamentarium for the emancipation from the non-disability illusion.
Disability Cultures are the organized creative activities of people with disabilities.
Disability discrimination can also happen in a more indirect way.
Disability discrimination can be either direct or indirect.
Disability discrimination can take many different forms.
Disability discrimination is indistinguishable in many ways from race and sex discrimination.
Disability discrimination is more complicated.
Disability discrimination means limitation or denial to equal access.
Disability insurance breaks down into several parts.
Disability insurance can also be useful in other ways.
Disability insurance can help prevent a personal tragedy from becoming a financial tragedy.
Disability insurance can make the difference.
Disability insurance can offer a financial safety net.
Disability insurance does pay for time off.
Disability insurance has an elimination period associated with it.
Disability insurance has exclusions and limitations.
Disability insurance is a complex product and a large part of the insurance industry.
Disability insurance is a form of casualty insurance.
Disability insurance is also a good idea.
Disability insurance is an essential, but often overlooked, part of financial protection plans.
Disability insurance is an important part of our business.
Disability insurance is available on all loans.
Disability insurance is available.
Disability insurance is included in the benefits package free of charge.
Disability insurance is insurance.
Disability insurance is provided.
Disability insurance is really income insurance.
Disability insurance is required for all students.
Disability insurance is required of all dental and dental hygiene students.
Disability insurance is social insurance
Disability insurance is social insurance.
Disability insurance is the most difficult to underwrite because it is also quite expensive.
Disability insurance is the most important insurance and the one least talked about.
Disability insurance is to some extent a middle ground.
Disability insurance is used less often because it is more expensive.
Disability insurance is, under the best of circumstances, expensive to buy on an individual basis.
Disability insurance pays a lump sum, the size of which depends on the degree of injury.
Disability insurance provides benefits in the event of partial or complete disability.
Disability insurance provides income when employees are ill or disabled and unable to work.
Disability management pays off.
Disability management remains the key to reducing claim costs.
Disability pensions are also available to wartime veterans with limited income.
Disability studies does resemble African-American studies in crucial ways.
Disability studies is more like ethnic studies.
Disability studies is very much like women's studies, African American studies, Asian studies.
Disability studies needs to choose openness as the way to legitimacy.
Disability studies shows clearly how dubious that practice is.
Disabilities affect individuals and families of all cultures at every economic level.
Disabilities affects everyone.
Disabilities also develop at the third stage of information processing, memory.
Disabilities are a bit more basic there.
Disabilities are a fact of life and, now, law.
Disabilities are a part of life.
Disabilities are central to such visions.
Disabilities are contagious.
Disabilities are expensive.
Disabilities are like personalities, each is unique.
Disabilities are nothing new.
Disabilities are obvious.
Disabilities are often invisible.
Disabilities are part of the overall balance between the natural and the supernatural.
Disabilities are surmountable.
Disabilities are the topic.
Disabilities are thought of as mysterious and dangerous.
Disabilities are treated as if they are contagious.
Disabilities Avoid disparaging terms such as crippled or insane.
Disabilities can be physical or mental.
Disabilities can be physical, mental, aural, visual, communicative, or developmental.
Disabilities can be present at birth or as the result of a specific event, such as a car accident.
Disabilities can be visual, aural, physical, communicative, or developmental.
Disabilities can effect a person's self-esteem.
Disabilities can occur at conception as a result of coincidental occurrences in the uterus.
Disabilities can range from amputation or arthritis to orthopedic, respiratory or circulatory.
Disabilities can take many forms and have varying degrees of severity.
Disabilities candidates Special test arrangements can be made for candidates with disabilities.
Disabilities cause many personal challenges.
Disabilities caused by chemical poisonings are truly preventable.
Disabilities come in many forms.
Disabilities come in many shapes and forms, some more debilitating than others.
Disabilities commonly found upon college and university populations are both visible and hidden.
Disabilities commonly seen in rehab unit are medical, orthopedic, neurological and amputees.
Disabilities defined by functional type appear below.
Disabilities don t cause people to die.
Disabilities experienced by people with brain injuries vary widely.
Disabilities fall on a continuum in terms of severity.
Disabilities has plenty of links to information on disability-related topics.
Disabilities have no limitations and can attack anyone in many forms.
Disabilities mean a reduced chance for employment.
Disabilities present additional tips to improve usability.
Disabilities range from mild mental retardation to autism, cerebral palsy and spina bifida.
Disabilities related to the mind truly frighten people.
Disabilities stem from impairments that are congenital or the residual effects of disease or injury.
Disabilities vary with each individual.
Disability affects more than one in five adults.
Disability affects one in five.
Disability affects perceptions.
Disability alone is no longer a significant predictor of in-home medical service use.
Disability also affects families.
Disability also needs more attention.
Disability arises when an impairment makes any task difficult or impossible to perform.
Disability becomes a civil rights issue.
Disability becomes another wheel to turn, another button to push.
Disability begins the day after the initial injury.
Disability buy out, also buy out at the death of a partner.
Disability can be a frightening concept.
Disability can be result of traumatic injury, birth defect or disease of the spinal cord.
Disability can be total or partial, temporary or permanent, industrial or nonindustrial.
Disability can become severe.
Disability can bring interpersonal losses as relationships end or caregiving parents age and die.
Disability can happen to anyone at any time.
Disability can last for a long time.
Disability can seem an acceptable alternative lifestyle for some.
Disability can serve as an escape from administrative or disciplinary action.
Disability causes loss of control, helplessness, isolation.
Disability challenges all notions of perfection and beauty as defined by popular, dominant culture.
Disability changes a person's world.
Disability changes over the lifetime .
Disability claims management moves online and saves time and effort.
Disability comes in many forms - some visible, some invisible.
Disability complicates the interaction of people and work.
Disability covers a broad range of physical, mental, sensory and emotional or learning difficulties.
Disability exists as a constellation of the experiences.
Disability feeds on poverty and poverty on disability.
Disability following road and work related accidents are on the increase.
Disability Get the best rate on disability insurance.
Disability happens in every culture and every socioeconomic group.
Disability has nothing to do with it.
Disability has teeth.
Disability includes mental and physical disability.
Disability includes mental impairment and learning disabilities.
Disability includes physical disability or illness.
Disability includes the problems in activities of daily living that result from the impairments.
Disability increases poverty and poverty increases disability.
Disability increases rapidly with age and it is well known that the world's population is ageing.
Disability inSite contains both factual information and opinions.
Disability inSite is comprised of excerpts from periodicals and other forms of media.
Disability is a category that is age-defined.
Disability is a complex business.
Disability is a condition, and disablement is the state of a person with that condition.
Disability is a contextual variable, dynamic over time and circumstance.
Disability is a fact of life.
Disability is a form of diversity, so that feeds into it.
Disability is a health problem
Disability is a limitation within an individual caused by physical, mental or sensory impairment.
Disability is a natural condition of the human experience.
Disability is a normal characteristic of the new human.
Disability is a normal part of being human.
Disability is a noun.
Disability is a part of life.
Disability is a part of the human journey.
Disability is a political word.
Disability is a prime cause and consequence of poverty, yet so often the causes are preventable.
Disability is a rights issue.
Disability is a tragedy.
Disability is a vital element, particularly for seniors, of estate planning.
Disability is actually as great a threat to family security as either death or old age.
Disability is almost never total in that it affects a narrow range of activity.
Disability is an example of cultural diversity.
Disability is an issue claimed both by activists and opponents in support of their arguments.
Disability is an ugly word in Australia.
Disability is another issue.
Disability is associated with fewer economic resources, thereby increasing the risk of abuse.
Disability is associated with malnutrition in institutionalized elderly people.
Disability is complex.
Disability is costly by both quality of life and economic measures.
Disability is defined as a restriction of activities as a result of impairment.
Disability is defined as a substantial impairment that limits a major life activity.
Disability is defined as some difficulty in performing one or more activities of daily living.
Disability is determined in the same way for both programs.
Disability is documented through doctors, rehabilitation counselors or other professionals.
Disability is estimated to be more prevalent in the developing countries.
Disability is everyone s business.
Disability is everywhere and touches almost everyone's life.
Disability is expensive.
Disability is experienced by all racial, social, economic, gender and age groups.
Disability is found at all social and economic positions, as well as at any age level.
Disability is generally slight.
Disability is great at any age.
Disability is in part a consequence of limitations in the external environment.
Disability is just part of that person's make-up.
Disability is medical conditions.
Disability is more common than death.
Disability is more prevalent in older age groups of the population.
Disability is natural.
Disability is never in it.
Disability is no longer an area to be dealt with by someone else.
Disability is no respecter of age, sex or race.
Disability is now one of nine identified categories against which it is illegal to discriminate.
Disability is often apparent at birth.
Disability is often the result of dangerous working conditions and poor safety standards.
Disability is only a state of mind.
Disability is part of the human condition.
Disability is part of the human experience.
Disability is relative.
Disability is seen as a fate worse than death.
Disability is seven times more likely than death to occur during a career.
Disability is something that happens to someone else.
Disability is still a hard sell.
Disability is such a degrading term and can harm one's attitude.
Disability is synonymous with loss of earning power.
Disability is the culprit when sexual activity decreases or stops.
Disability is the effect impairment has on the injured worker's ability to work.
Disability is the gap between the individual and the environment.
Disability is the most diverse minority group around.
Disability is the most often overlooked piece of the puzzle, second only to long-term care.
Disability is the most overlooked product on the market today.
Disability is the next big rights issue to conquer.
Disability is tragic.
Disability is when that impairment makes any task difficult or impossible.
Disability is, after all, a common condition of life.
Disability isa condition.
Disability knows no political boundaries.
Disability leads to health problems.
Disability leads to poverty and poverty leads to disability.
Disability leads to problems.
Disability leaves .
Disability leaves in dependency situation.
Disability means a loss of personal functions.
Disability means a substantial disruption of one's ability to carry out normal life functions.
Disability means hardship, being different from a person with a full range.
Disability means totally and permanently disabled.
Disability means vastly different things, however, depending upon the individual and the context.
Disability Now feature.
Disability Now provides information relevant to all aspects of disability.
Disability pass No charge - Good for free vehicle parking.
Disability Pays monthly income if employee becomes disabled and is unable to work.
Disability poses threat to security.
Disability prevents boarding bus by steps.
Disability prevents independent recognition of place of de-embarkation.
Disability ranks as the nation s largest public health problem.
Disability ranks as the nation's largest public health problem.
Disability refers to a limitation that affects an individual's ability to perform certain functions.
Disability refers to any and all disabilities.
Disability refers to decreased earning capacity.
Disability refers to short-term disability benefits.
Disability refers to the effect that the impairment has on the individual.
Disability resources the place to find links to all kinds disability information.
Disability respects no boundaries.
Disability stands behind the whole biomedical thrust as the condition to be eliminated.
Disability strikes low-wage workers of all races.
Disability tends to exaggerate all the ordinary issues of marriage.
Disability therefore refers to a diminished capacity to earn money rather than physical infirmity.
Disability always requires adjustment to change.
Disabilities often make people easy targets for crime and abuse.
All disabilities are mainstreamed.
All Disabilities Are Welcome.
All disabilities can have a behavioral component.
All disabilities require documentation.
All disability related correspondence is maintained in a confidential manner.
Any disability is invisible and irrelevant across the Internet.
Every disability brings a gift.
Many disabilities are invisible.
Many disabilities have no cure yet.
Many disabilities have nothing to do with disease.
Many disabilities present communication challenges.
More disabilities arise in the first half of pregnancy than at any other time in life.
Most disability affects perceptions.
Most disability leads to health problems.
Most disability leads to problems.
Some disabilities are congenital.
Some disabilities are invisible, such as brain injuries or arthritis.
Some disabilities are more visible than others.
Some disabilities are obvious right after the stroke.
Some disabilities are obvious.
Some disabilities are presumptive.
Some disabilities are readily apparent, such as mobility impairment or hand limitations.
Some disabilities are relatively easy to document, such as physical and sensory impairments.
Some disabilities are temporary but are nevertheless severely limiting while present.
Some disabilities are visible, such as a person in a wheelchair.
Some disabilities can be self-certifying, such as blindness or use of a mobility aid or wheelchair.
Some disabilities cause loss of bladder control.
Some disabilities present particular and predictable problems in assessment settings.
Some disabilities raise issues of physical access.
Some disabilities require consuming large quantities of fluids and urinating often.
Some disability has information.
Some disability is caused by injuries.
Some disability is caused by multiple sclerosis.
Some disability is caused by sclerosis.
Disable children have difficulty.
Most disable children have difficulty.
Some disable children receive benefits.
Some disable children receive monthly benefits.
Disable Device Turns the device off.
Disable group accounts, and unused system accounts, such as sys or uucp .
Disable group accounts, and unused system accounts, such as sys or uucp.
Disable illnesses require treatments.
Most disable illnesses require treatments.
Some disable individuals lack ability.
Disable people are particularly welcome.
Most disable people receive benefits.
Most disable people receive social security benefits.
Disable people receive benefits.
Disable people receive social security benefits.
Disable veterans are eligible for additional benefits.
Disable women face problems.
Disable women need assistance.
Disable women prefer partners.
Disable women raise issues.
Disable women raise particular issues.
Disable women receive careful diagnoses.
Disable women receive diagnoses.
Disable women seek care.
Disable women seek health care.
Disable women to perform tasks.
Most disable women face problems.
Most disable women prefer partners.
Most disable women raise issues.
Most disable women raise particular issues.
Most disable women receive careful diagnoses.
Most disable women receive diagnoses.
Most disable women seek care.
Most disable women seek health care.
Some disable women live in institutions.
Disable workers receive benefits.
Most disable workers receive benefits.
Disabled access is at ground level.
Disabled access is at the back door of the building.
Disabled access is at the front door.
Disabled access is available at each office.
Disabled access is available for the event, which is free and open to the public.
Disabled access is available from the front entrance of city hall.
Disabled access is available via a lift.
Disabled access is available.
Disabled access is handled by a ramp.
Disabled access is limited as the only way into the interior is by a stairway.
Disabled access is limited.
Disabled access is more than just creating access for the wheelchair-user.
Disabled access is no problem.
Disabled access is plentiful.
Disabled access is possible to all public areas.
Disabled access is provided by lift to one lab.
Disabled access is reasonable.
Disabled access is severly limited.
Disabled access is via a ramp at the side of the building.
Disabled access is via New Palace Yard.
Disabled adults living alone are also eligible.
Many disabled adults live at home with their aging parents.
Disabled anglers welcome.
Disabled animals can be the result of accidents, medical complications or poor genetics.
Disabled applicants are welcome to apply.
Disabled applicants contact the above individual.
Disabled athletes demonstrate that the abilities of human spirit are boundless.
Disabled athletes have to break through even more.
Disabled beggars are a feature of every Indian city.
Disabled beneficiaries can become overpaid as a result of medical recovery.
Disabled boy gives landmarktestimony.
Disabled characters appear in wonderful commercials pitching everything from beer to blue jeans.
Disabled child refuses vocational rehabilitation.
Disabled children are also vulnerable to child maltreatment.
Disabled children are more likely to be sexually abused than non-disabled children.
Disabled children have the right to special treatment, education and care.
Disabled children look forward to equal rights in education and an end to discrimination in schools.
All disabled children have the right to a free and appropriate education.
Disabled clients receive vocational training in computers, word processing, and electronics.
Disabled drivers call for more specialized options .
Disabled drivers can use designated spaces immediately outside the front door.
Every disabled driver can help.
All disabled elements are grey, while all active elements are a very lush blue.
Disabled employees are eligible for a parking permit with appropriate documentation.
More disabled employees can now hold meaningful positions.
Disabled facilities are also available in ground floor rooms.
Disabled facilities are also available.
Disabled facilities are available upon request.
Disabled facilities are available.
Disabled facilities are limited to occasional signed and audio described performances.
Disabled facilities are to be found nearby.
Disabled fans fare little better at other stadiums.
Disabled fields are no longer editable.
Disabled girls are twice as likely to be sexually assaulted.
Disabled hoists are available on the Loughs and also on one beat of the river.
Disabled hunters can hunt in a special area by reservation.
Disabled individuals can usually have their student loans canceled with a letter from their doctor.
Disabled individuals develop databases, design graphics, run the accounting and market the products.
Disabled individuals feel powerless in the shadow of overwhelming authorities.
Disabled individuals live with a stigma affixed by society.
Disabled individuals qualify regardless of when they became disabled.
Disabled individuals see the triangle fractured in two ways.
Disabled inventor revolutionizes Bible study with simple system.
Disabled kids do the same activities as nondisabled kids.
Disabled links have no border.
Disabled meters require a fee.
Disabled ministers are responsible for substantiating housing expenses on tax returns.
Many disabled mousers tap a variety of technologies.
Many disabled orphans spend much of their days in cribs.
Some disabled parents acknowledge, however, a lack of motivation or ability to make parenting work.
Disabled parking is also available close to the front doors.
Disabled parking is also available.
Disabled parking is at times abused.
Disabled parking is available as well as a disabled-accessible fishing pier.
Disabled parking is available at all lots.
Disabled parking is available both in front and at the rear of the building.
Disabled parking is available close to the entrance to the museum.
Disabled parking is available in all parking areas.
Disabled parking is available in all sealed carparks.
Disabled parking is available in both areas.
Disabled parking is available in both lots on a limited basis.
Disabled parking is available in designated areas in the City of Madison ramps.
Disabled parking is available on the lower level of the garage .
Disabled parking is available outside Reception.
Disabled parking is available.
Disabled parking is free and without time limits.
Disabled parking is located immediately in front of the main doors.
Disabled parking is near the building.
Disabled parking is provided and all clinics are handicap accessible.
Disabled parking is provided in marked bays.
Disabled parking is provided on campus.
Disabled parking is under the carport, next to the elevator.
Disabled Parking Permits Special parking privileges are available for individuals with disabilities.
Disabled passengers are also eligible for the half-fare program.
Disabled passengers pay a reduced price on all public transportation in the Bay Area.
Disabled patients are able to remotely control devices such as cars and robotic arms.
More disabled patients require a multidimensional approach as described above.
Disabled people are a large enough section of the human resources of any country.
Disabled people are a part of our society who are very often overlooked or disregarded.
Disabled people are all sweet, spiritual and good, or Disabled people are all bitter and resentfu.
Disabled people are among the poorest in the country.
Disabled people are anything but a soft, safe target in Britain anymore.
Disabled people are brave.
Disabled people are clearly one of the target groups.
Disabled people are consumers too.
Disabled people are infants, children, teenagers, adults, and elderly both male and female.
Disabled people are just like everyone else.
Disabled people are more than twice as likely as non-disabled people to have no qualifications.
Disabled people are more vulnerable to sexual assault for a number of reasons .
Disabled people are more vulnerable to sexual assault for a number of reasons.
Disabled people are much more likely to be victims.
Disabled people are nearly three times as likely to be unemployed as anyone else in the jobs market.
Disabled people are often victims of abuse .
Disabled people are often victims of abuse.
Disabled people are one of the most vulnerable groups in Cambodian society.
Disabled people are only about half as likely as non-disabled people to be in employment.
Disabled people are only half as likely as non-disabled people to be in employment.
Disabled people are people too.
Disabled people are simply afraid to use the laws.
Disabled people are the least utilised group in the work force.
Disabled people are the most likely demographic group to be unemployed.
Disabled people are therefore an oppressed group in society.
Disabled people are to be regarded as experts on their own lives.
Disabled people are twice as likely as non-disabled people to have no qualifications.
Disabled people are underserved or unserved in mainstream organizations.
Disabled people are unlikely to have healthy relation-ships.
Disabled people are vastly underrepresented in the teaching profession.
Disabled people can also gain encouraging benefits from the news sources, FAQs, and related links.
Disabled people can also request for extra time during the examinations.
Disabled people can be productive members of society.
Disabled people can come for a rest and treatment here.
Disabled people can go as far and as wide as they are willing to.
Disabled people can participate in and contribute to society.
Disabled people can receive legal aid from the state to pursue their case in court.
Disabled people can thrive out there in the community, given the right circumstances.
Disabled people come from all genders, classes and sectors of society.
Disabled people describe their lives.
Disabled people do a lot of exercise.
Disabled people do have sex, and many are physically able to have children.
Disabled people experience significant discrimination and disadvantage within the housing sector.
Disabled people face many physical challenges.
Disabled people face massive discrimination - being unfairly treated just because they are disabled.
Disabled people face massive discrimination and disadvantage.
Disabled people fall somewhere between the two, and sometimes through the cracks.
Disabled people get a hands-on connection with the natural environment and life cycle.
Disabled people have a lot to be worried about.
Disabled people have a right to access the same information as everyone else.
Disabled people have much to offer.
Disabled people have no obligation to treat non-disabled people politely.
Disabled people have other characteristics apart from their disability.
Disabled people have room to move easily on sidewalks.
Disabled people have special needs.
Disabled people have to gain power and make change.
Disabled people learn to manage such situations.
Disabled people present special needs in planning.
Disabled people receive specially equipped cars and wheelchairs to get around.
Disabled people represent a significant, largely untapped source of potential new teachers.
Disabled people require excellent support services.
Disabled people tend to default repayment more often than people without disability.
Disabled people tend to do work of higher quality than non-disabled employees.
Disabled people vote at a lower rate than non-disabled people.
Disabled people welcome.
All disabled people welcome with full facilities available.
Many disabled people are an inspiration and example to others.
Many disabled people find it easy and gratifying as well.
Many disabled people love to travel and gladly venture out to unknown territory.
Many disabled people reside in apartments or townhouses.
Most disabled people are sensitive to that.
Most disabled people fight to prove that they can do stuff.
Most disabled people know that syndrome all to well.
Most disabled people work.
Some disabled people feel that the very act of definition endangers the process of integration.
Some disabled people prefer a hook where objects can be hung up.
Some disabled people require greater support and, consequently, more resources than others.
Some disabled people say getting around the Roanoke Valley is a traveling dilemma.
Some disabled people sweat profusely due to medical conditions.
Disabled permits are for the exclusive use of the disabled individual.
Disabled person permits.
Disabled persons are especially vulnerable in a disaster situation.
Disabled persons can express their problems better than anyone else.
Disabled persons can wait for many years to be finally be granted a wheelchair.
Disabled persons comprise the largest minority in the world community.
Disabled persons do tend to check out other more popular chat scenes to participate in.
Disabled persons enjoy extensive rights in employment and education.
Disabled persons face serious challenges in looking for work.
Disabled persons have full access.
Disabled persons have many opportunities for recreational and competitive skiing.
Disabled persons have the inherent right to respect for their human dignity.
Disabled persons have the right to economic and social security and to a decent level of living.
Disabled persons live in institutions or with their families.
Disabled persons meet the barriers in daily life with every step.
Disabled persons share the same right to educational opportunities and services as everyone else.
Disabled persons stand.
Any disabled person is eligible to participate in an event, regardless of disability.
Many disabled persons are patients of chiropractors.
Many disabled persons depend on public transportation, taxis, and rides from friends.
Many disabled persons rely upon handrails to maintain balance and prevent serious falls.
More disabled persons get help, and more disabled persons get help in Greenland.
Most disabled persons have a fair amount of time that they can spend online.
Most disabled persons require no special work arrangement.
Some disabled persons are innocent victims injured by others.
Some disabled persons have a problem carrying jars, glasses, and pots of food and drink.
Many disabled pilots get into the air under tow, leaving their disabilities far behind.
Many disabled pilots get into the air under tow.
Disabled prisoners pose special problems compared with the general prison population.
Disabled programs spend a considerable amount of time fund raising.
Disabled ramps are on each platform for help boarding trains.
Disabled readers make different kinds of errors from good readers.
Some disabled readers come from impoverished situations.
Disabled residents receive tax breaks on utility fees.
Disabled riders welcome.
Disabled rooms are available.
Disabled service is also available.
Disabled sites are available.
Disabled soldiers continue to be in service and receive all the service benefits as hitherto fore.
Disabled spaces are available in all areas of the hospital site.
Disabled spaces are available.
Disabled spaces are usually close to the front of a lot.
All disabled spaces pay the appropriate parking fees.
Disabled status is verified with the State of Michigan.
Disabled student asks for changes Any student knows that frustration can often turn into stress.
Disabled students are also eligible.
Disabled students are no different.
Disabled students are responsible for making application for housing.
Disabled students are responsible for their own academic performance.
Disabled students are welcome.
Disabled students can take part in a laboratory from their room.
Disabled students evaluate our services.
Disabled students face numerous barriers to education.
Disabled students gain independence through adaptive technology services .
Disabled students have easy access to campus facilities.
Disabled students have to share the same resources as other students with special needs.
Disabled students have various special needs in computing facilities.
Disabled students say the regulation is necessary.
Disabled Students Speak Out.
Disabled students transfer here and say that it's easier to get around.
Most disabled students receive assistance at their community school.
Disabled toilets are available in the gardens.
Disabled toilets are available on the ground floor of the building.
Disabled toilets are easily accessible.
Disabled toilets are widely available.
Disabled travelers report on what hotels are accessible.
Disabled users can, of course, make use of the dial-up service to access information from home.
Disabled vets receiving compensation are able to purchase a home and pay no funding fee.
Disabled veterans are also eligible for an Oregon Elk tag at a reduced cost.
Disabled veterans are yesterdays soldiers, today's citizens.
Disabled veterans come with support systems that enhance their employability.
Disabled veterans know the meaning of discipline and teamwork.
Disabled veterans know the power of numbers.
Disabled veterans receive the highest priority in referrals.
Disabled veterans receive top priority in all employment services.
Disabled veterans represent a rich talent pool that is too often overlooked.
Disabled visitors are welcome and catered for.
Disabled visitors are welcome free of charge.
Disabled visitors are welcome, but are advised to telephone in advance since access is difficult.
Disabled visitors are welcome, but wheel-chair access is limited to the ground floor.
Disabled visitors are welcome, but wheelchair access is limited to the ground floor.
Disabled visitors welcome.
Disabled volunteers cause more work than they accomplish.
Disabled widows differ from the other groups because they are at higher risk for poverty.
Disabled women are less likely to be believed when they report incidents or abuse or assault.
Disabled women face discrimination from birth.
Disabled women protect the village dootor.
More disabled women live alone compared with disabled men.
Disabled workers are ready and willing to prove themselves.
Disabled workers know that jobs are hard to come by and stay on the job longer.
Disabled workers require more attention and accommodation than they re worth.
Disabled workers suffer decreased self- esteem and increased frequency of addictive behaviors.
Some disabled workers stay disabled.
Some disabled youngsters are prone to dehydration because they restrict their drinking.
A disaccharide is an oligosaccharide
Disaccharides are a class of sugars composed of two monosaccharide units joined together.
Disaccharides are carbohydrates.
Disaccharides are just two monosaccharides hanging out with one another.
Disaccharides are oligosaccharides.
Disaccharides are one of the smallest oligosaccharides.
Disaccharides are simply two monosaccharides linked together by a glycosidic bond.
Disaccharides are sugar molecules composed of two monosaccharide units.
Disaccharides are sugar.
Disaccharides are two joined monosaccharides.
Disaccharides are two monosaccharides linked together.
Disaccharides contain two monosaccharides joined by condensation.
Disaccharides contain two monosaccharides.
Disadvantage children know biological fathers.
Disadvantage children know fathers.
Disadvantage can become a disability unless there is hope.
Disadvantage Can build peak cylinder pressure beyond the threshold of detonation.
Disadvantage Can cause high exhaust and water temperatures.
Disadvantage includes cost.
Disadvantage is a liability
Disadvantage is a slower retrieval speed than a carousel.
Disadvantage is a virus that knows no boundaries.
Disadvantage is an obligation accompanying enjoyment.
Disadvantage is cost associated with restoration and creation of the wetland.
Disadvantage is groups members that are added late miss some information or experiences.
Disadvantage is high cost and low strength.
Disadvantage is high cost and specialist products.
Disadvantage is high cost, poor weldability and machinability with increasing alloy content.
Disadvantage is high cost.
Disadvantage is high temperature and liquid source requirements.
Disadvantage is higher initial cost.
Disadvantage is labor intensity.
Disadvantage is liabilities.
Disadvantage is only one.
Disadvantage is quality and resolution of the photo.
Disadvantage is relative large RTT s.
Disadvantage is that centralized manager becomes a bottleneck.
Disadvantage is that d-link is visible.
Disadvantage is that implementation of run time libraries is system and compiler dependent.
Disadvantage is that lactate is toxic to cells.
Disadvantage is that opposite team can tire one player.
Disadvantage is that resorption does occur.
Disadvantage is that revocation and propagation control gets really hard.
Disadvantage is that teachers and students have to physically go to the classroom at centain time.
Disadvantage is that the midcourt area along the sidelines is vulnerable.
Disadvantage is the branch manager's perceived loss of control.
Disadvantage is the disposal of salt.
Disadvantage is the enormous cost.
Disadvantage is the somewhat larger filesize since more java classes have to be included.
Disadvantage is the tendency to grain in coarsening.
Disadvantage isa badness.
Disadvantage Requires organization through the company to conduct and monitor the survey process.
Disadvantages Adds an expense to the project.
Disadvantages adds three years to time of first production.
Disadvantages also occur as with any attempt at amortization.
Disadvantages are a nasty shore break, which can be avoided by launching further down the beach.
Disadvantages are cost and sometimes unpredictability of placement.
Disadvantages are few and mostly personal.
Disadvantages are few.
Disadvantages are financial risks, limited mobility, and higher living costs.
Disadvantages are high cost per contact and difficulty maintaining accurate mailing lists.
Disadvantages are higher cost than the other two products.
Disadvantages are increase pain and fluid loss.
Disadvantages are increased costs in fencing and labor.
Disadvantages are lack of power and more importantly high speed freeway cruising.
Disadvantages are less tangible.
Disadvantages are low strength and toughness.
Disadvantages are obvious.
Disadvantages are of course, slow loading time.
Disadvantages are slightly decreased reliability and the initial high cost of the mechanism.
Disadvantages are surface defects on the billet propagate to the extruded product.
Disadvantages are that it has a twelve-hour lag time to be effective.
Disadvantages are that it is mostly available as plate or sheet.
Disadvantages are that the market value for many collectibles is usually completely unpredictable.
Disadvantages are that they can be noisy and they affect vehicle handling under certain conditions.
Disadvantages are the amount of paperwork involved and the difficultly of returning unwanted goods.
Disadvantages are the low value of the fiber, and the supply and demand volatility.
Disadvantages are the morbidity and the size limitation of the donor site area.
Disadvantages are the rounding-off errors possible with floating point numbers.
Disadvantages arise from the slower data collection and sometimes-large image formats.
Disadvantages Can be as hard to understand as assembler.
Disadvantages Can be messy.
Disadvantages Can cause soil erosion.
Disadvantages Can develop hefty radiation doses for doctor and patient.
Disadvantages can include computer breakdowns, server problems, and initial costs.
Disadvantages Can only wear leather armor because of meditation.
Disadvantages Collecting the waste in sufficient quantities can be difficult.
Disadvantages Conforming to the class schedule can sometimes be a problem.
Disadvantages Constructed wetlands are currently controversial.
Disadvantages Discomfort at the site of the test.
Disadvantages Done badly, they complicate design.
Disadvantages exist as well.
Disadvantages exist with any new system.
Disadvantages exist with both systems.
Disadvantages go to whichever is platform-dependent.
Disadvantages Has no offensive or defensive skills.
Disadvantages includes minor or major stroke during or after surgery.
Disadvantages Initially increases student tension.
Disadvantages Lacks offensive and defensive skills.
Disadvantages Leased lines are pricey.
Disadvantages lie in the high evaporation during hot weather and low storage efficiency.
Disadvantages lurk in the shadows, though.
Disadvantages Needs regular checking.
Disadvantages Only install in a single directory.
Disadvantages Requires more labour and time than hay.
Disadvantages result from the supersweet attribute.
Disadvantages revolve around increasing wear on waste handling equipment.
Disadvantages run deep on the Internet.
Disadvantages There are financial disadvantages to going back to work.
Disadvantages There is an added cost beyond the basic contract fee.
Disadvantages Turns kids off of reading, especially if grades are given.
Disadvantages Turns up lots of useless links or worse still links to pages that are out of date.
Disadvantages Using self-bonding also has some disadvantages.
Disadvantages always coexist with their counterparts.
Disadvantages Often requires multiple treatments.
Disadvantages sometimes work well, but like any other rules system can be abused.
Disadvantages Usually requires full access to the web server.
Disadvantages Usually requires moderate speeds.
Every disadvantage is like a chain of reasoning.
Most disadvantage includes cost.
Most disadvantages begin with the link and end with the impact.
Some disadvantage includes markets.
Some disadvantages are nuclear radiation and the chance of meltdown.
Some disadvantages are present with rigid bronchoscopy.
Some disadvantages are that extended use on certain fabrics can discolor or fade.
Some disadvantages are, it takes a while to get used to play and chat on line.
Some disadvantages do come up from using lasers.
Some disadvantages exist, too.
Some disadvantages however are bursts of RF noise generated as the neon lamps switch.
Some disadvantages lie in the slower inspection speeds required for examination of finer defects.
Disadvantaged citizens are often unable to obtain adequate legal representation for themselves.
Disadvantaged communities find it hard to access the expensive new drugs.
Disadvantaged families have less of a voice, and tend to be left out while forming a group.
Disadvantaged groups suffer from lack of access to adequate public health and social services.
Disadvantaged owners are U.S. citizens or legal permanent residents.
Disadvantaged participation is encouraged on all projects.
Disadvantaged people are a priority .
Disadvantaged piglets are also slow in getting on their feet and to the udder.
Disadvantaged students living in high-poverty areas pose unique challenges for school personnel.
Many disadvantaged students do have severe problems to overcome.
Disaffection is a deathgrip.
Disaffection is infidelity
Disaggregated data is presented below.
Disaggregated data present the most complete picture for any evaluation .
Disaggregated data shows that all students are meeting high academic standards.
Disaggregated figures show how trade rules have been managed.
Disagreeable facts are like disagreeable dogs.
Disagreeable individuals place self-interest above getting along with others.
Disagreeable people can make excellent scientists, critics, or soldiers.
A disagreement is conflict
Disagreement arises over how to achieve that goal.
Disagreement becomes apostacy only when it is nurtured with a loss of charity.
Disagreement begins here among anarchists.
Disagreement brings discourse and debate.
Disagreement can be a good thing.
Disagreement can be beneficial.
Disagreement can be constructive, if it's used to bring the group to a shared solution.
Disagreement can be healthy but do so in a professional, respectful manner.
Disagreement can be healthy.
Disagreement can easily undermine family consent.
Disagreement can lead to constructive thought.
Disagreement characterises virtually every single social, political and philosophical question.
Disagreement comes primarily from the tenured faculty group.
Disagreement comes when the solutions more than the problems themselves frighten people.
Disagreement depends on a reader's own set of assumptions and prejudices.
Disagreement exists as to the translation of many instances of the words.
Disagreement exists regarding the future of coal and nuclear.
Disagreement exists, however, about the mineral type of the ultrafine pedogenic magnetic grains.
Disagreement is a sign of non-traditional or egalitarian attitudes.
Disagreement is acceptable.
Disagreement is common, but the ratings give a good idea of relative chile heat.
Disagreement is fine as long as it is done respectfully.
Disagreement is fine, but personal attacks are unwelcome.
Disagreement is fine.
Disagreement is fundamental, and it works to the public interest.
Disagreement is good.
Disagreement is healthy and helpful.
Disagreement is healthy as it allows students to grow.
Disagreement is inevitable - and desirable.
Disagreement is limitless.
Disagreement is natural and interesting.
Disagreement is natural in a team setting.
Disagreement is therefore no obstacle to tolerance.
Disagreement makes people uneasy.
Disagreement needs to be discussed adequately.
Disagreement persists on both policy diagnosis and prescription.
Disagreement prevails even about the causes of the immediate crisis.
Disagreement raises the possibility of feelings of anger, sadness and other disturbing emotions.
Disagreement relates to enforcement consequences, i.e. the consequences of non-compliance.
Disagreement remains about the significance of treatment-associated fundic gland polyps.
Disagreement seems often to result in enmity and polarization.
Disagreement starts, however, in the way information was first stored.
Disagreement stems primarily from uncertainty.
Disagreement surrounds each step in the argument.
Disagreements are a good time to learn about turn taking and compromise.
Disagreements are a part of life.
Disagreements are acceptable.
Disagreements are common, especially when they concern workplace safety.
Disagreements are common, part of the young person's struggle to forge a separate identity.
Disagreements are conflict.
Disagreements are dangerous.
Disagreements are deep and appear irresolvable, at least in the short term.
Disagreements are frequent, divorce common.
Disagreements are just another form of marital stress.
Disagreements are legitimate, and sometimes even necessary.
Disagreements are likely.
Disagreements are merely interesting.
Disagreements are natural.
Disagreements are neat.
Disagreements are normal in a democracy.
Disagreements are normal.
Disagreements are one thing - abuse another.
Disagreements are part of life.
Disagreements are polite and friendly.
Disagreements are speech acts.
Disagreements are the way of the world.
Disagreements are to be taken up with the board.
Disagreements are usually unprofitable.
Disagreements are welcome, but please no personal insults.
Disagreements arise because vague terms or ambiguous wording is used.
Disagreements arise in use tax compliance by businesses.
Disagreements can also arise if grandparents try to take charge.
Disagreements can arise because of a number of factors.
Disagreements can be about left versus right.
Disagreements can be healthy, misunderstandings are almost always destructive.
Disagreements can be multi-dimensional.
Disagreements can be very healthy, helping the parties find nuggets of gold in competing views.
Disagreements can erupt at any time within a village or between villages.
Disagreements can have the same effect.
Disagreements can improve the group's decision.
Disagreements can improve the team's decision.
Disagreements can lead to anger and conflict.
Disagreements can make for better decisions as long as people are respectful.
Disagreements can surface and either be resolved or researched further until resolved.
Disagreements come to every relationship, even the very best ones.
Disagreements come with the territory.
Disagreements continue over several aspects of the arrangement.
Disagreements develop from time to time in relationships.
Disagreements exist about model designations, production dates, and RF baseline lengths.
Disagreements exist about the classification of ducks, but there are a number of obvious groups.
Disagreements expose the anarchy that is pick-up basketball.
Disagreements grow out of un-met needs.
Disagreements have to be worked through for the group to be able to continue.
Disagreements here are often fierce and the battle lines sharply drawn.
Disagreements lead too often to ugly gang fights.
Disagreements occur in healthy firms.
Disagreements present new insight.
Disagreements remain about staffing and mandatory overtime.
Disagreements revolve around the perceived overuse of, or reliance upon, medication as a treatment.
Disagreements still exist, and discord continues to erupt into battles.
Disagreement often causes offence.
Any disagreement is a respectful one.
Any disagreement stop the machine and give an abnormal halt indication.
Every disagreement turns into a yelling match.
Many disagreements develop over miscommunication, as well as a lack of communication.
Many disagreements exist among creationists.
Many disagreements turn into power struggles.
Most disagreements center in the intent of the words.
Much disagreement exists regarding the best practice or tools to utilize to measure outcomes.
Much disagreement still exists - and also a great deal of heresy.
Some disagreement exists over the level of support for abortion rights among young people.
Some disagreement remains about how to interpret and contextualize the openness factor.
Some disagreements are easier than others for kids to end on their own.
Some disagreements are healthy.
Some disagreements are inevitable but take flames off-line from the list.
Some disagreements are inevitable.
Some disagreements are insignificant, and some are significant.
Some disagreements are really a result of difference in perceptions.
Disambiguation pages are for avoiding confusion.
Disambiguation pages are to distinguish between pages that exist here.
Disambiguation pages are used to list links to articles that share the same name.
Disambiguation is a action.
Disambiguation is a very important task in natural language processing.
Disambiguation is achieved by selecting the reading with the highest preference value.
Disambiguation is another problem.
Disambiguation is clarification.
Disambiguation is illumination
Disambiguation thus requires information from a larger context.
Disambiguation uses a smaller number of cells, or keys, to represent the entire alphabet.
A disappearance is a departure
Disappearance isa departure.
Disappearance preserves some presence, always waning into loss.
Disappearances also continue and perhaps numerous political prisoners remain in jail.
Disappearances are departures.
Disappearances are happening.
Disappearances are still a major concern.
Disappearances continue, and detainees are sometimes beaten.
Disappearances continue, and members of the security forces beat and otherwise abuse detainees.
Disappearances have components.
Disappearances have dispersal components.
Disappearances usually occur after detention by police or military forces.
Most disappearances are a result of custody fights, or runawys from abusive homes.
Most disappearances have components.
Most disappearances have dispersal components.
Some disappearances lead to depressions.
Some disappearances lead to extinction.
Some disappearances say in statements.
Disappointed investors can escape from investments that went sour.
Disappointed suitor dies pursuing the bride.
Disappointing news is followed by a dream of the clergy.
Disappointing performance is highlighted.
Disappointment can aid in the search for contentment.
Disappointment can be a great motivator.
Disappointment can bring out the feelings in our faith.
Disappointment can lead to irritation and alienation.
Disappointment can mar plans that are made with too little flexibility.
Disappointment can set in.
Disappointment comes into our life.
Disappointment ends with embarrassed parents leading screaming children out to the car.
Disappointment faces users who type in the obvious catch-all domains however.
Disappointment here can be just as deadly as impatience.
Disappointment involves emotional loss, a temporary wilting of the spirit, thwarted desire.
Disappointment is a frequent visitor.
Disappointment is an integral part of trying to get an op-ed printed.
Disappointment is an understatement.
Disappointment is another.
Disappointment is anticipated.
Disappointment is appropriate.
Disappointment is deflected.
Disappointment is dissatisfaction
Disappointment is dissatisfaction.
Disappointment is failure.
Disappointment is inevitable, but being miserable over it is optional.
Disappointment is inevitable.
Disappointment is intense on each side.
Disappointment is justified.
Disappointment is likely.
Disappointment is sorrow.
Disappointment is the failure to satisfy our own self-centered presumptions and expectations.
Disappointment is the first experience.
Disappointment is the word that springs to mind.
Disappointment just maims.
Disappointment only maims.
Disappointment seems to be inevitable in the appointment process.
Disappointment stings the worst when expectations run high.
Disappointment takes different forms, miss, in different men.
Disappointment turns into rage.
Disappointments abound here.
Disappointments abound, setbacks are a part of the process.
Disappointments are a part of life and a part of growing up.
Disappointments are always part Of a sincere, deeply caring Friendship that is enriching.
Disappointments are devastating to stocks.
Disappointments are few.
Disappointments are inevitable.
Disappointments are like road humps.
Disappointments are more frequently the consequences than rewards.
Disappointments are natural.
Disappointments are part of the game.
Disappointments come and go.
Disappointments follow disillusionment.
Disappointments occur when students fail to achieve the level of success they envisioned.
Disappointments often result in more dedication to a cause.
Disappointment usually follows when mature unpaired birds are purchased .
More disappointments are likely when companies start announcing fourth-quarter results.
More disappointments await - at least in the short term.
Most disappointments come from members of the opposite sex.
Some disappointment is inevitable.
Some disappointments are actually predictable and preventable.
Some disappointments involve the misunderstanding of sexual terms.
Disapproval can be counterproductive to good teaching.
Disapproval is by a majority vote.
Disapproval is dislike
Disapproval is judgment.
Disapproval is messages.
Disapproval outweighs approval in North County and South County alike.
Disapproval requires immediate action to terminate the request.
Disapprovals are definitive.
Disapproved requests are subject to appeal.
Disarmament inspections grind to a halt.
Disarmament begins and refugees return.
Disarmament continues with the stopping of the arms trade, which is so lucrative.
Disarmament is demobilisation
Disarmament reduces tension and thereby the threat of war.
Disassemble ear muffs to clean.
Disassembled goal fits in carrying case.
Disassembly window allows viewing of entire program as simulator runs.
Disassociation is separation
Disassociation is the mental separation of person from place.
Disassociation refers to any intentional distraction from physical sensations.
A disaster area is an area
Disaster areas can quickly become isolated from the outside world, with little or no communications.
Disaster films are an admittedly guilty pleasure.
Disaster management is bad-prepared to deal with the media.
Disaster management is marginal in the urban growth plan.
Disaster management plays major roles.
Disaster management plays roles.
Disaster management seems to be under control at local level.
Disaster management seems to be under control at provincial level.
Most disaster management plays major roles.
Most disaster management plays roles.
Disaster mitigation can occur at any time.
Disaster mitigation is increasingly a part of a broader development strategy.
Disaster mitigation meets the prepared.
Disaster movies are inherently bad.
Disaster movies flood the entertainment media.
Disaster movies require human conflict as well as natural havoc.
Some disaster movies are funny.
Disaster plans put people first.
Disaster planning pays.
Disaster preparedness involves the entire family.
Disaster preparedness is a pain.
Disaster preparedness is activated to alert status.
Disaster preparedness is everyone's responsibility.
Disaster preparedness is the only way to mitigate the effects of a disaster.
Disaster preparedness requires careful examination of relief and recovery planning.
Disaster preparedness works.
Disaster prevention is so important.
Disaster recovery aims at minimizing the downtime resulting from disaster.
Disaster recovery can and does work.
Disaster recovery is a phone call away.
Disaster recovery is a team effort.
Disaster recovery is an increasingly popular option and one that's worth seeking out.
Disaster recovery is an integral part of managing the risks businesses face.
Disaster recovery is an old discipline.
Disaster recovery is essential to many businesses.
Disaster recovery is less of a critical issue for redundant data in warehouses.
Disaster recovery is more labor-intensive than with other packages.
Disaster recovery is more than a backup.
Disaster recovery is no joke.
Disaster recovery is of utmost importance with operational databases.
Disaster recovery is one of the biggest reasons why people buy utility suites.
Disaster recovery is possible via the secondary hosts in the majority of cases.
Disaster recovery is required. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Disaster recovery is the responsibility of the owner of the disk.
Disaster recovery is unfortunately likely to be needed at some point.
Disaster recovery is, to use a conscious oxymoron, a generic specialization.
Disaster recovery Learn some useful tricks to recover data lost in system crashes.
Disaster relief has a high priority.
Disaster relief is a gift of the American people to the American people.
Disaster relief is an enormously multifaceted process.
Disaster relief is another area where both countries coordinate their efforts.
Disaster relief is given to victims of war, conflict and natural disasters.
Disaster relief is intended to address immediate life threatening concerns.
Disaster relief is part of a larger spectrum of humanitarian assistance.
Disaster relief is part of that training.
Disaster relief requires non-traditional paths in order to effectively reach many victims.
Disaster relief works in a complicated way.
All disaster relief is a grant to our clients.
All disaster relief is an outright gift.
All disaster relief is given free of charge as a gift from the American people.
Most disaster relief comes from within the developing world.
All disaster reports are available in paper form.
Disaster research is fraught with concern.
Disaster response is a critical responsibility.
A disaster is misfortune
Disaster also brings out the worst in people.
Disaster also means spiritual comfort and witness.
Disaster awaits around every corner, with every update of software.
Disaster awaits the bold player who misses left off the tee.
Disaster becomes an issue of urgency.
Disaster can be an opportunity to create something positive and healing.
Disaster can bring out the best in people.
Disaster can come from many places, at any time.
Disaster can disrupt people's lives in a matter of minutes.
Disaster can happen at anytime.
Disaster can happen.
Disaster can hit anyone at any age.
Disaster can hit in the blink of an eye.
Disaster can hit very quickly.
Disaster can occur suddenly and without warning.
Disaster can occur.
Disaster can strike anywhere at anytime.
Disaster can strike anywhere -become a part of the chapter's disaster preparedness team.
Disaster can strike at any time.
Disaster can strike quickly and without warning.
Disaster can strike without warning at any time.
Disaster can strike, anywhere and without warning.
Disaster comes in all shapes and sizes.
Disaster comes very quickly.
Disaster does elicit change but so does education.
Disaster does happen.
Disaster elsewhere underscores the importance of efforts at home.
Disaster exists just as certainly as the coming of death.
Disaster falls upon the good and the bad.
Disaster finally arrives for voracious, empty people.
Disaster follows disaster.
Disaster happens and later has immediately become too late.
Disaster happens whenever the two meet.
Disaster hits home, new policy for urban housing recovery.
Disaster is a good teacher of human life, while happiness is a good partner.
Disaster is a threat to the fabric of our community.
Disaster is about to hit.
Disaster is always unexpected.
Disaster is an opportunity for bravery.
Disaster is an orphan.
Disaster is around the corner.
Disaster is averted.
Disaster is avoided by only two or three feet.
Disaster is burned away in the yellow and red background.
Disaster is distinguishable from trouble by the apparent severity of the loss of life or property.
Disaster is eminent.
Disaster is evaded only due to the help from the international humanitarian organizations.
Disaster is imminent.
Disaster is in the air as the party begins.
Disaster is inevitable.
Disaster is just a cut away.
Disaster is near.
Disaster is no respecter of purse or place.
Disaster is nothing new.
Disaster is obviously around the corner.
Disaster is right around the corner.
Disaster is right.
Disaster is sure to follow, it is only a matter of time.
Disaster is sure to follow.
Disaster is the result of assumptions.
Disaster is the result.
Disaster is when a wealthy business Tycoon is Murdered.
Disaster isa luck.
Disaster knows no boundaries and can happen anywhere.
Disaster leaves many looking to the government for aid in rebuilding their lives.
Disaster looms if partition boundaries are inadvertently overlapped.
Disaster looms on the horizon.
Disaster lurks on the far left, as well, with ficus trees and above-ground roots.
Disaster occurs when the problems start to come out of the woodwork after the merger is finalized.
Disaster only comes and shouts it's intents.
Disaster overtakes disaster.
Disaster permeates every corner of the society.
Disaster rewards the paranoid.
Disaster See the seismic observations from the two impacts and the three collapses .
Disaster seems imminent for the pigeons when the sign is taken down and moved to a new location.
Disaster seems impossibly far away.
Disaster seems to be part of the audition process.
Disaster soon follows for everyone over the ensuing months.
Disaster stimulate great efforts on the part of community members.
Disaster strikes a bunch of innocents.
Disaster strikes again.
Disaster strikes anytime, anywhere.
Disaster strikes as the donkey visits and destroys the couple's camp.
Disaster strikes as their plane crashes and their secrets are unraveled by a police detective.
Disaster strikes at the worst possible time.
Disaster strikes China's controversial construction of the world's largest engineering project.
Disaster strikes everyone and everyone is vulnerable in their own way.
Disaster strikes Rapid City.
Disaster strikes when a team mishandles some dynamite and a whole crew is buried.
Disaster strikes when the boat explodes, apparently killing all four people on board.
Disaster strikes, and the result is unsettling, to say the least.
Disaster symbolises legal problems, disputes, financial loss, frustrations.
Disaster therefore strikes when the nation is least equipped to respond.
Disaster threatens in Sudan.
Disasters affect areas.
Disasters affect environments.
Disasters affect everyone.
Disasters affect life.
Disasters affect many people.
Disasters affect our property values, sales revenue, and employment.
Disasters affect specific areas.
Disasters also cause death.
Disasters also provoke a great deal of interest from the public.
Disasters also result in indirect costs such as loss of employment and economic losses.
Disasters appear according to people's thoughts.
Disasters are a call to repentance.
Disasters are a disaster.
Disasters are a fact of life.
Disasters are a grave concern for all.
Disasters are a major cause of impoverishment and can reverse progress towards poverty reduction.
Disasters are a political goldmine.
Disasters are a result of poverty rather than a cause of it.
Disasters are a serious issue in the United States.
Disasters are awful.
Disasters are caused by natural phenomena.
Disasters are caused by phenomena.
Disasters are classified in various ways.
Disasters are common.
Disasters are confusing situations.
Disasters are definitely a disaster.
Disasters are destruction.
Disasters are discriminate.
Disasters are emergencies.
Disasters are even more challenging, more complex today.
Disasters are events postulated with separation and loss.
Disasters are harmeds.
Disasters are human drama and the suffering of the victims is dramatic.
Disasters are okay in the movies.
Disasters are particularly traumatic for children.
Disasters are quite scary and terrible.
Disasters are random killers.
Disasters are real.
Disasters are sometimes a part of life.
Disasters are the great levelers in the literal and figurative sense.
Disasters are the inevitable concomitant of our use, or perhaps our abuse, of the earth.
Disasters are the mother's milk of local news.
Disasters are the source of intense stress for families and individuals.
Disasters are unfortunate, but some of the damage they cause can be deducted.
Disasters are unpredictable and often devastating.
Disasters are usually events that happen at the worst time and in the worst place.
Disasters bring communities together for a common cause.
Disasters bring out the worst in human behavior.
Disasters build over days or weeks, or hit suddenly, without warning.
Disasters can and do strike libraries everywhere.
Disasters can and do strike ordinary people doing ordinary things on a computer.
Disasters can be any emergency that taxes our local resources.
Disasters can be big or small.
Disasters can be both natural and caused by human conduct.
Disasters can be external or internal or a combination for a health care organization.
Disasters can be man-made or natural.
Disasters can be meteorological, topographical, or accidental in origin.
Disasters can be of different kinds, but most are caused by forces of nature.
Disasters can be preventatble.
Disasters can befall the overconfident.
Disasters can build gradually over days and weeks, or strike suddenly with no time to prepare.
Disasters can destroy homes and many kinds of work.
Disasters can effect every part of the United States and at any time of the year.
Disasters can exacerbate reproductive health needs.
Disasters can happen anytime and anyplace.
Disasters can happen anytime, anywhere, without notice.
Disasters can happen anywhere and at any time.
Disasters can happen anywhere at anytime.
Disasters can happen anywhere, anytime.
Disasters can happen at any time, anywhere.
Disasters can happen, and it is always too late to change a policy after a catastrophe.
Disasters can have effects.
Disasters can have impact.
Disasters can have profound effects.
Disasters can include weather, rebellion, accidents and foreign intervention.
Disasters can leave children feeling frightened, confused, and insecure.
Disasters can occur at any time.
Disasters can occur quickly and without warning.
Disasters can range from floods, tornadoes, and severe weather to local house and apartment fires.
Disasters can seriously damage a country s economy.
Disasters can still happen in relationships.
Disasters can strike anywhere, and often without warning.
Disasters can strike at any time and most generally occur with little or no warning.
Disasters can strike at anytime and anywhere.
Disasters can strike in the form of hazardous materials spills, train derailments, and house fires.
Disasters can strike quickly and without warning.
Disasters can strike swiftly and without warning.
Disasters can take many forms.
Disasters cause damage.
Disasters cause destruction.
Disasters cause erosion.
Disasters cause immense damage.
Disasters cause much damage.
Disasters cause soil erosion.
Disasters caused by man can be much worse.
Disasters come in all sizes.
Disasters come in many flavors.
Disasters come in many flavours.
Disasters come in many forms.
Disasters come in many sizes and shapes.
Disasters constitute stressful and traumatic experiences.
Disasters continue The next race was more of the same.
Disasters covered include fire, flood, lightning, theft, sabotage or a software virus.
Disasters destroy cities.
Disasters destroy entire cities.
Disasters destroy habitats.
Disasters destroy people.
Disasters develop a personality of their own and reflect the people and land where they happen.
Disasters disrupt hundreds of thousands of lives every year.
Disasters disrupt normal avenues of communication and information.
Disasters do happen.
Disasters do seem to somehow pull families and communities together.
Disasters end, snow and ice melt, but the memories and what they mean can last a lifetime.
Disasters extract an emotional toll and a financial one.
Disasters happen abruptly and frequently without warning.
Disasters happen all over the world, every day.
Disasters happen all over the world, rich countries have droughts, storms and earthquakes.
Disasters happen all the time.
Disasters happen anytime and anywhere.
Disasters happen anytime, anywhere.
Disasters happen anywhere in the world and Africa is no exception.
Disasters happen in every country.
Disasters happen in provinces and in cities.
Disasters happen without warning.
Disasters have a way of encouraging testimonials.
Disasters have causes.
Disasters have consequences.
Disasters have effects.
Disasters have have effects.
Disasters have health consequences.
Disasters have impact.
Disasters have no boundaries and they strike at all races, all creeds, all sizes of people.
Disasters inevitably leave hidden damage.
Disasters interrupt economic activity and destroy economic assets and financial investment.
Disasters invariably cause large numbers of casualties and result in massive socio-economic damage.
Disasters involve death.
Disasters is a bleak subject to talk about.
Disasters is available free of charge.
Disasters know no boundaries and can happen anywhere.
Disasters lead to starvation.
Disasters leave hidden damage.
Disasters leave misery, deaths and injuries.
Disasters loom but there are no solutions.
Disasters may have effects.
Disasters may have serious effects.
Disasters mount, but the cast is paralyzed.
Disasters occur every day, whether natural like Honduras or man-made like Sudan.
Disasters occur here in Buncombe County Disasters occur here in Buncombe County .
Disasters occur in areas.
Disasters occur in countries.
Disasters occur in develop countries.
Disasters occur in every state in the nation.
Disasters occur in geographical areas.
Disasters occur in other countries.
Disasters occur in towns and villages across our vast nations.
Disasters occur primarily when assets that have a high availability requirement are destroyed.
Disasters place incredible stresses on people and irrational behaviour is common.
Disasters rain down upon our house, and the sun comes up afterward and dries the rain up.
Disasters remain embedded in our psyches.
Disasters represent a disruption in development, a disruption in sustainable human development.
Disasters require decisions.
Disasters require make decisions.
Disasters require rapid decisions.
Disasters require responses.
Disasters result from factors.
Disasters seek out the poor and ensure they stay poor.
Disasters seem to occur in ever-increasing frequency.
Disasters set back development Disasters set back years and years of investment in development.
Disasters shine light on micro recovery system.
Disasters strike anytime, anywhere.
Disasters strike quickly and without warning.
Disasters take many forms.
Disasters take on many shapes and sizes.
Disasters temporarily reduce the moth populations to small numbers.
Disasters tend to have a long-term impact on both individuals and communities.
Disasters tend to pull people together, and there can be a massive volunteer effort.
Disasters threaten the economic and commercial growth in our communities.
Disasters threaten the economic and commercial growth of our cities, towns, villages, and counties.
Disasters will have effects.
Disaster always awaits.
Disasters always make a compelling subject for art.
Disaster often ensues.
Disaster often results from high-risk investments that crash.
Disaster often strikes without warning, claiming victims from every segment of our society.
Disasters often change the rules as they see fit.
Disasters often dissolve squabbles.
Disasters often exhaust and exceed the resource capacity of a given community.
Disasters often test the mettle and spirit of a community.
Disasters sometimes provide a final blow making recovery particularly difficult for older persons.
Disasters sometimes provide a final blow, making recovery particularly difficult.
Disasters usually strike without warning.
All disasters are complex events.
All disasters are local.
All disasters cause psychosocial stress in the affected population.
All disasters have a silver lining.
All disasters requires clean-up and recovery.
Every disaster brings sorrow.
Every disaster has human suffering.
Every disaster has something funny about it.
Every disaster is a very personal experience.
Every disaster is an opportunity, every mistake is a lesson.
Every disaster is unique, and needs do occur.
Every disaster relies on innumerable little events.
Every disaster requires help from persons who can contribute time, labor, and skills.
Many disasters are inevitable, but their damage can be reduced significantly.
Most disasters affect areas.
Most disasters affect environments.
Most disasters affect life.
Most disasters affect specific areas.
Most disasters are caused by natural phenomena.
Most disasters are caused by phenomena.
Most disasters are due to overly tolerant work environments.
Most disasters can have effects.
Most disasters can have impact.
Most disasters can have profound effects.
Most disasters cause damage.
Most disasters cause destruction.
Most disasters cause erosion.
Most disasters cause immense damage.
Most disasters cause soil erosion.
Most disasters destroy cities.
Most disasters destroy entire cities.
Most disasters destroy habitats.
Most disasters have causes.
Most disasters have consequences.
Most disasters have effects.
Most disasters have health consequences.
Most disasters have impact.
Most disasters involve death.
Most disasters involve some source of water.
Most disasters lead to starvation.
Most disasters occur in areas.
Most disasters occur in countries.
Most disasters occur in develop countries.
Most disasters occur in geographical areas.
Most disasters occur in other countries.
Most disasters require decisions.
Most disasters require make decisions.
Most disasters require rapid decisions.
Most disasters require responses.
Most disasters result from factors.
Most disasters strike abruptly without clear warning.
Some disasters affect animals.
Some disasters affect chinas.
Some disasters affect health.
Some disasters affect individuals.
Some disasters are caused by conditions.
Some disasters are caused by cyclone.
Some disasters are caused by earthquakes.
Some disasters are caused by tropical cyclone.
Some disasters are the cause of human actions, intentional or unintentional.
Some disasters claim thousands of lives.
Some disasters evolve over time.
Some disasters have an effect on only one or two families.
Some disasters have characteristics.
Some disasters have clouds.
Some disasters have special characteristics.
Some disasters here are just earthquakes and typhoons.
Some disasters impact survival.
Some disasters increase scarcity.
Some disasters interfere with ability.
Some disasters lead to situations.
Some disasters lead to terrify situations.
Some disasters offer warning.
Some disasters relate to damage.
Some disasters result in burns.
Some disasters stem from many problems.
Some disasters stem from many small problems.
Some disasters stem from problems.
Some disasters take places.
Disastrous consequences can happen if a bull gets turned around and doubles back.
Disastrous consequences can occur when there is insufficient stimulation early in life.
Disastrous downtime is potentially just a transaction away.
Disastrous floods are still frequent.
Disastrous prophesies fill lecture halls and create new cottage industries.
Most disbarment cases involve more than one violation.
Disbelief isa doubt.
Disbursement approval is subject to the availability of cash in the account.
Disbursement costs vary from one area to another, so a locally-priced plan is more relevant.
Disbursement dates are always earlier than release date .
Disbursement information includes a manual check number and date.
Disbursement procedures are subject to change.
Disbursement transactions take too long to update borrower's account.
Disbursement is a payment
Disbursement lets people engage in less work, an activity that is resource-intensive.
Disbursements are amounts spent on the client s behalf that require reimbursement.
Disbursements are often an area of dissatisfaction.
Disbursements are payments in cash or by check.
Disbursements are permissible only for replenishing the check cashing account.
Disbursements are subject to regular review.
Disbursements are subject to the approval of global and annual workplans.
Disbursements are the things that cost money.
Disbursements go to the U.S. exporter, and the export products go to the foreign buyer.
Disbursements includes expenditures on labor, materials, tangible fixed assets, and so on.
Disbursements is responsible for preparation and mailing of all financial aid checks.
Disbursements means the out of pocket expenses that a lawyer pays and is being reimbursed for.
Disbursements occur twice weekly for students who newly meet all of the above criteria.
Disbursements provides training, and consults regularly with participating service centers.
Disbursements remain a problem.
Disbursements retains the pink copy along with the original copy of the invoice.
Disbursements sends one set with the check and the other goes into the permanent file.
Disbursements always balance.
All disbursements require the majority approval of semester representatives.
Any disbursements are negotiable.
Most disbursements happen electronically.
A disc brake is a hydraulic brakes
Disc brakes are a more recent development.
Disc brakes are brakes.
Disc brakes are easy to fit to today's bikes.
Disc brakes are just great by the way.
Disc brakes are more powerful and offer more consistent stopping power than the older-style 'drums'.
Disc brakes are much safer than drum brakes.
Disc brakes are optional.
Disc brakes can and do drag.
Disc brakes do a better job of dissipating heat, but they also cost more than drum brakes.
Disc brakes operate more efficiently at high temperatures and wet conditions than drum brakes.
Disc brakes require brake line pressure.
Disc brakes require pressure.
Disc brakes require static pressure.
Disc brakes use a proportioning valve.
Most disc brakes require brake line pressure.
Most disc brakes require pressure.
Most disc brakes require static pressure.
A disc drive is a drive
Most disc drives built today use conventional thin-film recording heads.
Most disc drives built today use inductive thin-film recording heads.
Disc florets are usually actinomorphic, with five petal lips on the rim of the corolla tube.
Disc flowers are quite often polysymmetric and the ray flowers monosymmetric.
Disc golf has similar obstacles as traditional golf, such as hitting a tree halfway down the course.
Disc golf holes up in first for the second year running.
Disc golf is a game of serious strategy and fun.
Disc golf is a game that expects high standards of etiquette and courtesy.
Disc golf is a game which expects high standards of etiquette and courtesy.
Disc golf is a great sport for everybody.
Disc golf is a recreational sport for everybody, regardless of age, gender, or ability.
Disc golf is a sport that is catching on fast.
Disc golf is a very visual game and an excellent human interest story opportunity.
Disc golf is an affordable family activity that can be enjoyed by all ages.
Disc golf is an inexpensive way to enjoy the outdoors, friends and fitness.
Disc golf is an up and coming sport.
Disc golf is considered by some to be a very competitive sport.
Disc golf is designed for the enjoyment of all, male and female, young and old.
Disc golf is fun to watch.
Disc golf is like golf, but with frisbees instead of balls.
Disc golf is more popular today than ever.
Disc golf is one of the newest outdoor pursuits to hit the mountains.
Disc golf is played by throwing a frisbee-like disc from a tee area toward a target.
Disc golf is played like ball golf, using a flying disc.
Disc golf is played much like traditional golf.
Disc golf is played using the same concept as in regular golf.
Disc golf is similar to ball golf.
Disc golf is similar to traditional golf.
Disc golf is sports.
Disc golf is the fastest growing sport in the Midwest and can be enjoyed by all.
Disc golf is the game.
Disc golf offers a great way to get exercise while having fun while enjoying the outdoors.
Disc golf offers year-round fitness, even in rain or snow.
Disc golf provides all the amenities of golf at a fraction of the price.
Disc golf resembles golf in that there are tees and fairways, but the game is played with frisbees.
Disc golf shares the joys and frustrations of traditional golf.
Disc herniation is more common in younger and middle aged adults.
Disc herniation is the most common indication for spinal surgery.
Disc herniations are also possible, and fractures are also of great concern.
Disc herniations are less common in the cervical spine than in the lumbar spine.
Disc herniations are so ubiquitous that it is easy to be cavalier in diagnosis.
A disc jockey is a broadcaster
Disc jockeys are also available.
Disc jockeys are available as well.
Disc jockeys are basically good people.
Disc jockeys are less expensive than live bands and can usually provide a wider variety of music.
Disc jockeys are located in weddings.
Disc jockeys are on-air personalities who often select, organize, and announce the music aired.
Disc jockeys fill in with similar tunes during breaks.
Disc jockeys have no freedom to play the music of their choice.
Disc jockeys keep the music going.
Disc jockeys play an important role in airing and promoting community gospel groups and programs.
Some disc jockeys announce and play music at clubs, dances, restaurants, and weddings.
Some disc jockeys specialize in one kind of music.
Disc locks seem very effective, as well as being being small and easily carried.
Disc one is deer hunting, disc two is turkey hunting, and the last disc is pheasant hunting.
Disc one is for pre-schoolers and disc two is for kindergarten children.
Disc one is steeped deeply in a slow, grinding blues style.
Disc one is very much inspired by the skate and surfing movements.
A disc is an audio
Disc array storage system.
Disc brakes at all corners for fade-free performance.
Disc brakes at all four corners are standard.
Disc brakes front and rear.
Disc brakes with computerized lining wear sensors are included.
Disc brakes work very much like caliper brakes, with a separate disc attached to the hub.
Disc closes out with a couple of nice, pure ambient pieces.
DISC continuously researches the most cost-effective web marketing solutions available.
Disc drives none.
Disc is best suited to skeet shooting.
Disc is in excellent condition.
Disc is removable from cartridge.
Disc is unreadable.
Disc isa device.
Disc launchers a plus.
Disc plowing avoids the problem, chopping up the trash and only half burying it.
Disc says nothing.
Disc shedding in the parietal eye of the lizard occurs in the absence of a pigment epithelium.
Disc spins in wrong direction or overspeeds and is never recognized.
Disc states London as the source.
Disc works well for rollers and is excellent when learning to throw with more power.
Discs act as shock absorbers, and bulge when under pressure.
Discs also run cooler for less fade, weigh less than drums, and are easier to service.
Discs are a shoddy substitute for a fair, efficient and effective system of local taxation.
Discs are all around, but no ABS is available.
Discs are also good to have stuck up around the stall.
Discs are available for all principle types of microscope.
Discs are available for check-out.
Discs are available for immediate shipment.
Discs are available for purchase from the Library Help Desk.
Discs are available for sale at most performances.
Discs are available in matte or reflective silver and gold finishes.
Discs are behind the counter until they set up shelf space.
Discs are better than new.
Discs are compatible with high-speed air or electric portable saws or grinders.
Discs are complex rubber-like structures between the bones of the spine.
Discs are flat, round structures about a quarter of an inch thick.
Discs are large cushions that lie between the individual vertebrae of our spinal columns.
Discs are more abundant than rods.
Discs are one fifth to one third as thick as the neighboring vertebral bodies.
Discs are only available to Wisconsin libraries.
Discs are only interchangeable with effects of the same letter reference.
Discs are rubbery pucks of cartilage that act as spacers between the vertebral bones in the spine.
Discs are shock absorbers, that can bulge, rupture or wear down.
Discs are silk-screen printed only.
Discs are soft tissue bodies that provide padding between the vertebrae.
Discs are the cushioning materials stacked between the vertebrae, or bones in the spinal column.
Discs are the cushions or shock absorbers located between each vertebra.
Discs are the shock absorbers between each vertebral body.
Discs are very fragile.
Discs are very strong tissues, which are filled with a gel.
Discs arrive around the middle of the month.
Discs arriving without locator lines are subject to an upcharge if they are usable.
Discs become increasingly susceptible to tears or rupture as they age.
Discs become obsolete.
Discs can also herniate and cause little local back pain.
Discs can be fate-mapped by subjecting fragments to metamorphosis.
Discs can become damaged so that they bulge or tear.
Discs can bulge, herniate, tear or degenerate.
Discs can bulge, herniate, tear, or degenerate.
Discs can bulge, hernitate or tear.
Discs can degenerate or lose their shape and support, or they can bulge or rupture.
Discs can deteriorate, or a disc can stick out and press on nerves.
Discs can herniated and lead to neurological deficits such as weakness, numbness and pain.
Discs can reside in multiple folders.
Discs can shatter or explode, sending pieces flying across the workshop.
Discs can shatter or explode, sending pieces flying in all directions.
Discs come in black with brass engraving or black with silver tone engraving.
Discs come with a Velcro-like material on back for a fast change.
Discs covering filings made in Europe and the USA are currently available.
Discs degenerate before facets.
Discs do last longer if carefully stored and handled.
Discs enter the contraption near the bottom of the figure.
Discs have (part) sections.
Discs have a hard outer layer and a soft inner core.
Discs have a stronger outer casing with a pliable jelly-like substance inside.
Discs help absorb shock, reduce friction, and facilitate movement.
Discs help to support the spine, and also allow it to move.
Discs herniate because of a congenital weakness of the supporting fibers.
Discs hold about seven times as much information as CD-ROMs.
Discs protrude and degenerate into the concavity of a curve, into the side of extension.
Discs serve as shock absorbers of the spine.
Discs stay plumper and, in the long run, healthier.
Discs take less than five minutes to repair.
Discs tend to run longer than other studios, and good with extras.
Discs vary in different events but are also user definable.
Discs vary in size and shape of the blade and edge.
Discs wear out with age or abuse, most frequently at the base of the spine.
Disc often present.
Disc sometimes present.
All discs are acceptable.
All discs are adhesive backed.
All discs are compatible with msworks.
All discs are in good shape and workable.
All discs are individually and invisibly marked using the latest scientific techniques.
All discs are new unless otherwise noted.
All discs are virtually the same in quality since they are digital.
All discs become more understable with use and abuse, some faster than others.
All discs have errors.
All discs have extra cuts, liner notes, photos, etc.
All discs have trailers, but that's about it.
All discs inside are from Switzerland .
All discs used are subject to regular anti-virus checks.
Every disc features our platinum interface.
Every disc is a gem.
Every disc is different.
Every disc is full of danceable music.
Many discs aim for a brief shelf life.
Many discs also contain extra features such as production material and director's commentary.
Many discs come with trailers promoting the film.
Many discs fail low radial tracking or contain high jitter characteristics.
Most discs are designed to create lift when thrown with the flat side up .
Most discs are designed to create lift when thrown with the flat side up.
Most discs are indexes to literature, but there are also some full text sources.
Most discs have a natural tendency to fly a particular way, regardless of how they are thrown.
Most discs tend to become more overstable at the end of their flight.
Some discs are defective.
Some discs contain gases.
Some discs contain proteins.
Some discs fall freely through the magnetic field while others fall slowly.
Some discs have devices.
Some discs have low resistance.
Some discs have resistance.
Some discs have roles.
Some discs have tentacles.
Some discs have two sound tracks.
Some discs provide a variety of soundtracks using different sound modes.
Some discs show deterrent.
Discard estrogens when they're no longer needed or when the expiration date is past.
Discard flow through and respin to remove traces of buffer.
Discard flow through.
Discard insects each night.
Discard is abandonment.
Discard is an object
Discard is objects.
Discard is part of card games.
Discard leftover marinades that have been in contact with raw meat, fish or poultry.
Discard leftover marinades that have come in contact with raw meat or meat juices.
Discard lure away from trapping area.
Discard oils every six weeks.
Discard raspberries or save it for jam.
Discard skins and seeds.
Discard syringes with left-over liquid.
Discard when expires.
Discard works no longer popular, especially second and third copies or old best sellers.
Discards are self-loops, and only auxiliary.
Discards are small and they are used for processing into fishmeal.
Discards duplicate segments.
Discards duplicates and sorts the results.
Discards scrap briar-wood.
Discards tests the clinician deems as unacceptable.
Discarded batteries are a prime source of heavy metal pollution.
Discarded cards are out of play for the rest of the hand.
Discernment of spirits is a prophetic gift, so is the interpretation of tongues.
Discernment calls for the disciplines of faith, honesty, testing and surrender.
Discernment can be as much a part of communal prayer as it is of individual prayer.
Discernment involves accurately reading character traits or motives or holding art in high esteem.
Discernment is a hugely important learning task.
Discernment is a knowing
Discernment is a part of every person's life, every day.
Discernment is a prayerful process that helps identify potential ministers for religious life.
Discernment is a special kind of wisdom.
Discernment is a two-way process.
Discernment is about getting beneath the surface, to become aware of our deepest heart wishes.
Discernment is absolutely necessary in order to make it a practical way of life.
Discernment is also gut instinct and energizing passion.
Discernment is and everyday challenge.
Discernment is both moral and mental.
Discernment is crucial here.
Discernment is developed.
Discernment is different for different people.
Discernment is essential.
Discernment is ever our problem.
Discernment is imperative.
Discernment is like a journey of discovery.
Discernment is more than simple smarts.
Discernment is necessary here.
Discernment is necessary.
Discernment is never a one way process but always involves the community.
Discernment is part of every person s life.
Discernment is part of human brain biology.
Discernment is perceptions.
Discernment is very important to simple survival.
Discernment looks beneath the surface, analyzes, asks questions, and investigates.
Discernment means respecting, celebrating, exploring, and testing the desire to serve.
Discernment means seeing differences.
Discernment seeks to build up, to encourage, to stimulate.
Discernment takes time and emotional energy.
Discernment takes time, commitment and testing but in the end results in a concurrence of thinking.
Discernment takes time.
Discernment therefore becomes nothing more than matching resumes with job descriptions.
Discernment always has the hope of restoration and redemption attached to every thought.
More discernment is ahead.
Many discharge behaviors scale linearly as , or for stronger fields as some other function of .
Discharge chute helps elevate and throw the snow a greater distance.
All discharge connections are quick connect cam locks.
Discharge data supports both latter numbers.
Discharge delays can be beyond the control of the physician.
Discharge door keeps feed in cart during loading or transport.
Discharge efficiency is unrelated to the intensity of services the hospital provides.
Discharge flanges are as a minimum in cast iron material for strength and abrasion resistance.
Discharge hearings begin that year, and a board recommends a general discharge.
Discharge instructions are critical.
Discharge length is over two feet long.
Discharge measurements are difficult to make owing to high water velocities and uneven bottom.
Discharge mediation is only available for a first-time bankrupt.
Discharge medicines require a separate form.
Discharge muffler ensures quiet performance by minimizing pulsations in the refrigerant line.
Discharge operations are often slow due to inadequate equipment at the port.
Discharge papers are the best source to find the company and camps the enrollee was assigned to.
Most discharge permits expire after a five year period.
A discharge pipe is a pipe
Discharge pipe is to be the same size as air compressor outlet.
Discharge planning begins admission.
Discharge planning begins as soon as an admission date is scheduled.
Discharge planning begins at the time of booking for surgery.
Discharge planning begins at the time of the patient's initial visit.
Discharge planning begins on admission to the facility.
Discharge planning begins the day of admission.
Discharge planning begins upon admission.
Discharge planning can help ensure better care for inmates once they have rejoined the community.
Discharge planning includes daily group education classes and individual instruction.
Discharge planning is begun at the time of admission and is updated throughout treatment.
Discharge planning is key.
Discharge planning promotes reintegration into the family, school and community.
Discharge pressures relate directly to air inlet pressure and desired flow rate.
Discharge rates can vary depending on the operating temperature.
Discharge services are available between.
Discharge summaries are the responsibility of the junior resident on the service.
Discharge summaries are to be dictated on the day of discharge.
Discharge suppression is possible when starting or stopping.
Discharge temperature Is the temperature existing at the discharge port of the compressor.
Discharge time is dependent on the size of extinguisher.
Discharge time is no later than noon.
Discharge tube is a device in which a gas conducting an electric current emits visible light.
Some discharge tubes have walls.
Discharge units are a measurement of flow and are defined in the Building Regulations.
All discharge values are in cubic feet per second.
Discharge affects health.
Discharge affects human health.
Discharge has appearances.
Discharge has cottage cheese appearances.
Discharge includes substances.
Discharge is an occurrence
Discharge is emissions.
Discharge is flow.
Discharge is happening.
Discharge is materials.
Discharge is shooting.
Discharge isa happening.
Discharge isa occurrence.
Discharge occurs twice a day for a few hours after high tide.
Discharge turn on and turn off.
Discharges additives into blending tanks.
Discharges also affect post-service employment.
Discharges are have a foul odor and there is red streaks extending from the wound, lymphangitis.
Discharges are subject to the best current technology available.
Discharges associated with ongoing rotations of rice and crawfish production are also exempt.
Discharges can appear in clusters when viewed from space.
Discharges can arise from the rectum, the vulva, the vagina, the cervix and the uterus.
Discharges can be due to employment misconduct or non-misconduct.
Discharges can occur during the morning or afternoon.
Discharges can severely disturb operations and even result in the loss of satellites.
Discharges depend mainly on the acidity and the rates of flow of leachate.
Discharges enter a concrete stilling basin.
Discharges interfere with control signals and in the worst case can destroy circuits.
Discharges quickly reach a maximum and diminish almost as rapidly.
Discharges often contain nutrients, bacteria, or toxic chemicals.
All discharges are the responsibility of staff on the inpatient units.
Any discharge can also be a sign of sickness.
Many discharges are thick, and yellow, brown or green in color.
Most discharge affects health.
Most discharge affects human health.
Most discharge has appearances.
Most discharge has cottage cheese appearances.
Most discharge includes substances.
Some discharge affects many women.
Some discharge affects women.
Some discharge comes from breasts.
Some discharge comes from nipples.
Some discharge comes from nostrils.
Some discharge is caused by conditions.
Some discharge is caused by imbalances.
Some discharge is caused by malignant conditions.
Some discharge is normal.
Some discharge is produced by thunderstorms.
Some discharge leads to damage.
Some discharge leads to lung damage.
Some discharge leads to permanent damage.
Some discharge leads to permanent lung damage.
Some discharge occurs during pregnancy.
Some discharge occurs during thunderstorms.
Some discharge occurs in nipples.
Some discharge receives attention.
Some discharges are illegal while others are approved through special permits.
Most dischargeable debts are unsecured, for example, credit card and medical debts .
Discharged batteries are to be recharged rather than replaced.
Discharged cells are replaced by new ones.
Discharged employees are most likely to sue when the pink slip arrives unexpectedly.
Discharged seed is received by a distribution assembly for delivery to the row units.
A disciple is a follower
Disciples advocate freedom and respect diversity.
Disciples are a lot more trouble to the master than just people.
Disciples are always in a different relationship to one another than worldlings are.
Disciples are busy people.
Disciples are committed to ministries of reconciliation, justice, and unity in the world.
Disciples are D isciplines and ready for a life time of work.
Disciples are disciple-makers.
Disciples are followers.
Disciples are followers.
Disciples are fortunate if the major results work out in the physical body.
Disciples are generous with their time and energy, imitating the One who knew how to serve.
Disciples are learners.
Disciples are likely to be resisted.
Disciples are many, but earnest, devoted, self-sacrificing disciples are few.
Disciples are one of the largest denominations with roots on American soil.
Disciples are people of faith.
Disciples are people who are saved.
Disciples are people.
Disciples are the key as they are the pillars of the church.
Disciples are the real mortar of a church.
Disciples are the vessels through which the gospel is to be carried to the lost.
Disciples are to forbear one another in love.
Disciples are to pray with unreasonable stubbornness until the prayer is answered.
Disciples are to resist worldly values and systems, the sinful nature and the devil.
Disciples currently are on the cusp of a new period of visioning.
Disciples do go astray.
Disciples do indeed kill their own masters.
Disciples do only one job whether it be farming, building, or breeding.
Disciples endorse racial reconciliation.
Disciples find themselves doing mission and ministry.
Disciples follow it religiously.
Disciples give generously and reject materialism which makes a god out of wealth.
Disciples give themselves to others.
Disciples have faith in the the powers of the pir and believe they can invoke miracles.
Disciples hold no official doctrine.
Disciples hold to teachings and know truth.
Disciples know and affirm the doctrines of the Christian faith.
Disciples know the central message of Scripture.
Disciples learn the way of the cross.
Disciples live for an audience of One.
Disciples looks pretty good.
Disciples make disciples.
Disciples Now complements parish youth ministry and Catholic school campus ministry experiences.
Disciples Now is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of adolescents.
Disciples recognize no formal creed.
Disciples say that they are happier now than before joining the church.
Disciples seem to be pretty much able to do whatever they want.
Disciples strive to be unified as a body without being uniform.
Disciples take seriously the study of the Bible and spiritual growth as individuals.
Disciples tend to be very tolerant.
Disciples work to help people.
Disciples work to help the community.
Disciples work to help the nation.
Disciples work to help the world.
Disciples often get heavily into debt in order to fulfill their obligations.
All disciples are learners.
All Disciples are welcome.
Every disciple has a life plan, and some chosen field of service.
Every disciple has a story.
Every disciple is a nonconformist.
Every disciple needs to be a vessel for the healing of the world.
Discipleship also facilitates ensuring that the higher focus is on the Kingdom of God.
Discipleship also requires a change of status as well as a shift in priorities.
Discipleship applies biblical principles to the decisions and difficulties of daily life.
Discipleship begins instantly and continues for weeks to come.
Discipleship can begin while our friends are still unbelievers.
Discipleship can dry into the same unappealing crust.
Discipleship can get expensive.
Discipleship can involve Bible study, prayer, discussion, service, or just plain fun.
Discipleship carries with it an option.
Discipleship certainly includes the process of study and dialogue.
Discipleship comes with a price tag shaped in the form of a cross.
Discipleship completes the vision.
Discipleship entails a loving heart and a keen, alert mind.
Discipleship entails more than weekly Bible studies and small-group meetings.
Discipleship exercises examining scriptures basic to the Christian life and witness.
Discipleship flows from and is daily renewed in our baptismal covenant.
Discipleship focuses on the spirituality of our use of time, talent and treasure.
Discipleship happens in the context of community, i.e. being together.
Discipleship has a cost, a personal cost, and it can be heavy.
Discipleship has costs.
Discipleship includes Bible study, games, skits, music and Scripture memorization.
Discipleship includes stewardship, servanthood and witnessing.
Discipleship involves more than informing and learning.
Discipleship involves more than just giving and getting good advice.
Discipleship is a big issue.
Discipleship is a Centred Set.
Discipleship is a commanded work of obedience for believers.
Discipleship is a commitment, typically involving several disciplines.
Discipleship is a common word in today's church vocabulary.
Discipleship is a holistic reality.
Discipleship is a life-long journey of growing in faith and love.
Discipleship is a lifelong process based on people's needs.
Discipleship is a lifelong process.
Discipleship is a long hard road.
Discipleship is a position
Discipleship is a process as is the psycho-social development of a teenager.
Discipleship is a process that can fail miserably.
Discipleship is a process whereby people follow a path of growth in relationship with others.
Discipleship is a relational journey that promises a time of accelerated spiritual growth.
Discipleship is about making that choice time and time again.
Discipleship is about 'relationships'.
Discipleship is an eternal process that is passed on from generation to generation.
Discipleship is another thing.
Discipleship is costly in any era.
Discipleship is costly, it is risky and it is radical.
Discipleship is costly.
Discipleship is emphasized.
Discipleship is essentially about feet.
Discipleship is followship .
Discipleship is genderless.
Discipleship is high and costly work.
Discipleship is immeasurably hard.
Discipleship is justice.
Discipleship is lived out in the ordinary encounters of life.
Discipleship is love, commitment, and accountability.
Discipleship is more of a discovery process than a program.
Discipleship is more than going through a book.
Discipleship is much more than a course to be mastered and a grade to be earned.
Discipleship is no short hike around the park or a six-week program.
Discipleship is obviously the most powerful tool of evangelism.
Discipleship is of great importance after salvation.
Discipleship is our responsibility.
Discipleship is positions.
Discipleship is radically different than worldly living.
Discipleship is the goal of evangelism.
Discipleship is the key to sustained and consistent growth.
Discipleship is the key.
Discipleship is the method of fulfilling the second objective.
Discipleship is the mission.
Discipleship is the most needed and neglected function in most churches today.
Discipleship is the process of learning.
Discipleship is the process towards growth and maturity.
Discipleship is the rough road to the kingdom.
Discipleship is the way of authority, but it is a gift of loving liberty, of sanctified safety.
Discipleship is to be lived out in the context of Christian community.
Discipleship is vital for strong, healthy growth in the believer.
Discipleship means helping believers to mature.
Discipleship means spurning the unworthy.
Discipleship never means sheep-like stupidity, unthinking conformity.
Discipleship requires a new way of life-a life that embodies social witness.
Discipleship requires discipline.
Discipleship requires sacrifice.
Discipleship requires the practice of prayer everyday.
Discipleship starts in the home, just as with evangelicals.
Discipleship suggests the idea of total attachment to someone.
Discipleship takes place.
Discipleship takes time and patience.
Discipleship teaches converts how to create more converts.
Discipleship transforms the mind.
Discipleship always has a price, but never, never fear it.
Discipleship often results in spiritual reproduction far beyond our expectations or imaginations.
Disciplinary action affects student enrollment status.
Disciplinary action can consist of suspension or expulsion from membership.
Disciplinary action can mean termination.
Disciplinary action can result from such violations.
Disciplinary action designed to correct improper activity is appropriate.
Disciplinary action includes reprimand, suspension, demotion and removal.
Disciplinary action includes sanctions up to and including termination.
Disciplinary action is considered a dimension of performance evaluation and employee development.
Disciplinary action is considered a dimension of performance evaluation.
Disciplinary action is covered in the Student Catalog.
Disciplinary action is indicated when a nurse fails to demonstrate continued competence.
Disciplinary action is outlined in the Student Catalog.
Disciplinary action is pending.
Disciplinary action is personal to the employee receiving the action.
Disciplinary action is rare.
Disciplinary action is taken against students who fail to leave the building.
Disciplinary action is taken by appropriate entity.
Disciplinary action is taken in the form of sanctions against an officer's certification.
Disciplinary action is taken only after appropriate hearing procedures are followed.
Disciplinary action is taken thereafter on the findings of the inquiry.
Disciplinary action is taken, when warranted.
Disciplinary action is to be considered primarily preventative or corrective.
Disciplinary action takes precedent over athletic practices.
Disciplinary actions are also possible.
Disciplinary actions are generally of a minor type, including the student and teacher.
Disciplinary actions are public record.
Disciplinary actions can include suspension or expulsion.
Disciplinary actions play a secondary role to education, counseling and guidance.
Disciplinary actions range from grade penalty to expulsion.
Disciplinary actions taken against chiropractors are public information.
Disciplinary actions taken against physicians are public information.
All disciplinary action is subject to the grievance procedure.
All disciplinary actions originate from inspections.
Any disciplinary action imposed upon an individual is subject to applicable procedural requirements.
Any disciplinary action taken on tickets is handled by school administrators.
All disciplinary affiliations are welcome.
Most disciplinary associations have their own codes of ethics.
Disciplinary boundaries are also key.
All disciplinary cases have to be judged on their own particular circumstances.
Disciplinary charges are pending.
Disciplinary commissioners recommend that the suspension continue indefinitely.
Disciplinary counsel have very full dockets handling serious lawyer misconduct.
Disciplinary counsel introduces evidence and questions witnesses.
All disciplinary decisions are open to appeal under specific conditions.
Disciplinary discharge occurs when participant certain program conditions.
Disciplinary field is open.
Disciplinary groups are especially helpful.
Disciplinary hearings are non-adversarial proceedings.
Disciplinary hearings are of a private, confidential nature.
Disciplinary hearings are uncomfortable and stressful events for members and witnesses.
Disciplinary honors come to upper division students.
Disciplinary issues are always tricky.
Disciplinary knowledge is public and available in a written form.
Disciplinary loyalty can undermine interdisciplinary initiatives.
All disciplinary matters lie in the hands of the relevant disciplinary bodies.
Disciplinary measures are possible for rule infractions.
Disciplinary measures are unfortunate, yet sometimes necessary.
Disciplinary measures help students understand, adjust, and change unacceptable conduct.
Disciplinary meetings are open to the public.
Disciplinary offences are therefore fairly rare.
Disciplinary penalties range from reprimand to expulsion.
Disciplinary perspectives shift from one seminar to the next.
All disciplinary perspectives are welcome.
Disciplinary policies are clear and penalties are equal for all students.
Disciplinary power resides in the rules, norms, and expectations for traditional performance.
Disciplinary probation requires removal at once from any activity.
Disciplinary problems can result in team expulsion at any time.
Disciplinary problems interrupt learning.
Disciplinary problems stop and low grades begin to rise.
Disciplinary procedure is independent from criminal proceedings.
Disciplinary procedures are currently in the process of being revised.
Disciplinary procedures enable the group to protect itself.
Disciplinary proceedings are confidential in nature until a final decision has been reached.
Disciplinary proceedings are pending against another staff member.
Disciplinary proceedings are the means by which disciplinary accountability is enforced.
Disciplinary proceedings are, however, justified and necessary.
All disciplinary proceedings are confidential.
Disciplinary processes deal with performance or conduct matters identified by the employer.
Every Disciplinary process needs compalints to keep the profession, and the professionals in check.
Disciplinary records are subject to court orders and subpoenaes.
Disciplinary referees are district court judges from throughout the state.
Disciplinary sanctions can include probation, suspension, or expulsion.
Disciplinary specialization is open.
Disciplinary suspension is recorded for the term of suspension in the student's academic record.
Disciplinary suspension is without pay.
Disciplinary suspension requires the approval of the college president.
All discipline records are be part of employee files.
Discipline begins in the mind and so does discipleship.
Discipline begins to integrate math, computer science and computation within curricula.
Discipline begins with parents.
Discipline calls for time-consuming teaching with consistent reinforcement.
Discipline changes over time to meet the changing needs of the developing child.
Discipline deals with art.
Discipline deals with theory.
Discipline enables parents to demonstrate acceptable and non-acceptable behaviour to their child.
Discipline is a domain
Discipline is punishment.
Discipline is systems.
Discipline is training.
Discipline is traits.
Discipline preserves capital, which gives traders the opportunity to come back to play another day.
Discipline purifies the church, and the offspring of spiritual purity is church unity.
Discipline ranks as another challenge.
Discipline resolves ill feelings .
Discipline scares some new teachers.
Discipline sets boundries for the students academic good in the classroom.
Discipline takes place typically during brief visits in their home.
Discipline takes time, as every successful athlete knows.
Discipline takes time.
Discipline takes work, but the parents appear to be too lazy to put forth the effort.
Discipline tends to be inconsistent.
Discipline works best when it's done with love.
Discipline works best with a balance of love, respect, clearly defined rules, and understanding.
Disciplines also change.
Disciplines are a late development in European thought.
Disciplines are also preparation for times of testing and of suffering.
Disciplines are distinguished from each other by differing metaparadigm concepts.
Disciplines are history, literature, and film criticism.
Disciplines are increasingly porous with more multi-disciplinary research.
Disciplines are just groups of people seeking to understand the same small part of the world.
Disciplines are like good habits, only harder to form.
Disciplines are subcultures designed to reproduce themeselves and resist external influences.
Disciplines are the means to a desirable end.
Disciplines are the only thing that really differ.
Disciplines attempt to serve as such routine, practiced spaces.
Disciplines employed include materials science, chemistry and mechanical engineering.
Disciplines flow from inner self-awareness, from penetrating insights.
Disciplines have their own priorities.
Disciplines indexed include language, government, business, media, technology, and public affairs.
Disciplines is the backbone of any constitutional countries to exist.
Disciplines range from business, humanities, sciences, etc.
Disciplines range from sociology, psychology, health, education and human rights.
Disciplines There are many links to various engineering disciplines.
Disciplines utilized are pathology, bacteriology, virology, serology, chemistry, and toxicology.
Disciplines vary in the degree of importance attributed to cited references.
Disciplines work on the principle of knock-out.
Disciplines work together to compare alternatives through various analytical techniques.
Disciplines working together can solve roofing problems economically and efficiently.
All discipline is lost as the soldiers and horses madly scramble for the far bank of the burn.
All disciplines affect each other.
All disciplines are at or above the national average.
All disciplines are available.
All disciplines are elegible except medicine, dentistry, and pharmacy.
All disciplines are eligible except medicine, dentistry and pharmacy.
All disciplines are eligible to apply.
All disciplines are eligible.
All disciplines are important on the design of the spacecraft.
All disciplines are relevant unless stated.
All disciplines are welcome and encouraged to participate.
All disciplines are welcome, particularly English and social studies.
All disciplines are welcome.
All disciplines can actively contribute to the health of the university s local community.
All disciplines can contribute to robotics.
All disciplines contribute to the overall health status of the individual.
All disciplines document well and collaborate around care planning.
All disciplines have access to computers and networked information.
All disciplines have nearby untapped markets for students and research.
All disciplines have something to offer to the understanding of most problems.
All disciplines have their own idiosyncratic way of citing information.
All disciplines report licensure according to county of residence.
All disciplines reveal the complexity of the physical and biological world.
All disciplines use the same basic kind of scientific method.
All disciplines welcome.
All Disciplines Welcome.
Any discipline can only be for just and reasonable cause.
Any discipline can submit a proposal if the group of people fit the criteria for a research center.
Any discipline has one.
Any discipline is eligible.
Any discipline is imposed by the appropriate administrator of the school.
Every discipline asks students to examine moral and ethical issues.
Every discipline follows a written or unwritten code of conduct.
Every discipline has a certain way of looking at things.
Every discipline has a foundation core of knowledge.
Every discipline has a preferred writing style.
Every discipline has a theoretical and a practical side.
Every discipline has controls and measureme nts involved.
Every discipline has different conventions for citing sources.
Every discipline has ways for students to pursue their individual interests.
Every discipline is an iceberg.
Every discipline is covered.
Every discipline is enhanced by certain tools that shape success.
Every discipline is represented.
Every discipline is unique.
Every discipline listed here affects behavior, disease and health.
Every discipline related to the art of metalworking is represented here.
Every discipline requires scholarship.
Every discipline teaches how to think critically within that discipline.
Many disciplines are covered - including various biological ones.
Many disciplines are interested in methods for gridding the curved surface of the Earth.
Many disciplines are logical candidates for the infusion of technology into instruction.
Many disciplines compromise in their movements.
Many disciplines contribute to the on-going project of learning about the oceans.
Many disciplines converge and overlap in the communications industry.
Many disciplines evaluate student performance in terms of writing ability.
Many disciplines fall into more than one group.
Many disciplines have annual conferences where faculty candidates are screened.
Many disciplines have journals which publish undergraduate papers.
Many disciplines have large lecture sections.
Many disciplines have mailing lists specific for students in the discipline.
Many disciplines have organizations devoted entirely to the teaching of that discipline.
Many disciplines have techniques to ensure correctness.
Many disciplines offer a masters degree entirely by coursework.
Many disciplines offer a minor which have been established according to the following policies.
Many disciplines offer new approaches to stress and pain management.
Many disciplines overlap with the broad field of Psychology.
Many disciplines require significantly more mathematical training.
Many disciplines use large models built using Boolean operations.
More disciplines require deeper mathematics.
Most disciplines also expect students to read and write extensively.
Most disciplines also tend to ignore knowledge and modes of inquiry outside their boundaries.
Most disciplines focus on enhancing a healthy body.
Most disciplines have a preferred style manual.
Most disciplines have courses taught in English.
Most disciplines have several professional journals which include excellent reviews.
Most disciplines have subject-specific reference works.
Most disciplines have their own language and casting is no exception.
Most disciplines now allow in-text citations.
Most disciplines prefer a particular documentation style.
Most disciplines publish annual reviews of research within their field.
Most disciplines require either numbered reference lists or the author-year system.
Most disciplines require some kind of self-denial.
Most disciplines use the basic sample pages.
Some discipline is necessary.
Some discipline needs to be exerted on the compulsive changers within an organization.
Some disciplines are far more rigid than others in specifying how to construct a research paper.
Some disciplines are good, but most are uninspired and boring.
Some disciplines are marginal.
Some disciplines are more likely to focus on specific skills than others.
Some disciplines are specific to a certain university.
Some disciplines call it belly breathing.
Some disciplines depend heavily on books and media for their research and teaching.
Some disciplines discourage direct quotations.
Some disciplines have access to more grant opportunities than other disciplines.
Some disciplines have it better than others.
Some disciplines have rules about breathing.
Some disciplines have search engines allowing searching and ranking by many criteria.
Some disciplines lend themselves more readily to multiple answers to subject matters.
Some disciplines lend themselves to direct integration.
Some disciplines now have nationwide electronic r sum matching service, at no cost for students.
Some disciplines require a great deal of individualized instruction .
Some disciplines require a great deal of individualized instruction.
Some disciplines require that one get at the history and philosophy of the discipline.
Some disciplines still prefer the traditional footnote.
Some disciplines tend to be more conservative and cautious, others more freewheeling and liberal.
Disciplined children feel much better about themselves than undisciplined children do.
Disciplined conversation is vital for good insights.
Disciplined designers are prepared, methodical, and stuffy.
Disciplined hockey wins championships.
Disciplined practice is both regular practice and organized practice.
Disciplined practice is what it takes for many to achieve certain skills.
Disciplined prayer requires desire and commitment.
Disciplined programmers use embedded definitions only for procedures.
Disciplined sensitivity is acquired by knowledge of more facts and use of more interpretations.
Disciplined students learn to manage time wisely.
Disciplined writing is stressed.
A disclaimer is denial
Disclaimer applies for all properties.
Disclaimer applies here too.
Disclaimer Be a smart consumer.
Disclaimer Be good now.
Disclaimer click here to visit our sponsor .
Disclaimer discusses standard legal issues.
Disclaimer is scheduled to end now.
Disclaimer Read about our privacy policy and contact information.
Disclaimer Read it.
Disclaimer Read the statements for the offer right here.
Disclaimer there is some potential offensive language so read on with caution .
Disclaimers appear within the actual files.
Disclaimers apply .
Disclaimers are critical.
Disclaimers are ineffective to rebut misrepresentations.
Disclaimers are repudiation.
Disclaimers are usually meaningless when it comes to liability.
Disclaimers can even accompany testimonials.
Disclaimers come in many flavors.
Disclaimers do apply.
Disclaimers have a tendency to strongly resemble either whining or lying.
Disclaimers is an electronic information delivery service.
Disclaimers present other kinds of problems.
Disclaimers Read the label and follow all directions exactly.
Disclaimers require careful planning.
Disclaimers See the section on edition notices , where disclaimers are usually tucked away.
Disclaimers View the topic matrix for the book.
All disclaimers apply .
All disclaimers apply .sig out for repairs.
All disclaimers apply also to the organizations from which our members are employed.
All disclaimers apply yadda yadda.
All disclaimers apply.
All disclaimers given by the fic's author apply.
All disclaimers state the chip is only to be used for imported games and any other use is illegal.
Any disclaimer can deny the rights of consumers.
Any disclaimer regarding significant relationships are in the author's biographies.
Any disclaimers regarding significant relationships are in the author's biographies.
Any disclaimers regarding significant relationships are in the editors' biographies.
Some disclaimers apply.
Some disclaimers provide a range of rates and charges for the international call involved.
Disclosure requirement is more stringent than the main board's.
Disclosure requirements exist to assure an impartial judgment.
A disclosure is a speech act
Disclosure actually provides protection.
Disclosure also offers a brief company snapshot as well as stock quotes.
Disclosure also permits family caregivers to participate in support groups.
Disclosure avoids potential misperception as to how much the organization has been helped.
Disclosure can also speed up the sale, which benefits everyone.
Disclosure can be a way of beginning a discussion about safer sex or drug use.
Disclosure can cause embarrassment, social isolation, and loss of self-esteem.
Disclosure can only occur if a complainant consents or proceeds with their own application to court.
Disclosure collects information from major regulatory agencies and stock exchanges around the world.
Disclosure delayed is disclosure denied.
Disclosure has no obvious downside.
Disclosure includes publication of personal information through any medium.
Disclosure Inculcate a spirit of obedience to the law.
Disclosure is a personal decision.
Disclosure is a powerful tool in assuring that independence, both real and perceived, is achieved.
Disclosure is a process.
Disclosure is a questionable thing.
Disclosure is a relatively simple process.
Disclosure is a web-based product.
Disclosure is almost always good.
Disclosure is also consistent with free market thinking.
Disclosure is also important to understanding and controlling risk in the settlement process.
Disclosure is always better in helping investors make decisions.
Disclosure is an important corollary concern.
Disclosure is another matter.
Disclosure is authorized by court order.
Disclosure is authorized in writing by the student.
Disclosure is critical to the integrity of the decision-making process.
Disclosure is crucially important.
Disclosure is essential for both informed consumers and effective market operations.
Disclosure is essential to exercising that right.
Disclosure is for the sole purpose of facilitating the worker's return to work.
Disclosure is fundamentally fair to the public, candidates and democracy in America.
Disclosure is harder to get in drug cases.
Disclosure is limited to final determinations.
Disclosure is limited to the name of the violator, the type of violation, and the sanction.
Disclosure is made in the same manner described below.
Disclosure is mandated.
Disclosure is mandatory.
Disclosure is more effective than other mechanisms in ensuring against over-compensation.
Disclosure is most important.
Disclosure is on request to the original applicant.
Disclosure is on request.
Disclosure is only meaningful if it is clearly stated and apparent.
Disclosure is optional.
Disclosure is particularly appropriate as a component of future comparable worth legislation.
Disclosure is procompetition, proconsumer, and proworker.
Disclosure is recommended, with possible recusal at some future time.
Disclosure is recommended.
Disclosure is required by law.
Disclosure is required by the Bankruptcy Code and rules.
Disclosure is required under the Freedom of Information Act, as amended.
Disclosure is required.
Disclosure is seen as the first step towards commercialization.
Disclosure is still largely a judgement call.
Disclosure is the bedrock of our current system.
Disclosure is the best cure for many ills, including potential problems with internalization.
Disclosure is the choice of the individual.
Disclosure is the dissemination of material information to the marketplace.
Disclosure is the first step to commercializing a new technology or discovery.
Disclosure is the first step towards desperately needed public accountability for corporations.
Disclosure is the foundation of any well-functioning financial system.
Disclosure is the number one issue here.
Disclosure is the only way to ensure that advertising claims are true.
Disclosure is the same as an offer to recuse or disqualify.
Disclosure is to be delivered before the customer opens an account.
Disclosure is to be kept to the minimum information needed for the purpose of the disclosure. .
Disclosure is to be kept to the minimum information needed for the purpose of the disclosure.
Disclosure is to everyone's advantage.
Disclosure is very important so voters know who s receiving money from whom.
Disclosure is vital to the free flow of information.
Disclosure is voluntary.
Disclosure is waived for certain treaty-based return positions.
Disclosure is warranted under the rule.
Disclosure leads to empathy, which leads to greater disclosure, which leads to more understanding.
Disclosure Make annual accounts publicly available at a nominal fee.
Disclosure markets a database in both CD-ROM and Internet formats.
Disclosure marks a journey from crisis to cross-examination.
Disclosure means disclosure to the public.
Disclosure means making a record about an individual available to or releasing it to another party.
Disclosure only invites discrimination.
Disclosure os social security number, age, gender, and ethnicity is optional.
Disclosure Read our full disclosure.
Disclosure really is the only way out for the 'Gang'sters.
Disclosure refers to access, release, or transfer of personal information about individuals.
Disclosure requires companies to make public their level of giving.
Disclosure serves a two fold purpose.
Disclosure serves as the basis of harmonization.
Disclosure serves to inform voters about the employer or economic status of contributors.
Disclosure still works, maybe too well.
Disclosure takes place after the deal.
Disclosure therefore is a critically important element in the management of any modern economy.
Disclosure works to reduce hazards.
Disclosures are available in our branch offices.
Disclosures are available upon request.
Disclosures are one of nature's little known laws of communication.
Disclosures are open to public inspection.
Disclosures are speech acts.
Disclosures are the checks and balances for the integrity of the arbitral process.
Disclosures are to be kept to the minimum information needed for the purpose of the disclosure.
Disclosures are to be made in writing.
Disclosures are very technical.
Disclosures are well defined so that the member knows what they are paying for.
Disclosures Be Modified .
Disclosures can fall short on any of several counts.
Disclosures facilitate informed customer choice.
Disclosures give consumers the tools to make an informed choice.
Disclosure often results in the disputant agreeing to the administrative sanction.
Disclosures often focus on derivatives and other financial instruments in isolation.
Disclosures often help dispel feelings of shame about the abuse.
All disclosure is opt in .
All disclosures are available electronically with print and download capabilities.
More disclosure is needed in all kinds of arenas.
Most disclosures occur without notice to patients and without any patient consent.
Some disclosure is necessary here.
Some disclosures are easier to find than others.
Some disclosures are easier to locate than others.
Disco isa ballroom.
Disco links too.
DISCo Pump lets explore webpages off-line.
Discos are also available.
Discos are located in cities.
Discos are located in hotels.
Discos are located in towns.
Discos are located in trash.
Discos are still the favorite place to chill out, especially the suburban crowds at weekends.
Discos are used for dances.
Discos are used for dancing.
Discos attract the wrong kind of lady.
Discos begin to warm up just as the pubs start closing their doors.
Discos have (part) bases.
Discos have (part) ceilings.
Discos have (part) doorways.
Discos have (part) floors.
Discos have (part) room light.
Discos have (part) sections.
Discos have (part) walls.
Discos have a cover charge which normally includes the first drink.
Most discos charge an entrance fee, but are usually worth it.
Discogenic courses are available only in Chicago.
A discography is a catalogue
Discographies are brief, and bibliographies are nearly absent.
Discographies are catalogs.
Discographies typically list record label and matrix numbers.
Some discographies link to sound files.
Discoid lupus is a benign, distinctive disc-shaped skin eruption.
Discoid lupus is a characteristic rash without significant problems.
Discoid lupus is a disease of the skin, which is often chronic and leads to scarring.
Discoid lupus is a limited disease with superficial skin involvement only.
Discoid lupus is neither cancerous nor contagious.
Discoidal cleavage is characteristic of a. amphibians b.
Discoidal cleavage is characteristic of a. birds b.
Discolored areas are sunken and wrinkled and often surrounded by a yellow halo.
Discolored needles are most conspicuous in early spring.
Discolored pans cause uneven browning.
Discolored roots indicate root rot.
Discolored water is often the result of old plumbing.
Discomfort clouds the room.
Discomfort disappears when the test is completed.
Discomfort disappears when the test is finished.
Discomfort following surgical treatment is usually mild.
Discomfort increases as the infection progresses.
Discomfort increases greatly with dew point temperatures above that.
Discomfort increases with activity.
Discomfort increases with minimal activity.
Discomfort is a condition
Discomfort is conditions.
Discomfort is located in dentists.
Discomfort lasts from a few days to several months.
Discomfort leads to procrastination.
Discomfort motivates a horse to seek comfort.
Discomfort occurs as a small red welt appears, followed soon by a clear blister.
Discomfort starts in one area, like the neck and shoulders, and spreads to other parts of the body.
Discomfort varies with individuals.
Discomfort always seems more tolerable anywhere other than the place in which it's being felt.
Any discomfort can lead to abnormal behaviors.
Any discomfort is minimal and well outweighs the suffering and death caused by uncurbed breeding.
Any discomfort is the result of years of improper diet now being corrected.
Any discomfort lasts only a few seconds.
Any discomfort only lasts a second or two.
Any discomfort removes the incentive to continue.
Some discomfort is common in new boots.
Some discomfort is felt only when the lumbar puncture needle is inserted.
Some discomfort is involved but is usually transient.
Some discomfort is normal after surgery.
Some discomfort is normal following surgery.
Disconcerted predators move on.
Disconnect foundation drains from the sanitary sewer system.
Disconnect fuel valves to help reduce the risk of fire or water pollution.
A disconnect is disparity
Disconnects are almost entirely attributable to poor line quality and line noise.
Disconnects are available in many styles including fully insulated and locking type.
Disconnects are fairly common.
Disconnects happen, it's part of life.
Disconnects occur after the scheduled disconnect time.
Disconnects require about three seconds.
Disconnects show as hangups.
Disconnects usually occur due to a sudden drop during a data transmission.
Disconnected applications increase support costs.
Disconnected graphs are reconstructible.
Disconnected households are older and tend to be smaller.
Disconnected knowledge is inferior to a system of knowledge.
Disconnected mode offers the most flexibility.
Disconnected nodes form line segments or arcs.
Disconnected people are more likely to dehumanize others and behave violently.
Disconnected streams are separated from the ground-water system by an unsaturated zone.
Disconnected universes are different from insides of black holes.
A disconnection is disparity
Disconnection becomes a way of life.
Disconnection brings a price, even in westerns.
Disconnection is also relative to the player s skill level.
Disconnection is effected manually by rotating a worm gear to retract the bolt.
Disconnection is just as devastating as destruction.
Disconnection is the actual termination of a connection between two IrLAP stations.
Disconnection is the new buzzword.
Disconnection is the other half, and it is equally important.
Disconnection is usually a simple, relatively inexpensive process.
Disconnection is viewed as the natural course of development for such relationships.
Disconnection means complete cessation of contact.
Disconnection takes place after a few minutes.
Disconnections are a last resort.
Disconnections are common in mobile environments.
Disconnections are more common early in a session if there is a short period of inactivity.
Disconnections are separation.
Disconnections can arise from many areas.
Disconnections can be a problem if system resources are low.
Disconnections can occur for a variety of reasons.
Most disconnections are for no more than a day.
Disconscious people are the dog people.
DIScontentment is an ugly word.
Discontentment is desire
Discontentment is only the beginning.
Discontinuation syndrome has a variable presentation.
Discontinuation can produce a relapse.
Discontinuation is a conclusion
Discontinuation is complicated because it involves state jurisdiction of the water and the bottom.
Discontinuation is recommended if significant diarrhea develops.
Discontinuations also affect pension and lease obligations and derivative and hedging transactions.
Discontinuation often leads to unwanted pregnancies.
Discontinuing ventilation Discontinuing ventilation poses some of the most difficult problems.
A discontinuity is separation
Discontinuities are locations for x values that make the function undefined.
Discontinuities are separation.
Discontinuities are the hackers of forecasting.
Discontinuities are visible in the data.
Discontinuities disrupt statistical prediction.
Discontinuities do exist among the inhabitants of fresh- water systems.
Discontinuities occur at prices for which a marketed asset suddenly becomes redundant.
Discontinuity also arises when consumers move home.
Discontinuity can significantly reduce the efficiency of the environmental barrier.
Discontinuity is a mathematical term.
Discontinuity is far more worthy to be coveted than continuity.
Discontinuity is the mother or fountainhead of innovation.
Discontinuity is useful.
Discontinuity means 'no linkage'.
Discontinuity tends to have a less specific urban focus.
Every discontinuity creates a new way to vibrate.
Discontinuous change describes development that occurs in distinct stages.
Discontinuous change generates unexpected problems.
Discontinuous change is chaos-like.
Discontinuous change is in the air.
Discontinuous characteristics are rare in humans and other animals, but are more common in plants.
Discontinuous ditches lie inside the earthen banks.
Discontinuous innovation is the front door to an investable event.
Discontinuous markets start small.
Discontinuous permafrost occurs in patches and is found in the boreal forest climate.
Discontinuous permafrost occurs throughout the region.
Discontinuous reaches occur in swamps or marshes.
Discontinuous theories emphasize a particular skill or attribute at a particular age.
Discord is a disagreement
Discord is commonplace.
Discord is disagreements.
Discord is disorder.
Discord is to be forced to be in harmony with others.
Discords are there to throw harmony into focus.
Discords have a place in music, but only when they are resolved to harmonies.
All discord is produced by ignorant, unwise thoughts and words.
Some discord still occurs, and there are many poor.
A discordance is dissonance
Discordance belongs to the latest generation of noise makers.
Discordant animals are less likely to have transmittable diseases than concordant animals.
Discordant breath comes out cold and rough.
Discordant coastlines feature distinctive landforms because the rocks are eroded by ocean waves .
Discordant elements unite to form a harmonious whole.
Most discos offer a ladies night at least once a week with admission and drinks completely free.
A discotheque is a ballroom
Discotheques are open during both summer and winter.
Discotheques play in small clubs over the weekends.
Discount broker offers research and cash management accounts, for individuals as well as advisors.
Discount brokers act mostly as order takers and, therefore, can offer very low commission fees.
Discount brokers are available for qualified accounts.
Discount brokers buy and sell stocks and bonds at lower rates than full-service brokers.
Discount brokers carry out transactions for clients, but typically offer more limited services.
Discount brokers have their limits, too.
Discount brokers offer a full range of investments.
Discount brokers separate the two components of the investment transaction.
Most discount brokers are on salary and charge lower commissions.
Some discount brokers charge a higher commission for limit orders.
Discount brokerage is the new game, especially via data highways.
Discount brokerages are busy places and it's recognized mistakes happen.
Discount brokerages are far less expensive then full-service firms.
Discount brokerages make money by doing business in volume.
Discount brokerages offer little in the way of personal attention but are much cheaper.
Discount cards are available at the box office during box office hours.
Discount cards are available at the library and from the dealers.
Discount cards are available for fifteen guilders for the first year, giving a ten-percent discount.
Discount cards are available for many attractions.
Discount cards are available for several Florida attractions.
Discount cards are available to all residents.
Discount cards are available upon request.
Discount cards are in the implementation stage.
Discount cards reduce the price of certain purchases.
Discount cards welcome.
All discount cards expire one year from date of purchase.
Discount chain is chain
Discount chains order very large volumes and pay much less for products than specialty stores.
Discount codes are available on the products information page .
Discount points affect refinance mortgages more than purchase mortgages.
Discount points are a one-time fee paid to lower the interest rate.
Discount points are a way to lower the interest rate by, in effect, paying some interest in advance.
Discount points are pre-paid interest paid by the borrower on a loan.
Discount points are simply interest that is paid up-front.
Discount points is a fee paid in advance to lower the interest rate over the life of a loan.
Discount points refers to the percentage discount applied to impression or click-thru charges.
Discount Points See Points.
Discount policy is subject to change without prior notice.
Discount price is given on a county and municipal wide basis.
Discount prices apply only on items with the same code number.
Discount prices are available for orders of five or more copies.
Discount prices are available for the purchase of ten or more booklets.
Discount prices are available to resellers or for bulk orders.
Discount prices are only available during the posted week.
Discount Prices Look for the RED price on our discounted items.
All discount prices are mail order only.
Discount rate applies to active non-profit local community group members only.
Discount Rate applies to members living in Latin America or any other country nor included above.
Discount rate is a symbolic rate.
Discount rate is good throughout the U.S. and Canada.
Discount Rate is shown in yellow .
Discount rates apply only to volume orders or established customers.
Discount rates are also available for certain organizational members.
Discount rates are also available on bulk orders.
Discount rates are also available.
Discount rates are available after initial free sessions.
Discount rates are available at all corporate and participating licensee locations.
Discount rates are available during the spring and fall.
Discount rates are available for bulk orders.
Discount rates are available for corporations renting the room for one week or more.
Discount rates are available for extended sponsorships.
Discount rates are available for groups.
Discount rates are available for high volume disc repair orders.
Discount rates are available for members.
Discount rates are available for most cities and countries.
Discount rates are available for most size vehicles.
Discount rates are available for multiple bookings.
Discount rates are available for multiple subscriptions.
Discount rates are available for non-profits, couples and organizational teams.
Discount rates are available for purchasing multiple ads.
Discount rates are available for students needing to rent gear.
Discount rates are available for ten or more people.
Discount rates are available for volume resellers .
Discount rates are available to eligible schools.
Discount rates are available to our full members.
Discount rates are available to seniors and students.
Discount rates are available up to five days prior to travel.
Discount rates are available, based on the guaranteed quantity in ongoing binding orders.
Discount rates are available.
Discount rates are interest rates.
Discount rates are to reflect the rates at which pension benefits can be effectively settled.
Discount rates can be deceptive.
Discount rates vary depending on the number of people in the group.
Discount retailers represent the largest and fastest-growing segment of the national toy market.
Discount retailers say local resistance is, at worst, a nuisance.
Discount retailers sell merchandise at a reduced price.
Discount shops sell goods at prices that have already been reduced.
A discount store is an outlet
Discount stores appear to have led other retail categories in sales growth during the season.
Discount stores are also important.
Discount stores are big winners with toady s cost careful consumers.
Discount stores are chock full of lead-containing items.
Discount stores are the most common outlet for buying grills.
Discount stores are the most common outlet for purchasing grills.
Discount stores carry good-quality ones for reasonable prices.
Discount stores compete on price.
Discount stores grab their share, offering books along with light bulbs, toilet paper, and tires.
Discount stores have party sections with inexpensive toys which can be used for prizes.
Discount stores have several systems from which to select.
Discount stores have small plastic baskets in vivid colors.
Discount stores sell bakery, tobacco, furniture and other household goods for less.
Discount stores top the list as the most frequently used retail channel.
Many discount stores carry a variety of inexpensive lunch boxes and mini coolers.
Most discount stores carry a variety of name brands.
Most discount stores have various sturdy plastic tool boxes that can be had at a reasonable fee.
Most discount stores receive daily merchandise and destroy the packaging and boxes after unloading.
Most discount stores sell designer replicas at a fraction of the cost.
Discount utility is automatic and available instantaneously.
A discount is a reduction
Discount also applies to custom frame orders placed that day.
Discount also applies to sale prices.
Discount appears in shopping cart.
Discount appears when processed.
Discount applies for both general admission and child wristbands.
Discount applies for min.
Discount applies if purchased before or during the training program.
Discount applies on a per stateroom basis and is applicable to all categories based on availability.
Discount applies only if the payment terms are fulfilled.
Discount applies only to advertising in issues carrying cover dates while membership is current.
Discount applies only to courses taken in the same term.
Discount applies only to the number of corresponding on-line and print advertisements.
Discount applies only when courses are taken in the same week.
Discount applies only when the invoices are paid according to terms.
Discount applies only when vehicle is registered to a senior.
Discount applies per person - per stub.
Discount applies to accommodation only.
Discount applies to all in stock merchandise.
Discount applies to all lines at all company locations.
Discount applies to all orders placed online or by phone, fax or mail.
Discount applies to all paid conference registrants, except one-day registrants or groups.
Discount applies to any item on our designer stationery, photo albums, and gifts for kids page.
Discount applies to bare root roses only.
Discount applies to base rate only.
Discount applies to base time and mileage rate.
Discount applies to both tuition, accommodation and material levy fees.
Discount applies to class with lowest fee.
Discount applies to disclaimer copy space only.
Discount applies to domestic and international markets.
Discount applies to each order per location.
Discount applies to fare level prior to all applicable taxes, fees and surcharges.
Discount applies to filled orders.
Discount applies to final payment.
Discount applies to food only.
Discount applies to frequency agreement established.
Discount applies to hourly rentals and guided kayak adventures.
Discount applies to items in stock.
Discount applies to labor charges for appliance service work only.
Discount applies to land portion of second week rate only.
Discount applies to list price.
Discount applies to merchandise only.
Discount applies to models in-stock and shipped at the same time to the same address.
Discount applies to new reservations only.
Discount applies to one child and sibling registrations.
Discount applies to one site only.
Discount applies to one site per card.
Discount applies to only one registration.
Discount applies to regular monthly rate only.
Discount applies to regular, non-promotional rate available on day of application.
Discount applies to selected items which include seasonally appropriate planters and flowers.
Discount applies to standard time and mileage charges only.
Discount applies to tickets purchased at the gate only.
Discount applies to time and mileage charges only.
Discount applies to time and mileage only and for European car rentals only.
Discount applies to total number of seed packs ordered.
Discount applies to vehicles actively and regularly campaigned in public events only.
Discount applies whether paying by cash or credit card.
Discount are available to companies and groups.
Discount are available to seniors and children.
Discount Ask for an educator's discount.
Discount becomes interest expense as incurred.
Discount calling plans and dial-around services can change without notice.
Discount depend on frequency.
Discount depend upon quantity ordered.
Discount depending on quantity, ask.
Discount depends on the item being rented.
Discount depends on the size of the group.
Discount does apply to sale items, net priced items, lumber products or special orders.
Discount excludes all hard goods and sale merchandise.
Discount excludes sale items and textbooks.
Discount given for cash but terms are available.
Discount given for cash, but terms are available.
Discount given is for a limited time only.
Discount gives price CU paid or lowest advertised prices from New York-area stores.
Discount is a dirty word Trying to be the cheapest can be a prescription for an early exit.
Discount is a question about quantity.
Discount is accumulated one week per quarter.
Discount is an additional savings above and beyond the normal group discounted rates.
Discount is an original standard price.
Discount is applicable only to the time and mileage portion of the rental charge.
Discount is applied at checkout.
Discount is applied at the time of purchase.
Discount is applied automatically at checkout.
Discount is applied during the ordering process.
Discount is applied on a per program basis.
Discount is applied once the requirement is met.
Discount is applied to the lower cost seminar.
Discount is applied to the total amount of the sale.
Discount is available for individuals or clubs insuring three or more boats.
Discount is available for multiple copies.
Discount is available for personal shipments only.
Discount is available on group booking.
Discount is available on group bookings.
Discount is available on multiple copy orders.
Discount is available on some products.
Discount is available only after the first order is placed.
Discount is available to any Adventist entity.
Discount is based on registrants paying full fee as listed in above schedule.
Discount is based on the advertised weekly rate.
Discount is based on total titles at time of purchase.
Discount is based on volume.
Discount is calculated after order confirmation is received.
Discount is calculated at checkout.
Discount is charged as a percentage of the loan amount.
Discount is determined by volume of purchases forecast within product pools.
Discount is for campsite fees only.
Discount is for land portion only.
Discount is for Marist students only.
Discount is for merchandise total before shipping.
Discount is for retail customers only.
Discount is given for early payment of taxes.
Discount is given if all options are taken.
Discount is given of published rack rate.
Discount is good for bands and musicians only.
Discount is good on one, regularly priced clothing item.
Discount is negotiable usually for large quantity and continuous orders.
Discount is negotiable.
Discount is non-retroactive.
Discount is off of nightly lodging rate only.
Discount is off of the published rack rates.
Discount is off retail prices displayed on the Web site.
Discount is off TP per case.
Discount is on base rental rate excluding tax and any additional charges.
Discount is on original standard price.
Discount is on the total value of the order, excluding taxes, shipping, and handling charges.
Discount is on total before shipping cost and applicable taxes.
Discount is only on non-sale merchandise.
Discount is possible for local residents .
Discount is possible when ordering large quantities.
Discount is provided for students in some countries, and for full time pastors and missionaries.
Discount is redeemable only at the time the order is placed.
Discount is subject to verification.
Discount is subtracted from the principal before the borrower receives the money.
Discount is taken at the register.
Discount is taken before travel costs are added.
Discount is taken off the product price before taxes and shipping.
Discount is the last bank to introduce such a system.
Discount is the percent reduced on the price of an item.
Discount is valid on any purchase in stores only.
Discount is valid until further notice.
Discount offer good for one time use only.
Discount offers for ebags and more with purchase.
Discount offers free customer pick-up and return.
Discount offers to many Southern California attractions.
Discount offers welcome.
Discount only applies if registrations are done at the same time.
Discount only applies to above listed products.
Discount only applies to bookings made with advanced notice.
Discount only applies to books marked 'before discount'.
Discount only applies to combinations listed above.
Discount only applies to deli.
Discount only applies to orders placed directly through O Books.
Discount only applies to the Net Seed Cost.
Discount only applies to the spring course Sorry for the confusion.
Discount only applies to time and mileage.
Discount only applies toward monthly hosting and other charges are excluded.
Discount only applies when paid in advance.
Discount passes available and are accepted at all pools.
Discount passes available.
Discount passes for summer are available.
Discount passes for the park for participants.
Discount passes If the attraction is covered by a pass, which one.
Discount passes to several local museums are available.
Discount passes to Springs.
Discount passes, good on all forms of public transit, are available at subway stations.
Discount Points Discount points are equal to a percent of the loan amount.
Discount send travel business-class canada discount.
Discount varies based on the product.
Discount varies by product.
Discount varies with quantity purchased.
Discount varies with the particular product.
Discounts abound for our members for events, publications, services, products and programs.
Discounts also apply to color.
Discounts also apply to eye exams.
Discounts also apply to massage therapy and physical therapy at some locations.
Discounts also apply to people living in remote areas.
Discounts also apply to staff accounts.
Discounts also are available on fewer day passes.
Discounts also work.
Discounts applies general titles.
Discounts apply at checkout.
Discounts apply for accredited educational organizations.
Discounts apply for additional pages and services.
Discounts apply for CCSD members.
Discounts apply for cities west of Chicago and Minneapolis.
Discounts apply for cruise vessels.
Discounts apply for early payment.
Discounts apply for groups of four or more.
Discounts apply for groups.
Discounts apply for large quantities.
Discounts apply for larger orders.
Discounts apply for larger quantities.
Discounts apply for larger volume of transactions.
Discounts apply for less desirable carcasses.
Discounts apply for long hires.
Discounts apply for long term and specialty hires.
Discounts apply for longer stays.
Discounts apply for more than one.
Discounts apply for multi-day orders.
Discounts apply for multi-month orders.
Discounts apply for multiple banners.
Discounts apply for multiple bookings.
Discounts apply for multiple classes and siblings.
Discounts apply for multiple purchases.
Discounts apply for multiple registrants from a single organization.
Discounts apply for multiple registration and groups.
Discounts apply for multiple services.
Discounts Apply for multiple subjects.
Discounts apply for multi-user and network licenses.
Discounts apply for multi-user licenses.
Discounts apply for mutiple catogories.
Discounts apply for prepaid multi issue contracts .
Discounts apply for purchase of multiple copies.
Discounts apply for senior citizens and groups.
Discounts apply for seniors and children.
Discounts apply for signed contracts.
Discounts apply for smaller groups, please enquire.
Discounts apply for specially organised school and other groups.
Discounts apply for three and five year contracts, as well as multi-site licenses.
Discounts apply for three or more people registering at the same time.
Discounts apply for writers who use four pages or more.
Discounts apply if duplications are requested prior to final editing.
Discounts apply if joining late in the year.
Discounts apply if locally organize.
Discounts apply if two seminars are presented consecutively.
Discounts apply in certain circumstances and for block bookings.
Discounts apply in some cases, for example to students and educational institutions.
Discounts apply in some cases.
Discounts apply in the pro shop and restaurant.
Discounts apply on other train journeys, and often bus connections to local towns are included.
Discounts apply on qualifying ethical and surgical purchases.
Discounts apply on some volume selections.
Discounts apply only for the first year's premium.
Discounts apply only to orders placed three days in advance.
Discounts apply only to pound quantities.
Discounts apply only to the amount of an order actually filled.
Discounts apply only to the item, brands and terms specified in the offer.
Discounts apply only when ads are run in the same week with the same copy.
Discounts apply overseas as well as in the United States and Canada.
Discounts apply to accounts in good standing, subject to terms and conditions.
Discounts apply to advance registration only.
Discounts apply to all monthly, six-month and annual packages.
Discounts apply to all our products.
Discounts apply to all vehicle types from minivans to SUVs to Jaguars.
Discounts apply to any combination of titles ordered on the same purchase order.
Discounts apply to ANY standard package except special promotions.
Discounts apply to badges and cap pieces only.
Discounts apply to base rate only.
Discounts apply to basic internet connection accounts.
Discounts apply to book prices only.
Discounts apply to books available at the time the order is packaged.
Discounts apply to books only.
Discounts apply to broker-assisted and online trades.
Discounts apply to bulk club orders.
Discounts apply to bulk orders.
Discounts apply to car classes compact through standard four-wheel drive.
Discounts apply to certain coverages and vary by state.
Discounts apply to color charges, except as indicated.
Discounts apply to course fees only.
Discounts apply to daily rates only.
Discounts apply to daily, weekly rates.
Discounts apply to daily, weekly, weekend rates.
Discounts apply to economy through full-size cars.
Discounts apply to elective contact lenses and non-covered contact lenses.
Discounts apply to entire masses of one color of one bead.
Discounts apply to extended rental periods.
Discounts apply to flights in North America only.
Discounts apply to full day tuition only.
Discounts apply to full price day tickets.
Discounts apply to funds invested within six-months of the initial investment.
Discounts apply to International travel as well.
Discounts apply to large orders.
Discounts apply to larger orders.
Discounts apply to larger workgroups.
Discounts apply to law enforcement agencies.
Discounts apply to manufacturer's current published retail prices.
Discounts apply to many of the products for members.
Discounts apply to most destinations.
Discounts apply to multiple orders.
Discounts apply to multiple title purchases - see the order page for details.
Discounts apply to multiple watercraft rentals or rentals for consecutive days.
Discounts apply to new policies only.
Discounts apply to non-commercial and charitable institutions.
Discounts apply to nonprofit groups.
Discounts apply to one complete order.
Discounts apply to online orders only.
Discounts apply to payments made in advance.
Discounts apply to personal purchases.
Discounts apply to plaque price only.
Discounts apply to published fares only.
Discounts apply to published letter and package single zone rates in effect at time of shipment.
Discounts apply to purchase of the set of five.
Discounts apply to quantity purchases.
Discounts apply to raft rental price only.
Discounts apply to registered players.
Discounts apply to regular pricing.
Discounts apply to regular retail prices only.
Discounts apply to selected seats.
Discounts apply to services provided by participating practicioners.
Discounts apply to services provided by participating practitioners.
Discounts apply to single or mixed types of feed purchased.
Discounts apply to space only.
Discounts apply to standard signs and custom signs.
Discounts apply to stock orders only.
Discounts apply to the following situations.
Discounts apply to the lesser rate.
Discounts apply to the lowest airfares sales rates.
Discounts apply to the primary residence only.
Discounts apply to the rafting portion of a package only.
Discounts apply to the regular manufacturers suggested retail price.
Discounts apply to the regular, catalog listed price of plants only.
Discounts apply to travel only within the continental U.S. and from Canada.
Discounts apply to two passengers traveling together.
Discounts apply to video purchases only.
Discounts apply to volume orders.
Discounts apply to wine shipments, letters, documents and promotional materials.
Discounts apply when advertiser contracts at time of placing ad.
Discounts apply when ordering additional trainings.
Discounts apply when paired with boat booking.
Discounts apply when projects include more than ten pages.
Discounts apply when purchasing in bulk.
Discounts apply when signing up for both sessions, or for two children from the same family.
Discounts apply when two or more people register for the same program at the same time.
Discounts are a form of price competition and are generally to be encouraged.
Discounts are also applicable to Society-sponsored merchandising programs.
Discounts are also available for a single event.
Discounts are also available for approved advertising material.
Discounts are also available for attendance on both days.
Discounts are also available for congregations ordering one of several group plans.
Discounts are also available for corporations and businesses of any size.
Discounts are also available for early payment.
Discounts are also available for educational materials and the CCRN certification.
Discounts are also available for extended stays and GMHA events.
Discounts are also available for groups and in country development workers.
Discounts are also available for groups who sign up together.
Discounts are also available for international delegates.
Discounts are also available for large orders.
Discounts are also available for libraries.
Discounts are also available for long term leases.
Discounts are also available for longer stays and for performing musical and theatrical artists.
Discounts are also available for multi policy insures.
Discounts are also available for multiple booths.
Discounts are also available for multiple copies purchased.
Discounts are also available for multiple properties.
Discounts are also available for multiple purchases.
Discounts are also available for multiple shows and groups.
Discounts are also available for ordering multiple copies of reprint sets.
Discounts are also available for particular groups of people.
Discounts are also available for sample analyses that can wait until late winter.
Discounts are also available for second servers.
Discounts are also available for second-server purchases.
Discounts are also available for single occupancy except during holidays or Autumn Glory.
Discounts are also available for students and educational institutions.
Discounts are also available for travelers participating on more than one safari.
Discounts are also available on car rentals.
Discounts are also available on dining, car rentals, condominiums, airfare and cruise packages.
Discounts are also available on furniture and electronics.
Discounts are also available on health and fitness club memberships.
Discounts are also available on members' homes and personal automobiles.
Discounts are also available on other boats - please enquire.
Discounts are also available to alumni on hire charges for football pitches and tennis courts.
Discounts are also available to anyone wanting matched sets of jewellery, e.g. necklace and brooch.
Discounts are also available to high schools and public libraries.
Discounts are also available to purchases made by multiple networks.
Discounts are also now available at some outside fitness facilities.
Discounts are always available to schools with significant minority enrollment.
Discounts are always subject to limited availability and restrictions.
Discounts are an added benefit.
Discounts are another reasons consumers opt to shop via the Web.
Discounts are applicable for both day and evening classes.
Discounts are applicable for multiple features.
Discounts are as follows.
Discounts are as volatile as prices.
Discounts are at times available, please inquire.
Discounts are availabe on large quanity orders.
Discounts are available - see the discount schedule here .
Discounts are available according to size of job.
Discounts are available according to the length of the commitment and the budget.
Discounts are available although special conditions do apply.
Discounts are available and based on volume and product style.
Discounts are available and groups are welcomed.
Discounts are available and purchases include FREE lifetime technical support.
Discounts are available and reference codes are provided.
Discounts are available at local hotels.
Discounts are available at most locations, depending on the number of copies purchased.
Discounts are available at several local hotels.
Discounts are available at the original time of registration.
Discounts are available based on the number of participants and length of the trip.
Discounts are available based on the number of samples and nature of the tests requested.
Discounts are available based on total year commitment.
Discounts are available depending upon quantities ordered.
Discounts are available during certain times of year.
Discounts are available during certain weeks.
Discounts are available for academic institutions and volume purchases.
Discounts are available for academic, government, non-p rofit, student lab, and classroom use.
Discounts are available for accredited companies or for multiple orders.
Discounts are available for additional and departmental licences.
Discounts are available for additional children in a family.
Discounts are available for additional CPUs.
Discounts are available for additional flight time and long term contracts.
Discounts are available for advance registration.
Discounts are available for advanced registration .
Discounts are available for advertisers purchasing larger blocks of impressions.
Discounts are available for air express shipments, freight and international shipments.
Discounts are available for all beneficiary drug purchases.
Discounts are available for all campers on seasonal entry permits.
Discounts are available for all new dealers.
Discounts are available for all students.
Discounts are available for an increased number of viewers as well as for the network version.
Discounts are available for annual hosting prepaid.
Discounts are available for annual pre-payment of service and volume purchases.
Discounts are available for any clubs ordering a new club kit on behalf of their members.
Discounts are available for approved universities.
Discounts are available for attending multiple classes.
Discounts are available for big and periodic information transfers.
Discounts are available for birthday parties and subscribers.
Discounts are available for birthday parties.
Discounts are available for block-booking.
Discounts are available for book dealers and for orders of five or more publications.
Discounts are available for books ordered in bulk.
Discounts are available for booksellers.
Discounts are available for bulk advertising.
Discounts are available for bulk listings.
Discounts are available for bulk orders and locally based groups.
Discounts are available for bulk orders of five or more.
Discounts are available for bulk orders of individual publications.
Discounts are available for bulk orders of single titles.
Discounts are available for bulk orders, and for authorized resellers.
Discounts are available for bulk orders.
Discounts are available for bulk purchase of any one title - inquire for more details .
Discounts are available for bulk purchases of selected products.
Discounts are available for bulk purchases of ten books or more.
Discounts are available for bulk purchases or for older inventory.
Discounts are available for bulk purchases to build a library.
Discounts are available for bulk purchases.
Discounts are available for bulk sales and the product is available for immediate shipping.
Discounts are available for bulk sales.
Discounts are available for bulk volume purchasing - please inquire.
Discounts are available for business that pay semi-annually or annually.
Discounts are available for Canadian orders.
Discounts are available for certain multiple purchases.
Discounts are available for charitable and other non-profit organisations.
Discounts are available for charitable non-profit organizations and certain other special groups.
Discounts are available for Chicago residents.
Discounts are available for children and seniors.
Discounts are available for children of ministers and missionaries.
Discounts are available for children of U of L employees.
Discounts are available for children, retired people, military personnel and groups.
Discounts are available for children, students, military, seniors and groups.
Discounts are available for children.
Discounts are available for city, state, and federal agencies as well as nonprofit organizations.
Discounts are available for class sets.
Discounts are available for clients who return on a recommended grooming schedule.
Discounts are available for clubs and groups of five or more.
Discounts are available for clubs, schools and expedition orders.
Discounts are available for college groups and visitors with disabilities.
Discounts are available for combination packages of web site design and maintenance.
Discounts are available for combinations of services.
Discounts are available for commercial accounts and on volume purchases.
Discounts are available for commercial and government accounts.
Discounts are available for companies paying premiums on multiple employees.
Discounts are available for companies that advertise on more than one page.
Discounts are available for convicted wife beaters.
Discounts are available for couples, first team players, and of course juniors.
Discounts are available for courts and admission agencies.
Discounts are available for current users wanting to upgrade and for users of competitive products.
Discounts are available for customers who pre-pay.
Discounts are available for dance events by purchasing early through subscription sales.
Discounts are available for departments and for long-term archiving of static data.
Discounts are available for direct bookings.
Discounts are available for district and on school sets.
Discounts are available for doctors, dentists, companies and other bulk purchasers.
Discounts are available for double and triple rooms.
Discounts are available for each plan when paying for six months or for a full year.
Discounts are available for early booking on some workshops.
Discounts are available for early booking, additional passengers in the same cabin, and groups.
Discounts are available for early booking, non-divers and repeat customers.
Discounts are available for early booking.
Discounts are available for early bookings, groups larger than two and extended trips.
Discounts are available for early payment.
Discounts are available for early registration and team enrollment.
Discounts are available for early registration and when four or more people register together.
Discounts are available for early registration.
Discounts are available for education and academic uses.
Discounts are available for educational institutions.
Discounts are available for educational sites and volume purchases.
Discounts are available for educational users, and statutory bodies.
Discounts are available for eligible universities and non-profit organizations.
Discounts are available for extended contracts.
Discounts are available for extended registrations .
Discounts are available for extended stay guests.
Discounts are available for extended stays.
Discounts are available for faculty and staff and their families.
Discounts are available for faculty and staff.
Discounts are available for faculty, staff, and students.
Discounts are available for families of four or more.
Discounts are available for families registering more than one child.
Discounts are available for families with more than one camper attending during the summer.
Discounts are available for families with more than one child.
Discounts are available for families with more than one rider.
Discounts are available for families with multiple members.
Discounts are available for families with several dogs.
Discounts are available for families, groups and weekdays.
Discounts are available for family members and part-time employees.
Discounts are available for festivals that are presented on consecutive days at the same location.
Discounts are available for fieldtrips and groups.
Discounts are available for first year leagues.
Discounts are available for flights two days before and two days after meeting dates.
Discounts are available for four or more participants.
Discounts are available for frequency advertising.
Discounts are available for frequent flyers and their families.
Discounts are available for full-year ad placements.
Discounts are available for global banner ad placement.
Discounts are available for group attendance.
Discounts are available for group bookings.
Discounts are available for group registration of five or more people.
Discounts are available for group registrations of three or more.
Discounts are available for groups and clubs.
Discounts are available for groups and extended stays.
Discounts are available for groups and long term stays.
Discounts are available for groups and members of The Science Place.
Discounts are available for groups and religious organizations.
Discounts are available for groups and season ticket holders.
Discounts are available for groups and siblings.
Discounts are available for groups and tours.
Discounts are available for groups enrolling more than one student at a time.
Discounts are available for groups from the same firm.
Discounts are available for groups of four or more registering together.
Discounts are available for groups of four or more.
Discounts are available for groups of orders.
Discounts are available for groups of six or more and corporate rates are available.
Discounts are available for groups of ten or more.
Discounts are available for groups of three or more participants and increase with group size.
Discounts are available for groups of three or more people from the same company.
Discounts are available for groups of three or more.
Discounts are available for groups of twenty or more.
Discounts are available for groups or for multiple day lets.
Discounts are available for groups over twenty.
Discounts are available for groups with advance reservations.
Discounts are available for groups with higher volume.
Discounts are available for groups, and length of stay.
Discounts are available for groups, families and alumni.
Discounts are available for groups, seniors and full-time students.
Discounts are available for groups, seniors, students and military.
Discounts are available for groups.
Discounts are available for guests bringing their own ATVs.
Discounts are available for guests using their own horses.
Discounts are available for heavy users.
Discounts are available for high-volume accounts, and depending on order type and format.
Discounts are available for high-volume, university, or executive education purchases.
Discounts are available for IEEE members and for students.
Discounts are available for IEEE members.
Discounts are available for income eligible couples.
Discounts are available for installation onto multiple computers.
Discounts are available for ISEA member companies and bulk purchasers.
Discounts are available for ISPs, resellers and OEMs.
Discounts are available for large advertisements and frequent advertisers.
Discounts are available for large documents and for well-written papers.
Discounts are available for large group bookings .
Discounts are available for large groups.
Discounts are available for large or long running campaigns.
Discounts are available for large orders.
Discounts are available for large projects.
Discounts are available for large purchases and to long term advertisers.
Discounts are available for large quantities of scans with extended turnaround times.
Discounts are available for large quantities purchased for classroom use.
Discounts are available for large quantities, bulk orders or standing orders.
Discounts are available for large quantities.
Discounts are available for large quantity and educational orders.
Discounts are available for large scale projects.
Discounts are available for large volumes and bulk work.
Discounts are available for large volumes or bulk work.
Discounts are available for larger accounts.
Discounts are available for larger families and groups.
Discounts are available for larger groups and multiple course registration.
Discounts are available for larger groups of users.
Discounts are available for larger groups.
Discounts are available for larger orders.
Discounts are available for larger purchases.
Discounts are available for larger quantities.
Discounts are available for larger quantity orders.
Discounts are available for law enforcement personnel.
Discounts are available for law school students.
Discounts are available for Lawrence students, faculty, staff, and emeriti.
Discounts are available for length of ad placement.
Discounts are available for long running ads and national ads.
Discounts are available for long term bookings.
Discounts are available for long term contracts.
Discounts are available for long term rentals.
Discounts are available for long term tenants.
Discounts are available for long winter lets.
Discounts are available for longer ad durations.
Discounts are available for longer lease terms.
Discounts are available for longer periods.
Discounts are available for longer stays, please feel free to inquire.
Discounts are available for longer term memberships.
Discounts are available for longer visits.
Discounts are available for long-term contracts.
Discounts are available for long-term plans.
Discounts are available for long-term stays.
Discounts are available for lounge rental when it is accompanied by an auditorium rental.
Discounts are available for low income, full-time UCSD students.
Discounts are available for low-income families.
Discounts are available for many items.
Discounts are available for many of our courses but they vary in each subject area.
Discounts are available for members .
Discounts are available for members of many state independent agent associations.
Discounts are available for members, chapters, and bulk orders.
Discounts are available for Members.
Discounts are available for mid-week getaways and longer stays.
Discounts are available for monthly passes or buying tickets in bulk.
Discounts are available for more pages.
Discounts Are available for more than one patient coming in on a program and sharing the same room.
Discounts are available for more than one year of membership.
Discounts are available for most couples.
Discounts are available for movies, airlines, buses, hotels, and other activities.
Discounts are available for multi copy purchases and site licenses.
Discounts are available for multi-banner campaigns.
Discounts are available for multi-child enrollment.
Discounts are available for multi-copy purchases.
Discounts are available for multi-lesson purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple accounts.
Discounts are available for multiple ad purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple and agency licenses.
Discounts are available for multiple and block bookings.
Discounts are available for multiple attendees from the same company in the same class session.
Discounts are available for multiple banners and banners paid for annually.
Discounts are available for multiple bookings in one area.
Discounts are available for multiple bookings.
Discounts are available for multiple car purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple category advertising.
Discounts are available for multiple CD ROM purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple children or multiple programs.
Discounts are available for multiple clinic groups, and terms are also available.
Discounts are available for multiple conferences.
Discounts are available for multiple connection purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple copies and educational institutions.
Discounts are available for multiple copies.
Discounts are available for multiple copy purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple copy subscriptions.
Discounts are available for multiple dates booked.
Discounts are available for multiple day or multiple Quadrant rentals.
Discounts are available for multiple dives.
Discounts are available for Multiple Domain name applications.
Discounts are available for multiple domains.
Discounts are available for multiple enrollments and for early enrollments.
Discounts are available for multiple franchising.
Discounts are available for multiple insertions.
Discounts are available for multiple issue sponsorships.
Discounts are available for multiple licenses .
Discounts are available for multiple licenses and public institutions.
Discounts are available for multiple licenses or users.
Discounts are available for multiple lisitings.
Discounts are available for multiple machine licenses.
Discounts are available for multiple month sponsorships.
Discounts are available for multiple or combined procedures.
Discounts are available for multiple order quantities.
Discounts are available for multiple orders.
Discounts are available for multiple pages.
Discounts are available for multiple participants from the same church.
Discounts are available for multiple performances.
Discounts are available for multiple persons from one organization.
Discounts are available for multiple persons from the same organization.
Discounts are available for multiple photographs.
Discounts are available for multiple plaques with identical layouts.
Discounts are available for multiple presentations at one site in a given morning or afternoon.
Discounts are available for multiple prints.
Discounts are available for multiple product purchase.
Discounts are available for multiple purchases of the same design.
Discounts are available for multiple purchases or when combined with courses.
Discounts are available for multiple purchases, booksellers and students.
Discounts are available for multiple purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple registrants from a single district or charter school.
Discounts are available for multiple registrants from the same company.
Discounts are available for multiple registrations to the same seminar from one organization.
Discounts are available for multiple registrations.
Discounts are available for multiple services, block-booking and underserved organizations.
Discounts are available for multiple sessions.
Discounts are available for multiple sibling or multiple class registrations.
Discounts are available for multiple simultaneous user access.
Discounts are available for multiple sites.
Discounts are available for multiple students attending from one school.
Discounts are available for multiple students attending the same course from the same organization.
Discounts are available for multiple students or multiple classes.
Discounts are available for multiple subscriptions or copies.
Discounts are available for multiple subscriptions.
Discounts are available for multiple systems purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple title purchases.
Discounts are available for multiple users and site licensing.
Discounts are available for multiple workshops.
Discounts are available for multiple year commitments and for multiple subscriptions.
Discounts are available for multiple-copy orders.
Discounts are available for multiple-seats and site licences.
Discounts are available for multiple-subscription orders.
Discounts are available for multiple-user and site licences.
Discounts are available for multi-site requirements.
Discounts are available for multi-year back orders.
Discounts are available for multi-year contracts.
Discounts are available for multi-year registrations.
Discounts are available for multi-year subscriptions.
Discounts are available for mutliple tape orders.
Discounts are available for needy or uninsured patients in order to receive prompt payment.
Discounts are available for network and extended contract purchases.
Discounts are available for non-golfers.
Discounts are available for non-profit and charitable organizations.
Discounts are available for non-profit and educational institutions.
Discounts are available for non-profit Christian organizations and missionaries.
Discounts are available for non-profit groups and for bulk orders.
Discounts are available for non-profit groups.
Discounts are available for nonprofit organizations from member jurisdictions.
Discounts are available for non-profit organizations, repeat customers, and advance reservations.
Discounts are available for non-profit organizations.
Discounts are available for non-profit service organizations.
Discounts are available for non-profits working toward a peaceful and sustainable world.
Discounts are available for occasions when more than one person is joining from the same firm.
Discounts are available for OEMs and quantities.
Discounts are available for on-site purchases.
Discounts are available for order of multiple copies and on renewal orders.
Discounts are available for orders of five and more copies.
Discounts are available for orders of five or more copies.
Discounts are available for orders of five or more publications.
Discounts are available for orders of increased quantities.
Discounts are available for orders of large quantities.
Discounts are available for orders of multiple back copies.
Discounts are available for orders of multiple copies.
Discounts are available for orders of multiple licenses.
Discounts are available for orders of ten or more.
Discounts are available for orders of two or more copies.
Discounts are available for orders of two or more, as indicated below.
Discounts are available for organizations wishing to send three or more individuals for training.
Discounts are available for packages and long term contracts.
Discounts are available for partial villa rentals.
Discounts are available for partners, couples, college students, and additional enrollments.
Discounts are available for pastors and families with more than one student enrolled.
Discounts are available for Pastors from supporting Churches.
Discounts are available for patrons who purchase tickets for all three shows in the series.
Discounts are available for payment in full on delivery.
Discounts are available for payment in full upon project commencement.
Discounts are available for people staying in local accomodation.
Discounts are available for persons registering for all six seminars.
Discounts are available for persons who set up regular monthly appointments.
Discounts are available for pilot projects, large batches or certain sample types.
Discounts are available for prepaying, as noted below and in the account descriptions.
Discounts are available for prepayment and multimarket insertions.
Discounts are available for pre-payment.
Discounts are available for prepayment.
Discounts are available for previous autoBOOK purchasers and Reporter subscribers.
Discounts are available for purchase of multiple copies.
Discounts are available for purchase of three or more single issues.
Discounts are available for purchases of larger quantities.
Discounts are available for purchases of two or more licenses.
Discounts are available for quantities.
Discounts are available for quantity and institutional orders.
Discounts are available for quantity order.
Discounts are available for quantity orders purchased for classroom use.
Discounts are available for quantity orders.
Discounts are available for quantity purchases and credit card or advance payment.
Discounts are available for quantity purchases and education and government customers.
Discounts are available for quantity purchases by guilds, individuals and shops.
Discounts are available for quantity purchases when buying batches of five or ten festival tickets.
Discounts are available for quantity purchases.
Discounts are available for quantity, church orders, staff and staff alumni on most resources.
Discounts are available for quantity.
Discounts are available for repeat customers.
Discounts are available for resellers and OEMs.
Discounts are available for reservations made six weeks in advance.
Discounts are available for reservations of longer duration.
Discounts are available for residents of Wisconsin.
Discounts are available for retail, entertainment, fitness, banking and several other opportunities.
Discounts are available for retailers.
Discounts are available for round trip ticket purchase.
Discounts are available for round-trip passengers, children, disabled persons and groups.
Discounts are available for running multiple ads.
Discounts are available for school districts or state education departments.
Discounts are available for school faculty and senior citizens.
Discounts are available for school groups.
Discounts are available for schools and youth groups.
Discounts are available for schools, libraries, and bookstores.
Discounts are available for schools.
Discounts are available for selected performances.
Discounts are available for senior citizens and group registrations.
Discounts are available for senior citizens and students.
Discounts are available for senior citizens, students and children.
Discounts are available for senior citizens.
Discounts are available for seniors and individuals with disabilities.
Discounts are available for seniors and military.
Discounts are available for seniors and students.
Discounts are available for seniors and the disabled.
Discounts are available for seniors, children and Big Island residents.
Discounts are available for Seniors, children, students, and groups .
Discounts are available for seniors, military and students.
Discounts are available for seniors, students and groups.
Discounts are available for seniors, students and military.
Discounts are available for seniors, students, children or groups.
Discounts are available for seniors, students, military, and handicapped.
Discounts are available for series.
Discounts are available for sessions pre-paid one month in advance.
Discounts are available for several health benefits for a small fee.
Discounts are available for shareholders and advance bulk orders.
Discounts are available for siblings.
Discounts are available for six month and one year prepayment.
Discounts are available for six or more copies.
Discounts are available for smaller group sizes.
Discounts are available for societies purchasing in quantities.
Discounts are available for some age groups, young and old, as well as, students.
Discounts are available for some shoppers and be sure to watch for seasonal sales.
Discounts are available for some types of coverage.
Discounts are available for sponsoring groups.
Discounts are available for sponsoring more than one issue.
Discounts are available for sponsors who wish to place banners on multiple pages.
Discounts are available for sponsorship for a whole year or more.
Discounts are available for sponsorships of multiple elements.
Discounts are available for state agencies.
Discounts are available for stays of five days or longer.
Discounts are available for stays of four weeks or more.
Discounts are available for students and educational institutions.
Discounts are available for students and groups of ten or more.
Discounts are available for students and groups.
Discounts are available for students and military.
Discounts are available for students and senior citizens.
Discounts are available for students and seniors.
Discounts are available for students, seniors and groups.
Discounts are available for students, seniors and large groups.
Discounts are available for students, seniors, and groups upon request.
Discounts are available for students, seniors, and groups.
Discounts are available for students, seniors, children and groups.
Discounts are available for students, seniors, military and foster parents.
Discounts are available for students, seniors, military personnel, and handicapped persons.
Discounts are available for students, seniors, military, and disabled.
Discounts are available for students, teachers and senior citizens.
Discounts are available for students.
Discounts are available for subscriptions to more than one of their newsletters.
Discounts are available for subscriptions to more than one of their regional newsletters.
Discounts are available for systems, consortia, districts, and associations.
Discounts are available for taking multiple classes.
Discounts are available for teachers in Christian schools.
Discounts are available for teams of three or more.
Discounts are available for teams registering eight or more players.
Discounts are available for term accounts of six months and one year.
Discounts are available for TES members, universities and bookstores.
Discounts are available for tests ordered in quantity by voucher only.
Discounts are available for tests ordered in quantity, by voucher only.
Discounts are available for the courses when purchased as a full series.
Discounts are available for the purchase of new software, hardware, books and accessories.
Discounts are available for three or more people from the same agency.
Discounts are available for three or more students from the same organization.
Discounts are available for tour groups.
Discounts are available for trade-ins on older obsolete equipment.
Discounts are available for two or more people.
Discounts are available for two or three year memberships.
Discounts are available for two week bookings.
Discounts are available for users who wish to purchase multi year leases.
Discounts are available for vendors, libraries, and educational institutions.
Discounts are available for volume bookings.
Discounts are available for volume orders, and for network and cluster licenses.
Discounts are available for volume orders.
Discounts are available for volume purchases of each product.
Discounts are available for volume purchases.
Discounts are available for volume testing.
Discounts are available for volume users.
Discounts are available for volume, educational and government purchases.
Discounts are available for weekda y visits and Off-Season weekends.
Discounts are available for weekdays, residents, and seniors.
Discounts are available for weekly tickets and early bookings.
Discounts are available for yearly prepayments, please ask .
Discounts are available for young children, and are decided upon according to the child's age.
Discounts are available for youth and student tickets.
Discounts are available for youth groups.
Discounts are available for youth, elderly and disabled.
Discounts are available from all vendors except Sigma.
Discounts are available from certain insurers for certain makes or models.
Discounts are available from stocking distributors .
Discounts are available if a package is ordered for one year.
Discounts are available if more than one child per family participates.
Discounts are available if more than one program is scheduled in a school on a given day.
Discounts are available if more than one selection is made.
Discounts are available if one entity is subscribing on behalf of multiple facility sites.
Discounts are available if registering for two or more workshops.
Discounts are available if the ad is run twice or three or more times.
Discounts are available in a multiple web site arrangment.
Discounts are available in advance as well as two day, group, and season passes.
Discounts are available in areas where there are no factory reps.
Discounts are available in off-peak seasons and during special promotional periods.
Discounts are available in quantities.
Discounts are available in the clinic for all pensioners and disadvantaged .
Discounts are available off-season.
Discounts are available on a larger number of copies.
Discounts are available on a sliding scale, starting from the purchase of three accounts.
Discounts are available on a variety of produts.
Discounts are available on a wide range of books.
Discounts are available on a wide variety of bar code equipment and software packages.
Discounts are available on advance bookings.
Discounts are available on all business orders.
Discounts are available on all our plans.
Discounts are available on all products for large quantities, bulk orders and standing orders.
Discounts are available on all products for large quantities, bulk orders, and standing orders.
Discounts are available on block bookings.
Discounts are available on bulk orders by piano dealers, technicians, and teachers.
Discounts are available on bulk orders.
Discounts are available on car rentals, hotels, and many major theme parks.
Discounts are available on certain items purchased in bulk lots.
Discounts are available on certain tickets bought inside Denmark.
Discounts are available on clubs, bags, shoes, apparel as well.
Discounts are available on combination tickets.
Discounts are available on complete constellations.
Discounts are available on extended stays.
Discounts are available on extra copies.
Discounts are available on fuel delivered to the farm.
Discounts are available on full cases or large orders of various items.
Discounts are available on group purchases.
Discounts are available on large orders.
Discounts are available on large quantities.
Discounts are available on larger orders.
Discounts are available on lift tickets, rental equipment, ski and snowboard lessons.
Discounts are available on mailing, shipping, mail generation, folding and inserting equipment.
Discounts are available on most items for quantity orders.
Discounts are available on multi-month advance subscriptions.
Discounts are available on multiple advertising in the same issue.
Discounts are available on multiple book orders.
Discounts are available on multiple cars.
Discounts are available on multiple copies of software.
Discounts are available on multiple orders.
Discounts are available on multiple purchases.
Discounts are available on multiple report purchases.
Discounts are available on orders over six items.
Discounts are available on pre-paid orders from subscription sevices.
Discounts are available on purchase of multiple categories.
Discounts are available on quantity orders.
Discounts are available on retail and standing orders.
Discounts are available on selected dates for groups, seniors, students and children under twelve.
Discounts are available on series of booked advertisements on request.
Discounts are available on some courses.
Discounts are available on the purchase of multiple user licenses .
Discounts are available on the six and twelve month packages.
Discounts are available on two nights or more.
Discounts are available on volume purchases.
Discounts are available on volume sales.
Discounts are available one week before and one week after the meeting dates.
Discounts are available only at the time of registration.
Discounts are available out of season and for stays of three days or more.
Discounts are available through consortia, or for libraries purchasing more than one product.
Discounts are available through season passes.
Discounts are available to academics and to students.
Discounts are available to accounts that are prepaid in advance.
Discounts are available to advertisers who contract for five consecutive issues.
Discounts are available to advertisers who run multiple times.
Discounts are available to all hosting clients.
Discounts are available to approved charitable organizations.
Discounts are available to athletic events .
Discounts are available to authorized educational institutions and teachers.
Discounts are available to bona fide non-profit organisations.
Discounts are available to booksellers on most items.
Discounts are available to business groups.
Discounts are available to churches ordering one of several group plans.
Discounts are available to citizens groups and schools.
Discounts are available to club members for some events requiring fees.
Discounts are available to companies in the art trade.
Discounts are available to customers with multiple sites.
Discounts are available to East West Bank customers only.
Discounts are available to employers sending three or more employees.
Discounts are available to families and groups.
Discounts are available to families with more than one child.
Discounts are available to first year members.
Discounts are available to governments with three or more registrants.
Discounts are available to groups.
Discounts are available to guests for several courses.
Discounts are available to health care professionals.
Discounts are available to homes with two or more dogs groomed together.
Discounts are available to independent service providers.
Discounts are available to low-income senior citizens.
Discounts are available to members on orders of four or more manuals.
Discounts are available to members who advertise on a regular schedule.
Discounts are available to members who wish to purchase additional licenses.
Discounts are available to newspapers in group ownership.
Discounts are available to nonprofit institutions and landscape professionals.
Discounts are available to non-profit institutions.
Discounts are available to organisations which subscribe to more than one copy of the same title.
Discounts are available to organizations with multiple enrollments.
Discounts are available to organizations.
Discounts are available to our business clients and pensioners.
Discounts are available to our customers who purchase our equipment in multiple units.
Discounts are available to parents enrolling more than one child.
Discounts are available to partners.
Discounts are available to qualified educational institutions.
Discounts are available to quantity purchasers.
Discounts are available to registered site members, and membership is free.
Discounts are available to regular advertisers once credit has been established.
Discounts are available to retailers and distributors at wholesale prices.
Discounts are available to retailers only.
Discounts are available to schools that pay several weeks in advance.
Discounts are available to schools, churches, and business groups.
Discounts are available to seminar participants.
Discounts are available to seniors and students.
Discounts are available to seniors upon request.
Discounts are available to spouses and children.
Discounts are available to students also.
Discounts are available to students and educators.
Discounts are available to students and institutional customers.
Discounts are available to students and teachers.
Discounts are available to students and to high-volume buyers.
Discounts are available to students who choose to attend some or all of the session.
Discounts are available to students who register for all three.
Discounts are available to students, groups, and seniors.
Discounts are available to subscribers and groups.
Discounts are available to subscribers.
Discounts are available to symposia attendees.
Discounts are available to teams with three or more members.
Discounts are available to the members of certain bar associations and alumni groups.
Discounts are available to volume users.
Discounts are available to wholesalers, retailers, and bulk purchasers.
Discounts are available under some circumstances.
Discounts are available when booking both video and photography.
Discounts are available when both systems are ordered together.
Discounts are available when multiple add-on modules are purchased together.
Discounts are available when multiple articles are ordered.
Discounts are available when multiple copies of individual photos are ordered.
Discounts are available when multiple developers from the same company are enrolled.
Discounts are available when multiple positions are purchased.
Discounts are available when ordering at least five sets of any one District.
Discounts are available when ordering bulk quantities of the package.
Discounts are available when ordering large quantities.
Discounts are available when ordering multiple copies of the same product at the same time.
Discounts are available when ordering multiple copies.
Discounts are available when ordering multiple sets of CDs.
Discounts are available when paying for multiple years.
Discounts are available when programs are purchased together.
Discounts are available when purchasing multiple licenses.
Discounts are available when purchasing multiple reports.
Discounts are available when registering for three or more LIVE lectures in Buffalo.
Discounts are available when tickets for more than one show are purchased.
Discounts are available when two or more of the three product lines are purchased.
Discounts are available where the annual mileage selected is lower.
Discounts are available with certain types of policies.
Discounts are available with early registration and multiple classes.
Discounts are available with increased down payment.
Discounts are available with larger down payments.
Discounts are available with multiple registrations.
Discounts are available with multiple ticket purchases.
Discounts are available with multiple weeks.
Discounts are available with quantity purchases.
Discounts are available.
Discounts are availble for other institutions or businesses wanting to make bulk orders.
Discounts are availible for bulk orders.
Discounts are cumulative.
Discounts are decrease.
Discounts are dependant on applicants' poverty level and location.
Discounts are different in every state.
Discounts are eligible as an external contribution.
Discounts are essential to an urban library.
Discounts are exclusive of any taxes, surcharges, or fees.
Discounts are exclusive of shipping charges, however.
Discounts are for CDs only.
Discounts are for corporations only and apply to multiple copies of a single title.
Discounts are for one year subscriptions.
Discounts are frequently available, however.
Discounts are frequently available.
Discounts are from the lower price shown above.
Discounts are generally available for large orders.
Discounts are give for family membership.
Discounts are good at select theaters.
Discounts are good on any available fare.
Discounts are good on new subscriptions as well as renewals.
Discounts are good only at participating locations.
Discounts are good only at the winery.
Discounts are high.
Discounts are immediately available - there are no waiting periods.
Discounts are instant at the time of purchase.
Discounts are limited to physician's normal professional fees.
Discounts are much higher for larger quantities.
Discounts are negotiable on monthly stays.
Discounts are negotiable.
Discounts are normally available for children under twelve.
Discounts are normally available on all routes and all sailing times.
Discounts are now good at all times.
Discounts are occasionally available for cards ordered well before their season.
Discounts are off a provider's usual and customary charges.
Discounts are off our market value.
Discounts are off rack rates.
Discounts are off the cover price.
Discounts are offered for enrollment is all six weeks of courses.
Discounts are offered for museum members and pre-registration is required.
Discounts are often available depending upon group size, or age of guests.
Discounts are often available for age groups, young and old, as well as, for students.
Discounts are often available for government, military or corporate employees.
Discounts are often available for large groups traveling together.
Discounts are often available for multiple sessions.
Discounts are often available for payment in advance.
Discounts are often available for students and educational users.
Discounts are often available on-line at the address listed below.
Discounts are often available to our senior citizens.
Discounts are often available when booking early.
Discounts are often available.
Discounts are often unadvertised because the company or store wants to cater to a younger crowd.
Discounts are on local, non-commissionable, original rates only.
Discounts are on the same title.
Discounts are one of the most immediate issues that arise in a compliance program.
Discounts are only a minor part of the cooperative way.
Discounts are only available directly from the participating companies.
Discounts are only available for multi-day registrants.
Discounts are only available when all classes are paid in full.
Discounts are only available when tea is ordered by the pound.
Discounts are possible for large quantity orders.
Discounts are possible in special cases.
Discounts are scalable and based upon family size and income.
Discounts are solely for the card holder.
Discounts are sometimes available as a passholder.
Discounts are sometimes available if payment is received with the sample.
Discounts are sometimes available when staying a few days.
Discounts are subject to availability, based on double occupancy.
Discounts are subject to availability.
Discounts are subject to change at the discretion of the individual property.
Discounts are subject to change without notice.
Discounts are subject to change.
Discounts are subject to eligibility.
Discounts are subject to program room availability.
Discounts are subject to the availability of prints requested.
Discounts are subject to the payment of invoices in accordance with the terms shown thereon.
Discounts are unethical.
Discounts are usually available during the early spring and late fall.
Discounts are usually available for members.
Discounts are usually available through state and local homeschool organizations.
Discounts are usually possible, just ask.
Discounts are valid only for the specific dates listed .
Discounts are valid only when an original copy of the voucher is submitted at time of ticketing.
Discounts become available three working days prior to start of the selected course.
Discounts begin with orders of five or more textbooks.
Discounts benefit the investor on a yield basis, and possibly on the capital gain side.
Discounts can apply either to individual schools, or can be averaged for the school division.
Discounts can be contagious and good for competition.
Discounts can be for existing services, as well as new services.
Discounts can be setup by percentage, flat amount or variable dollar amount.
Discounts can be substantial on large orders.
Discounts can include anticipation, regular discount, or both.
Discounts can include urgent or special delivery by professional courier.
Discounts can vary from pharmacy to pharmacy.
Discounts Check out the following stores for valuable coupons.
Discounts converse all star.
Discounts decide Valley during length of one baby gift set how calculate within no possibility.
Discounts depend on destinations, dates, and times.
Discounts depend on several variables.
Discounts depend on the route and travel dates.
Discounts depend on the wine shop source and the state to which wine is shipped.
Discounts depend upon number of concurrent users.
Discounts do apply for teams, leagues, schools and clubs.
Discounts do apply.
Discounts do exist for multiple issue pre-payments.
Discounts enhance yield.
Discounts exclude tax, gratuity and alcoholic beverages.
Discounts exist for high volume users.
Discounts exist for teams bringing buzzer systems, and volunteer staff.
Discounts exists when spots are purchased in larger quantities.
Discounts Getting the best price for the best quality is important when shopping over the Internet.
Discounts laugh Part off several selves behind that persons.
Discounts lift around the country though relieve wooden tennis racket.
Discounts listed are percentage reductions from the publisher s list price at the time of order.
Discounts only apply to certain service levels and all details are correct at time of publication.
Discounts only apply to monthly and twice a month levels.
Discounts only apply to pre-registrations.
Discounts promote spaying and neutering.
Discounts raise the issue of the physician's customary charges for a procedure.
Discounts range from twenty to ninety percent based on relative wealth and location.
Discounts recognize during that district as refuse la sportiva.
Discounts Reduced fees are available for undergraduate students providing evidence of their status.
Discounts relate to the total amount of coffee purchased at one time in any combination.
Discounts remember Buyers by root within several wing shooting school that stir from a frost.
Discounts repeat indefinitely on all repeat purchases .
Discounts require proof of eligibility.
Discounts run from regular telephone service to data communications lines.
Discounts run higher on closeouts.
Discounts Save big in Birmingham with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Cape Cod with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Cayman Islands with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Charleston with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Dover with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Hartford with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Hot Springs with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Island of Hawaii with discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Kansas City with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Las Vegas with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Monterey with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Myrtle Beach with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Nantucket with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Nashville with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Newport with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Orlando with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Pittsburgh with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts Save big in Springfield with coupons and discounts offered by area businesses.
Discounts See what our current specials are.
Discounts start at two passengers.
Discounts start from just three copies.
Discounts start with the purchase of three or more books.
Discounts start with three copies.
Discounts tend to decline with the size of the company's revenue base.
Discounts There are a wide variety of discounts available on home and vehicle policies.
Discounts Use our prepayment system - pay more and get larger discount.
Discounts vary according to consumption and payment method and include our dual fuel discount.
Discounts vary according to location, date, and length of stay.
Discounts vary according to supply, the price of semiconductors, the age of the model, etc.
Discounts vary according to volume ordered.
Discounts vary agent to agent.
Discounts vary and are offered for all off-season weekends and midweek all year.
Discounts vary based on the size of the vehicle and the length of the rental.
Discounts vary based upon each individual member's current processing program.
Discounts vary by location.
Discounts vary by product line and of course, our purchase cost.
Discounts vary by route.
Discounts vary by season.
Discounts vary by show.
Discounts vary by state and in some states there are no special tariffs to provide discounts.
Discounts vary by state and province.
Discounts vary by state.
Discounts vary by vendor.
Discounts vary contingent upon services.
Discounts vary depending on departure cities and times.
Discounts vary depending on departure times and cities.
Discounts vary depending on items.
Discounts vary depending on the hotel s location.
Discounts vary depending on the number and type of institutions participating.
Discounts vary depending on the quantity of advertising run in calendar year.
Discounts vary depending upon computer model.
Discounts vary for each course.
Discounts vary for each group.
Discounts vary for each tier.
Discounts vary from business to business.
Discounts vary from company to company and from state to state.
Discounts vary from item to item.
Discounts vary from show to show.
Discounts vary from state to state.
Discounts vary from year to year.
Discounts vary so browse around.
Discounts vary upon availibity.
Discounts vary widely between different manufacturers and models.
Discounts vary with ammunition type and quantities.
Discounts vary with group size.
Discounts vary with product.
Discounts vary, depending on the season and demand, but are usually substantial.
Discounts always apply to volume purchases.
Discount often exceed annual dues.
Discounts often are available at certain dollar levels.
Discounts often are available for large quantities.
All discount offers subject to change without notice.
All Discounts Already Apply.
All discounts apply only to basic rates.
All discounts apply only to the full tuition cost.
All discounts apply to advertising run with an agreed upon advertiser s contract period.
All discounts apply to individual advertisers only.
All discounts apply to list prices shown above.
All discounts apply to tapes billed on a single invoice shipped to a single location.
All discounts apply to the child with the lesser tuition.
All discounts apply to web site orders only.
All discounts apply.
All discounts are additive.
All discounts are at the individual member's discretion.
All discounts are dependent upon publisher, type of book and quantity of order.
All discounts are for one year only.
All discounts are off of published rack rates and subject to availability.
All discounts are on a like for like module and user basis.
ALL discounts are on a 'per order' basis ie.
All discounts are ongoing unless otherwise stated by member company.
All discounts are per grade level and per subject.
All discounts are person, per card unless otherwise noted.
All discounts are subject to availability at the discretion of the hotel.
All discounts are subject to availability at the time of booking.
All discounts are subject to change.
All discounts are subject to eligibility.
All discounts are time bound and can be configured with a start and end date and time.
All discounts are valid every day for the life of the card.
All discounts are valid every day for the life of the keyring.
All discounts reflect standard pricing policies for the listed components.
All discounts wake beautifully, before few bed down lots foot bite.
Any discount womens golfclubs trying anxious yet severe, so month excite everybody.
Many discounts are available to senior citizens from motels, restaurants and shops.
Many discounts are on going.
Most discounts are available for use on both official and personal travel.
Some discounts also apply to personal travel.
Some discounts apply to international travelers.
Some discounts are also available for constant runs with no changes.
Some discounts are availability based.
Some discounts are available at lots near the campus.
Some discounts are available for seniors, students, children and groups.
Some discounts are available to dependents.
Some discounts are available.
Discounted accommodation is available to guests at our parties.
Discounted accommodations are available for our clinic participants.
Discounted airfares are also available on other airline carriers.
Discounted airfares are also available.
Discounted airfares are available from lots of major cities.
Discounted airfares are available on other airline carriers.
Discounted car hire from airports all around the world.
Discounted commissions mean much with spreads, a buy and a sell going in, likewise going out.
Discounted fees are available for non-profit organizations.
Discounted item is of equil or lesser value.
Discounted packages are available for multiple group, semi-private and private lessons.
Discounted packages are available.
Discounted parking is available across the street in the parking deck.
Discounted parking is available for eligible RNs and there is an on-site garage.
Discounted parking is available under the building.
Discounted parking is available, with validated parking tickets, at the following garages.
Discounted parking is available.
Discounted plans are available for seniors, companies, families, and students.
Discounted prices are available base on printing volume.
Discounted prices are available for additional seats.
Discounted prices are available for larger quantities.
Discounted prices are available if entire annual series are purhased.
Discounted prices are available on orders of five or more books.
Discounted rate includes group luncheons and continental breakfast.
Discounted rate is only available to students who initially enroll in two or more camp sessions.
Discounted rates are available at the resort for all the activities.
Discounted rates are available for children.
Discounted rates are available for daytime, weekend and late night hours.
Discounted rates are available for early registration.
Discounted rates are available for extended stays.
Discounted rates are available for full-time students only.
Discounted rates are available for group purchases.
Discounted rates are available for groups booking events on weekday evenings.
Discounted rates are available for groups booking through their Winchester office.
Discounted rates are available for groups of three or more staying a minimum of seven nights.
Discounted rates are available for groups of three or more.
Discounted rates are available for large school groups.
Discounted rates are available for longer rental periods.
Discounted rates are available for most cities.
Discounted rates are available for multiple accounts.
Discounted rates are available for multiple day registrations.
Discounted rates are available for multiple instructors from a single organization.
Discounted rates are available for multiple job services.
Discounted rates are available for multiple therapists.
Discounted rates are available for multiple week stays in the same property.
Discounted rates are available for non-profit organizations.
Discounted rates are available for orders of two or more books.
Discounted rates are available for parties of six and over, out of season.
Discounted rates are available for past campers, families and teams.
Discounted rates are available for quarterly and annual pre-payment.
Discounted rates are available for round-trip fares.
Discounted rates are available for such on-site assignments.
Discounted rates are available for term and volume agreements.
Discounted rates are available only to mailers who are in full compliance with regulations.
Discounted rates are available to non-profit organizations and groups.
Discounted rates are available to non-profit organizations.
Discounted rates are available to participants enrolling in two or more classes.
Discounted rates are available to pre-booked groups.
Discounted rates are available to qualified patients.
Discounted rates are available to seniors and persons on fixed income.
Discounted rates are available when both types of insurance are purchased for a single item.
Discounted rates are available when multiple representatives from an organization sign up.
Discounted rates are available with multiple job packages.
Discounted rates are available with our prepaid packages or by scheduling more frequent sessions.
Discounted rates are available with quantity purchases.
Discounted rates are available with the purchase of the entire program package.
Discounted rates are limited and provided on first come, first served basis.
Discounted rates are negotiable for large sets of data.
Discounted rates are non-commissionable.
Discounted rates are to be available for schools, libraries and health care facilities.
Discounted registration is limited to the first five submitted.
Discounted rentals are also available for non-conference business or leisure travel.
Discounted seats are limited.
Discounted sets are available.
Discounted space is limited.
Discounted tickets are available and listed below.
Discounted tickets are available at many locations.
Discounted tickets are available for children and seniors.
Discounted tickets are available for school groups.
Discounted tickets are available for students, senior citizens and groups.
Discounted tickets are available for students, senior citizens, and groups.
Discounted tickets are available for students.
Discounted tickets are available from our office.
Discounted tickets are available in advance of the show.
Discounted tickets are available on major airlines from most cities.
Discounted tickets are far more difficult to obtain when in Egypt, than from a Western country.
Discounted tickets are non-refundable.
Discounted tickets are often available for post-season games for MTSU students.
Discounted tickets are sometimes available.
Discounted tickets are usually limited to one or two per student depending on the presenter.
Discounted tickets can be valid for much shorter periods.
Discounted tickets subject to availability.
Discounted trips are available for beginners.
Discounted upgrades are available.
A discounter is an outlet
Discounters can really help save money in the summer as can charter flights.
Discounters have access to blocks of rooms that they can book at a discount rate.
Discounters hire homeschoolers to write reviews for their catalogs.
Discounters offer cheaper transaction fees on trades but no information or advice.
Discounters offer to do certain jobs on a limited basis for a set fee or commission.
Discounters use different methods to determine commission rates.
Discountings are human activities.
Discounts Bonds are collective investments issued by insurance companies.
Discouraged missionaries are more susceptible to sin.
Discouraged workers become part of the household sector.
Discouragement can be fatal.
Discouragement can be the root of ineffectiveness as an individual.
Discouragement can fall away when workers resolve major spiritual problems they have been carrying.
Discouragement causes mental, emotional, and spiritual confusion.
Discouragement comes and goes and comes back again.
Discouragement diminishes their sense of worth, defeats their hopes and erodes their courage.
Discouragement happens to everyone.
Discouragement has many roots.
Discouragement is a bad habit, a block to clear intelligence and discernment.
Discouragement is a certain waystation on the road to any worthwhile achievement.
Discouragement is a favorite device of the devil.
Discouragement is a natural part of life.
Discouragement is a reality to the apologist.
Discouragement is a thief.
Discouragement is a universal problem.
Discouragement is accompanied by fear and doubt.
Discouragement is an attitude and attitudes are always a choice.
Discouragement is an enemy, an obstacle.
Discouragement is born from within with no good reason.
Discouragement is bound to happen.
Discouragement is contagious.
Discouragement is despair.
Discouragement is deterrence
Discouragement is deterrence.
Discouragement is disapproval.
Discouragement is much like fear in many ways.
Discouragement is no respector of persons.
Discouragement is one of mankind's worst ills.
Discouragement is one of the devil's most effective weapons.
Discouragement is our foe, fear of falling our enemy.
Discouragement is the distraction.
Discouragement is the opposite of faith.
Discouragement is very slippery and slides it's way into our energy and moods.
Discouragement means to lose heart.
Discouragement never enters the brave heart of a resolute man.
Discouragement reveals our courage.
Discouragement runs high.
Discouragement steals our strength .
Discouragement often encourages grumbling.
Discourse analysis examines linguistic structures that exist beyond the sentence level.
Discourse analysis involves the identification of such relationships between sentences and segments.
Discourse analysis is one form of structuralism - it observes patterns of discourse.
Discourse analysis is related to text linguistics.
Discourse analysis is rich and expansive rather than formalized and reductive.
Discourse analysis is second language research.
Discourse analysis is the linguistic analysis of written or oral texts.
Discourse analysis is the study of entire conversations or texts.
Discourse analysis is the study of message structure in communication.
Discourse analysis obliges the investigator to engage and reengage with discourse.
Discourse analysis provides information on social reinforcers and contingency schedules.
Discourse analysis refers to the transcription, coding and analysis of interactions.
Discourse analysts study larger chunks of language as they flow together.
Discourse change involves changes both inside and outside of parliament.
Discourse communities can exist without the canon.
Discourse communities have characteristic epistemic, rhetorical, and social dimensions.
Discourse communities share interpretive, analytic, and argumentative conventions.
Discourse ethics are procedural rules for the public sphere.
Discourse ethics is a thoroughly anthropocentric moral theory.
All discourse forms are products of language use, of distinctive language and thought processes.
Discourse markers signal markedness of continuations .
Discourse participants can circumvent many misunderstandings by planning their actions carefully.
Discourse structure is how an utterance longer than a sentence is put together.
Discourse approaches to the assessment of oral proficiency.
Discourse can have discourse in it.
Discourse carries a variety of article ranging from light reading to very serious issues.
Discourse depends on the rules that discourse produces.
Discourse fails because it declares itself to be beyond discourse.
Discourse helps manage independent and small-group work.
Discourse invites discussion about both social and physical aspects regarding death and dying.
Discourse is a part
Discourse is adaptable to any teaching style.
Discourse is also different because it is part of the debate on nationalism and independence.
Discourse is central to the life of the university.
Discourse is characterized by simple sentences or phrases.
Discourse is cohesive.
Discourse is dead.
Discourse is demonic, possessive, dispossessing.
Discourse is effective for interaction with the whole class.
Discourse is insufficient.
Discourse is often in heavily accented English.
Discourse is often incohesive.
Discourse is part of our old brain, of the way it has developed to understand language.
Discourse is rich in anaphora, with coreferring anaphors being only part of the story.
Discourse is spoken or written language used in particular social situations.
Discourse is white male-based.
Discourse isa part.
Discourse isa portion.
Discourse needs to replace the monologues which have often constituted lectures.
Discourse produces arguments and it is in argumentation that claims are examined and challenged.
Discourse relies on words and notions.
Discourse remains in certain fundamental relations.
Discourse requires empathy and seeing things from points of view foreign to our own.
Discourses are everywhere.
Discourses are more than ways of thinking and producing meaning.
Discourses are 'practices that systematically form the objects of which they speak. . .
Discourses are visible textual manifestations of ideology .
Discourses is a collaborative educational network for developing information systems.
Discourses rooted in Hellenistic thought have no place in what is the breathed word.
Discourses typically arise in response to problems.
Discourses often represent the ideologies of the powerful against the powerless and the repressed.
All discourse is an intertextual weave, new expression encorporating prior expression.
All discourse is circuitous and constructed around the concept of abyttyal.
All discourse is dependent on thought and language working together.
All discourse is intentional and premeditated.
All discourses have formal and informal rules as to what is considered a part of that discourse.
Discover magazines have articles.
A discoverer is an observer
Discoverer is also now available as a web-based application.
Discoverer is great for introducing elementary and middle school children to the research process.
Discoverers are creators.
Discoverers are explorers.
Discoverers are people.
Discoverers are workers.
Discoverers explore exciting locations throughout the Bay Area.
Discoverers have many different motives, goals, and approaches.
Discoverers Link to a wide variety of information on voyages of discovery and exploration.
Some discoverers just notice a strange rock and are persistent in their identification attempts.
Discovery Basin is an old time family style ski area.
Discovery Bay is a good place for a float tube or pontoon boat.
Discovery Bay is the location of the predominant stock.
Discovery Bay is the site of a fringing reef complex with shallow and deep forereef components.
Discovery channel has great sites.
Discovery Island features a brightly colored whimsical exterior.
Discovery Island is near the center of the park, in the middle of the Discovery River waterway.
Discovery learning has various definitions.
Discovery learning is like play.
Discovery learning is most noticeable in problem solving situations.
Discovery learning promotes the use of discovery or inquiry-based methods in teaching and learning.
Discovery of fire is observed.
Discovery Park is a fun place to go explore the past, present and future of the desert southwest.
Discovery Park is an asset loved and used by people from all over the city.
Discovery Park is home to eagles, herons, falcons, foxes and beavers.
Discovery programs operate during school holidays.
Discovery space has it's own small menagerie of animals for children to experience up close.
Discovery space is roughly evenly divided between spectroscopy and imaging.
Discovery stations relate animal life cycles to the physical stresses of the tide pool environment.
Discovery tours are available during school holidays and on request.
Discovery tours have limited numbers, to ensure a great experience for everyone.
Discovery Zone is the ultimate indoor playground.
A discovery is an act
Discoveries are acts.
Discoveries are an opportunity for extra credit.
Discoveries are disclosures.
Discoveries are expensive and cost an amount of money.
Discoveries are insight.
Discoveries are made by oak ridge national laboratory scientists.
Discoveries are made by questioning answers.
Discoveries are made by scientists.
Discoveries are ships.
Discoveries are to be made.
Discoveries can become inventions.
Discoveries can come from research funded in a variety of areas.
Discoveries change concepts.
Discoveries change knowledge.
Discoveries change life.
Discoveries continue at a rapid pace.
Discoveries continue to be made all the time.
Discoveries continue to be made within the most heavily researched schools.
Discoveries depend on knowledge.
Discoveries enable performance.
Discoveries explain observations.
Discoveries explain several observations.
Discoveries follow demonstrations.
Discoveries help researchers.
Discoveries help scientists.
Discoveries here allow Ontario and Canada to compete aggressively in the global marketplace.
Discoveries highly suggest that mental capacity can be greatly increased by mental exercise.
Discoveries improve quality.
Discoveries is heavily oriented toward graphics.
Discoveries is particularly beneficial in reaching minority students and their families.
Discoveries is very, very big on sound, most of it signifying nothing.
Discoveries lead researchers.
Discoveries lead to acceptance.
Discoveries lead to awareness.
Discoveries lead to big bang theories.
Discoveries lead to consumption.
Discoveries lead to creations.
Discoveries lead to discoveries.
Discoveries lead to insight.
Discoveries lead to interest.
Discoveries lead to inventions.
Discoveries lead to knowledge.
Discoveries lead to theories.
Discoveries made by intuition are a mystery to others and half understood by the discoverer.
Discoveries made here pave the way toward new treatments for many childhood illnesses.
Discoveries make pathways.
Discoveries may have effects.
Discoveries occur every day, many with the potential to rearrange our conception of the universe.
Discoveries offer evidence.
Discoveries provide answers.
Discoveries provide excite new insight.
Discoveries provide insight.
Discoveries provide new insight.
Discoveries provide opportunities.
Discoveries provide opportunity.
Discoveries puts it all together in a collector-oriented package that is second to none.
Discoveries relate to behavior.
Discoveries result in actions.
Discoveries result in conservation actions.
Discoveries show features.
Discoveries support conclusions.
Discoveries support suggestions.
Discoveries support theories.
Discoveries taint one character after another.
Discoveries take places.
Discoveries threaten prestige.
Discoveries use methods.
Discovery becomes disclosure.
Discovery becomes more difficult, but there is still evidence of history on the land.
Discovery becomes the strategy in an attempt to buffalo the other side.
Discovery begets more discovery, and science marches on.
Discovery begins as protoscience.
Discovery begins with awareness of an anomaly.
Discovery begins within the context of prevailing scientific beliefs.
Discovery bolsters a hope for regeneration.
Discovery can also cover that last one, obviously.
Discovery can also run unattended or be scheduled for continuous or periodic updates.
Discovery can be a simple, speedy process or one consuming a great deal of time, energy and money.
Discovery can be about being human, or about anything unique and interesting in the entire universe.
Discovery can be expensive, time consuming, and difficult to control.
Discovery can be formal or informal.
Discovery can be overwhelming.
Discovery can take a number of different forms.
Discovery climbs through the evening sky.
Discovery comes from going beyond the leading edge.
Discovery comes from looking at the world in new ways and with new tools.
Discovery consists in looking at the same things as everyone else and thinking something different.
Discovery consists in seeing what everyone else has seen and thinking what no one else has thought.
Discovery consists of a collection of probes.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different.
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
Discovery consists of seeing what everyone has seen and thinking what no one has thought.
Discovery consists of seeing what everyone has seen and thinking what nobody has thought.
Discovery consists of seeing what everyone is seeing, and then thinking what no one has thought.
Discovery contains two new segments for the international space station.
Discovery continues to provide a well rounded youth program for all ages.
Discovery delivers integrated truss structure, other components, and crew begins truss construction.
Discovery delivers supplies.
Discovery enables clients and services to locate lookup services.
Discovery features all the amenities of a traditional cruise packed into one fun-filled day.
Discovery follows wandering and searching.
Discovery fuels the process.
Discovery increases the negative entropy of an person.
Discovery involves experimenting, doing things wrong, making mistakes.
Discovery is a bermudagrass that has an exceptional dark blue-green color.
Discovery is a boostrap protocol, a protocol that helps get started.
Discovery is a complex interactive and cognitive activity.
Discovery is a cumulative learning process.
Discovery is a fact-finding process.
Discovery is a family place too.
Discovery is a feeling, as well as a fact.
Discovery is a good example.
Discovery is a key component to the students' conceptual understanding of mathematics.
Discovery is a life long process.
Discovery is a matter of legislative grace.
Discovery is a part of the civil litigation process.
Discovery is a process for each side to find out more about the issues in dispute.
Discovery is a process that requires integration into the national and international arenas.
Discovery is a program for students selected by teachers for excellent performance in certain areas.
Discovery is a publication for youth.
Discovery is a regular feature.
Discovery is a shout against the dark.
Discovery is a threaded system allowing pools to pollers.
Discovery is a tool of oppression and unjust enrichment.
Discovery is a tricky thing.
Discovery is a useful stop when looking for all types of health information.
Discovery is a visual data analysis program.
Discovery is about friendship.
Discovery is about getting away for a while.
Discovery is afoot.
Discovery is also due to get the glass cockpit as well as other modernizations and inspections.
Discovery is also useful in committing the other side to a set of facts.
Discovery is another bone of contention.
Discovery is another form of freedom.
Discovery is as ever the magical recipe for success.
Discovery is as much a productive activity as creation.
Discovery is at the foundation of the fact finding and truth seeking process.
Discovery is attributed to the first researcher to report on a critical result.
Discovery is available, as is a jury if no agreement is reached.
Discovery is both a product and a service.
Discovery is commonplace.
Discovery is conducted by parties in private.
Discovery is conducted on an expedited basis.
Discovery is connection, extension, bridging.
Discovery is customer identification.
Discovery is eclectic and redundant.
Discovery is eclectic searching.
Discovery is evidence known by a client's attorney and the case's prosecutor.
Discovery is exciting, and it's O.K. to be a beginner.
Discovery is for each side to decide what they have and exchange info.
Discovery is fun.
Discovery is high on the agenda.
Discovery is important.
Discovery is in excellent condition with ample supplies for at least two more days in orbit.
Discovery is in great shape.
Discovery is in waves.
Discovery is in.
Discovery is indeed an evolutionary process.
Discovery is intimately related to the concept of notice pleading.
Discovery is itself subject to access control.
Discovery is joy.
Discovery is just one part of a product design process.
Discovery is key to learning as children utilize specifically developed materials.
Discovery is labor intensive.
Discovery is like a form of knowledge.
Discovery is limited by an inclusion list and an exclusion list.
Discovery is made in the brain.
Discovery is more limited in a small claims action than in a traditional lawsuit.
Discovery is much more than that.
Discovery is necessary, but it can be costly.
Discovery is now high enough that the roar of the engines has faded.
Discovery is now under way.
Discovery is of course a key word when photographing the natives.
Discovery is on the left.
Discovery is on the part of the individual answering the questions.
Discovery is one of the great joys for both the reader and the writer.
Discovery is ongoing, but there have been several reported decisions already in the case.
Discovery is ongoing.
Discovery is our business.
Discovery is over, ready for trial.
Discovery is part of any civil litigation process.
Discovery is primarily a brain function.
Discovery is reopened, keyed to the new trial date.
Discovery is riddled with abuse, delay and expense.
Discovery is scheduled to begin a thorough structural inspection and modification period.
Discovery is structured and unstructured.
Discovery is subject to special rules and timetables.
Discovery is the beginning.
Discovery is the discovery of the New Empire that is to be brought forth from the ashes of the old.
Discovery is the exploration of the unexpected.
Discovery is the gathering of information by attorneys before a court trial begins.
Discovery is the greatest part of the quest.
Discovery is the means by which each side obtains information from the other.
Discovery is the mechanism by which services make themselves known and are discovered.
Discovery is the name of the game.
Discovery is the pre-trial procedure by which one party gains information held by another party.
Discovery is the process of gathering information in preparation for trial.
Discovery is the stage of litigation in which each side gets to looks at the opponent's case.
Discovery is time consuming and expensive.
Discovery is to the lower right of the frame in each of the attached pictures.
Discovery is usually the most expensive part of a lawsuit.
Discovery is what OutGiving is about.
Discovery is what universities are all about.
Discovery isa event.
Discovery leads to answers.
Discovery leads to consumption.
Discovery learning however still requires guidance and demonstration.
Discovery lies at the heart of our enterprise.
Discovery listens to and reads literally thousands of pitches each year.
Discovery means to find out or to uncover new informarion.
Discovery never returns to Earth.
Discovery offers a very good woman's ski program with lessons tailored specifically for women.
Discovery offers treatment for men, women, and children of all ages.
Discovery paves the way for new synthesis of antibiotics.
Discovery permits the attorneys to prepare their cases and helps to ensure a fair trial.
Discovery processes in a more complex task.
Discovery provides completely new understanding and feeds the imagination.
Discovery provides product management, marketing, and business development for technology companies.
Discovery refers to the first evidence found.
Discovery refers to the identification of new knowledge, a unique approach, or a different paradigm.
Discovery refers to the service by which new resources and located on the network.
Discovery relies heavily on the victim's intuition and preparedness to handle the problem.
Discovery remains in excellent condition with no mechanical problems.
Discovery remains in excellent condition.
Discovery requires digging and a willingness to get dirty.
Discovery respects the privacy of our users.
Discovery revolutionizes how data flows through the Internet.
Discovery rewards the prepared mind.
Discovery seeks to ensure fairness in the adversary process.
Discovery seeks to package the key truths of the Christian faith together.
Discovery serves more than one purpose.
Discovery slowly backs away from Hubble after the release.
Discovery slowly backs away from the station.
Discovery starts by answering written questions and exchanging documents.
Discovery takes place at the edge of knowledge, an ambiguous place where no one has been before.
Discovery takes place in several different forms.
Discovery takes place throughout the composing process.
Discovery trods similar turf with different results.
Discovery welcomes new members.
Discovery works best for medium to large commercial and residential developments.
Discoveries often flow directly from new tools.
Discovery often happens best in a lively interchange within the classroom.
All discovery is complete and the case is ready for trial, and ii.
All discovery is dead.
Any discovery is evidence of something or another.
Any discovery is interesting.
Any discovery is more likely to be exploited by the wicked than applied by the virtuous.
Every discovery leads to more puzzlements.
Every discovery leads to the magical world of memories and imagination.
Every discovery made in the exploration of space changes the world.
Every discovery opens up more avenues to search.
Many discoveries are yet to be made.
Many discoveries come about as a result of curiosity.
Many discoveries made in life are beyond our control.
More discoveries follow.
More discoveries originate in the garage than in the university laboratory.
Most discoveries are made by oak ridge national laboratory scientists.
Most discoveries are made by scientists.
Most discoveries change concepts.
Most discoveries change knowledge.
Most discoveries change life.
Most discoveries depend on knowledge.
Most discoveries enable performance.
Most discoveries explain observations.
Most discoveries explain several observations.
Most discoveries follow demonstrations.
Most discoveries help researchers.
Most discoveries help scientists.
Most discoveries improve quality.
Most discoveries lead researchers.
Most discoveries lead to acceptance.
Most discoveries lead to awareness.
Most discoveries lead to big bang theories.
Most discoveries lead to consumption.
Most discoveries lead to creations.
Most discoveries lead to discoveries.
Most discoveries lead to insight.
Most discoveries lead to interest.
Most discoveries lead to inventions.
Most discoveries lead to knowledge.
Most discoveries lead to theories.
Most discoveries make pathways.
Most discoveries offer evidence.
Most discoveries provide answers.
Most discoveries provide excite new insight.
Most discoveries provide insight.
Most discoveries provide new insight.
Most discoveries provide opportunity.
Most discoveries relate to behavior.
Most discoveries result in actions.
Most discoveries result in conservation actions.
Most discoveries support conclusions.
Most discoveries support suggestions.
Most discoveries take places.
Most discoveries threaten prestige.
Most discoveries use methods.
Some discoveries become science.
Some discoveries change predictions.
Some discoveries have life.
Some discoveries help patients.
Some discoveries improve ability.
Some discoveries improve life.
Some discoveries improve performance.
Some discoveries lead authors.
Some discoveries lead scientists.
Some discoveries lead to biology.
Some discoveries lead to breakthroughs.
Some discoveries lead to classifications.
Some discoveries lead to development.
Some discoveries lead to establishments.
Some discoveries lead to hypotheses.
Some discoveries lead to important breakthroughs.
Some discoveries lead to important medical breakthroughs.
Some discoveries lead to medical breakthroughs.
Some discoveries lead to new technology.
Some discoveries lead to suggestions.
Some discoveries lead to technology.
Some discoveries lead to treatments.
Some discoveries lead workers.
Some discoveries provide evidence.
Some discoveries provide examples.
Some discoveries provide exceptions.
Some discoveries provide explanations.
Some discoveries provide reliable evidence.
Some discoveries reflect evolution.
Some discoveries reveal mysteries.
Some discoveries say in statements.
Discreet assistance handle so the rider can learn to ride and stop with a little help.
Discreet components are the only choice.
Discrepancy theory explains how learners determine that a change is required in their behaviour.
A discrepancy is a difference
Discrepancies also occur due to school-level recording errors.
Discrepancies also slow down the process.
Discrepancies appear between the various films.
Discrepancies appear to exist in total wave energy and wave direction.
Discrepancies are both rare and mild.
Discrepancies are common because traffic measurement techniques are still new.
Discrepancies are deviation.
Discrepancies are differences.
Discrepancies are evidence of packet loss and indicate link quality problems.
Discrepancies are indicators of an erroneously-operating neural network for reading.
Discrepancies are less for sites located further to the west.
Discrepancies are material and immaterial.
Discrepancies are minor as are job opportunities for surveyors and real estate lawyers.
Discrepancies are most probably due to the three-dimensional character of the experiment.
Discrepancies are the sole responsibility of the department to resolve.
Discrepancies are typically larger for the earthFLAT's.
Discrepancies are useful to liberal theologians.
Discrepancies arise during the retirement process concerning the accuracy of the leave time payment.
Discrepancies arise when the question of whose faith is strongest is brought up.
Discrepancies can and do appear when a physical inventory or stock count is taken.
Discrepancies can cause delays.
Discrepancies can cause problems.
Discrepancies can lead to proofs of the wrong version being made.
Discrepancies can lead to proofs of the wrong versions being made.
Discrepancies come from lack of time, training and knowledge, etc.
Discrepancies exist as to the length of time the nestlings spend in the nest.
Discrepancies exist between implementation applicability.
Discrepancies exist between integration plans and budgets and funding.
Discrepancies exist between the hard copy and the electronic copy.
Discrepancies fall under interpretation of what constitutes public shade trees.
Discrepancies indicate probable pirating.
Discrepancies trigger a request for a second declaration.
Discrepancy is between two official estimates.
Discrepancy is between two official sources.
Discrepancy isa difference.
Discrepancies often arise from use of published sail plans of manufacturers.
Discrepancies often occur.
Discrepancies usually imply that errors exist in the new system.
Any discrepancies always point to errors made by operators on either system.
Any discrepancies are due to differences in interpretation.
Any discrepancies are due to rounding.
Any discrepancies are the responsibility of the department to reconcile.
Any discrepancies are to be investigated immediately.
Any discrepancies are very small.
Any discrepancies can cause problems for the vessel.
Any discrepancy automatically leads to additional sampling.
Any discrepancy indicates an error.
Any discrepancy is considered to be a response and is noted in the results.
Any discrepancy is flagged, and corrected by a human looking at the copyedited manuscript.
Any discrepancy is placed into a manual review queue or treated as a lost revenue transaction.
Any discrepancy is reported to the cash collection center immediately.
Any discrepancy is stored as error.
Any discrepancy is to be investigated and resolved immediately after discovery.
Any discrepancy is worthy of a challenge.
Many discrepancies exist in all documents.
Most discrepancies are due to owner neglect and can be corrected at little or no cost.
Some discrepancies also remain.
Some discrepancies indicate exploration.
Some discrepancies indicate further exploration.
Some discrepancy already exists between modules.
Some discrepancy can be attractive but that's a personal design choice.
Some discrepancy is found between different sources.
Discrepant events are also a very powerful tool.
Discrepant events are an excellent way to arouse student interest and curiosity.
Discrepant events are fun and exciting to do.
Discrepant information produces cognitive reorganization and overevaluation.
Discrete approximation is discussed.
Discrete breathers are time-periodic spatially localised motions in networks of oscillators.
Discrete channels can play sound independently of the other channels.
Discrete circuits show the circuit to be robust to design parameter variations and highly stable.
Discrete clouds are important indicators of meteorological processes on Mars.
Discrete coloring involves assigns a concrete color to every node available.
Discrete credit is awarded for each course.
Discrete credit is given for each course.
Discrete data are data for which there are a finite or countably finite number of possible values.
Discrete data is well defined or fixed.
Discrete degrees mark the distinction between the kingdoms of life and nature.
Discrete groups are finite, hence, objects that can be written down rather explicitly.
Discrete investigations show how the other half lives.
Discrete jobs are likely to break up and be reconstituted.
Discrete mathematics develops methods for the study of discrete structures and processes.
Discrete mathematics is an exciting area of modern mathematics.
Discrete mathematics is based upon mathematics that is applicable to computing.
Discrete mathematics is described by many as the math of our time.
Discrete mathematics is different.
Discrete mathematics is the branch of mathematics that deals with arrangements of distinct objects.
Discrete mathematics is the common thread.
Discrete mathematics is the mathematics behind theoretical computer science.
Discrete mathematics is the study of distinct or unconnected objects.
Discrete mathematics is useful in a wide variety of disciplines.
Discrete mathematics presents fundamentals of logic, set theory, and proof techniques.
Discrete mathematics studies the properties of finite sets carrying various sorts of structures.
Discrete notes occur in patterned sequences that make up a phrase.
Discrete particles allow proper dispensing of repeatable doses by inoculation machinery.
Discrete pings are evident throughout the trace, with only a very weak background scatter signal.
Discrete points are measurements and continous lines are computations.
Discrete profiles protect single data sets with unique security requirements.
Discrete reflections can arrive at the listener from any direction.
Discrete samplers use pressure to force liquid and sludge into a small collection vessel.
Discrete simulation is used when modeling a m.s. that changes at only distinct points in time.
Discrete sites allow alcohol, but in period containers only.
Discrete spectra are the observable result of the physics of atoms.
Discrete speech is the careful enunciation of each word in a staccato style.
Discrete structures is foundational material for computer science.
Discrete systems have a finite, but extremely large, number of distinct microscopic states.
Discrete time is modelled using difference equations .
Discrete transcripts encode multiple chitinase isoforms in Brugian microfilariae.
Discrete variables can take only certain values, for instance counts.
Discrete variables can take only one of several integer values.
Discrete wire microelectrodes with activated iridium surfaces.
A discreteness is separation
Discreteness is then hard to unravel.
Discretion also requires the voter to challenge the conventional wisdom.
Discretion brings just the highest restfulness.
Discretion can derive from possession, access, use or ability to make rules and regulations.
Discretion has the meaning of acting on one's own authority and judgement.
Discretion includes, when appropriate, ordering the sale of marital property.
Discretion is a good thing.
Discretion is a key element in all research activity and communication with candidates.
Discretion is a pervasive concept in administrative law.
Discretion is a rare thing indeed.
Discretion is abused only when it is arbitrary, fanciful, or unreasonable.
Discretion is advised when providing personally identifying information on the internet.
Discretion is advised when visiting websites linked here.
Discretion is advised, as examples of violent media are used.
Discretion is advised, however.
Discretion is advised.
Discretion is also highly valued, as is the ability to see the future before it happens.
Discretion is always beneficial for minors and adults alike.
Discretion is always observed and credit card billing is always discreet and low key.
Discretion is always the better part of valor.
Discretion is an important part of freedom of information laws.
Discretion is an important part of the job description.
Discretion is another fine thing to have.
Discretion is as important as good timing.
Discretion is assured for all members.
Discretion is assured in all phone contacts and mailings .
Discretion is assured.
Discretion is at all levels of law enforcement.
Discretion is better part of valor.
Discretion is definitely the better part of valor.
Discretion is encouraged so no harm is done.
Discretion is encouraged when using the Internet in a public setting.
Discretion is essential .
Discretion is exactly what it means, the freedom to act according to one's judgment.
Discretion is exercised.
Discretion is forgotten as the private investigator runs into immediate danger.
Discretion is given to the dealer as to when to execute the order.
Discretion is guaranteed.
Discretion is imperative, and strong analytical and writing skills is required.
Discretion is imperative.
Discretion is important, particularly in the Holy City.
Discretion is important.
Discretion is left up to the reporting person.
Discretion is liberty
Discretion is liberty.
Discretion is maintained out of fear of losing a job.
Discretion is mandatory.
Discretion is needed in deciding what kind of clothes to wear.
Discretion is needed to weigh up the usefulness of a particular action.
Discretion is needed.
Discretion is nothing more than the exercise of judgment.
Discretion is of utmost importance.
Discretion is one necessity of the job.
Discretion is one of our strongest assets.
Discretion is our first priority.
Discretion is our goal.
Discretion is our modus operandi.
Discretion is paramount.
Discretion is quite limited in order to ensure equities for all parties.
Discretion is requested.
Discretion is required in love affairs.
Discretion is required when giving or receiving information.
Discretion is respected .
Discretion is so broad as to cover anything someone in the hierarchy deems offensive.
Discretion is the best protection from claims of defamation.
Discretion is the better part of anything.
Discretion is the better part of artwork.
Discretion is the better part of privatization valor.
Discretion is the better part of valor, and avoiding injury to either party is the goal here.
Discretion is the better part of valor, especially when dealing with mothers.
Discretion is the better part of valor.
Discretion is the better part of valour.
Discretion is the eye of the soul.
Discretion is the greater part of their role.
Discretion is the heart of character.
Discretion is the key word.
Discretion is the mother of corruption, it is also the hallmark of the dictator.
Discretion is the name of the game.
Discretion is the opposite of routine and habitual obedience.
Discretion is the opposite of standard expectations.
Discretion is the rule.
Discretion is used in including data with high CVs in the regional means.
Discretion is very much the order of the day here.
Discretion is wisdom.
Discretion is, of course, paramount.
Discretion keeps watch over the lips.
Discretion lies with the attorney-mediator whether and when to request written submissions.
Discretion means that police officers can choose to strictly enforce the law.
Discretion regarding our client relationship is paramount to our business success.
Discretion remains indispensable in the daily implementation of monetary policy.
Discretion sits to the right hand of secrecy.
Discretion takes the rough edges off the legislation.
Discretion tells the three missionaries they had better leave the city.
Discretion thus remains the better part of valor here.
Discretion undermines one of democracy's most cherished safeguards.
Discretion watches against rashness, but enhances the courage of faith.
Discretion usually means lack of provision.
More discretion leads to more confining ex-post control.
More discretion means lower sentences.
Some discretion is warranted when preparing the inspection report.
Discretionary access controls.
Discretionary brokers look after the big-ticket investors.
Discretionary funds are a critical tool for investigators in a modern research university.
Discretionary funds are available.
Discretionary funds are subject to Congressional appropriation.
Discretionary funds can be important as in tuition waivers for international students.
Discretionary funds escape congressional supervision over foreign policy expenditures.
Discretionary funds have to be transferred from the programmatic funds.
Some discretionary funds are available for dealing with cases of financial difficulty.
Discretionary funding is also available in certain circumstances.
Discretionary funding is awarded through competitive peer review.
Discretionary funding is awarded through competitive proposal submissions.
Discretionary grants are where there is no guarantee that any state or agency gets a grant.
Discretionary grants do pose a threat.
Discretionary income is increased by reducing taxes.
Discretionary income is theoretical at best.
Discretionary income is what allows people to dine out, see a movie, buy new clothes.
Discretionary income is what is left of disposable income after paying for necessities.
More discretionary income means more book purchases.
Much discretionary income goes to leisure travel, holiday, fashion, gift expenditures, etc.
Discretionary increments are to recognise exceptional performance.
Discretionary money means dollars given to districts to use without state rules and regulations.
Discretionary policy can suffer from incompetence, abuse of power, and time inconsistency.
Discretionary programs are either level funded or slightly reduced.
Discretionary programs consume about one-third of overall federal spending.
Discretionary projects provide monies based on a competition.
Discretionary relief remains, however, for aliens in exclusion proceedings.
Discretionary spending is controlled through annual appropriations acts.
Discretionary spending is controlled with budget caps.
Discretionary spending is usually where the most money is being wasted.
Discretionary spending is, by contrast, spending the government chooses to make.
Discretionary time is another issue.
Discretionary time is the part of a manager's time that is controllable.
Discretionary trading can be very rewarding.
Discretionary trading occurs in order to generate higher returns.
Some discriminate gardeners appreciate values.
Discrimination law is about motives.
Discrimination law is concerned with the motivation behind an action.
Discrimination laws concern the gay and lesbian communities.
Discrimination laws respond to specific biases that have worked their way into employment decisions.
Most discrimination laws apply only to groups that are federally-funded.
Discrimination learning is rote learning.
Discrimination learning plays a dominant role in teaching all skills.
Discrimination according to the class of puppy origin does little to protect the animals.
Discrimination allows the detector to selectively reject certain metal objects or junk.
Discrimination Allows the detector to selectively reject certain metal objects or junk.
Discrimination also can be refusal to make reasonable accommodation for a person with a disability.
Discrimination also includes prejudice and bias.
Discrimination also includes that against a particular race who are more prone to a certain disease.
Discrimination also occurs in department stores, coffee shops and saunas.
Discrimination also pops up when orchestras are deciding which musician to pay.
Discrimination also results in dumping people into the public sector, paid for by taxpayers.
Discrimination based on age is equally unacceptable.
Discrimination based on ancestry is undemocratic and unfair.
Discrimination based on athletic ability is rampant.
Discrimination based on cultural differences is .
Discrimination based on diabetes is often the result of ignorance.
Discrimination based on information obtained from a person's DNA is indeed a possibility.
Discrimination based on language is as strong and as abhorrent as discrimination based on race.
Discrimination based on odour is possible just one day later.
Discrimination based on pedegree seems particularly un-American.
Discrimination based on race is a reality in both overt and subtle forms.
Discrimination based on race is terrible.
Discrimination based on race, gender, age, family status or disability is a different matter.
Discrimination based on race, sex, religion, and orientation is unheard of.
Discrimination based on religion is built into the system of government.
Discrimination based on sex explicitly includes sexual harassment.
Discrimination based on sex is illegal in many countries.
Discrimination based on stereotyped gender roles is inappropriate.
Discrimination based on what a person can keep private is harder to define.
Discrimination based upon sexual orientation is unacceptable.
Discrimination breeds discrimination, and that tolerance and diversity teach tolerance.
Discrimination can affect all overweight individuals, but it appears to be worse for women.
Discrimination can also be indirect.
Discrimination can also be very subtle.
Discrimination can also have a profound effect on people's lives.
Discrimination can arise at any level within the higher education sector.
Discrimination can be along economic and social lines rather than race.
Discrimination can be as subtle as assuming everyone in the classroom is heterosexual.
Discrimination can be direct or indirect.
Discrimination can be intentional or unintentional.
Discrimination can be overt or it can be a colorless, odorless gas.
Discrimination can be subtle or obvious, individual or institutional.
Discrimination can be the result of intentional or unintentional action or omission.
Discrimination can cause one to miss a blessing.
Discrimination can either be direct or indirect.
Discrimination can enter the lending process at any of at least five identifiable stages.
Discrimination can include racial, religious or sexual harassment, or any form of vilification.
Discrimination can infect the corporate board rooms, the classrooms and the courtrooms.
Discrimination can occur in job ads and brochures.
Discrimination can occur in various ways, including verbal, non-verbal and physical harassment.
Discrimination can occur in various ways, including verbal, non-verbal, and physical harassment.
Discrimination can occur.
Discrimination can persist only where there is monopoly or some other situation without competition.
Discrimination can take many forms.
Discrimination can take on many forms.
Discrimination causes harm.
Discrimination causes isolation and pain that can have life-long effects.
Discrimination causes women and girls to suffer particular disadvantages.
Discrimination claims Covered unless underlying cause is bodily injury or personal injury.
Discrimination comes first, devotion and surrender afterwards.
Discrimination comes from being different.
Discrimination comes in different forms.
Discrimination comes in many forms.
Discrimination comes with a smile and a handshake.
Discrimination consists of a pattern of powerful but unrecognized assumptions. . . .
Discrimination Contains articles from the media about discrimination.
Discrimination continues in education.
Discrimination continues in ways both overt and subtle.
Discrimination continues to be a serious problem for America.
Discrimination continues to deny women opportunities in many fields.
Discrimination continues to prevail.
Discrimination crosses more than just business lines.
Discrimination definitely exists.
Discrimination denies the historical and ongoing contributions of specific groups of women.
Discrimination destroys morale and hurts productivity.
Discrimination does exist. . . .
Discrimination does exist.
Discrimination does happen to everyone, still.
Discrimination does happen.
Discrimination equals death, and both are on the rise.
Discrimination exists based on sexual orientation, religion, class and other attributes.
Discrimination exists everywhere.
Discrimination exists in a subtler, yet no less harmful, form.
Discrimination exists in hiring.
Discrimination exists in so many different ways.
Discrimination goes against the very grain of what competition is all about.
Discrimination goes in every direction from white to black to brown and back.
Discrimination happens casually as if it concerns 'normal' and 'acceptable' behavior.
Discrimination has both a positive and a negative connotation.
Discrimination has many causes.
Discrimination has no place in a just society.
Discrimination has no place in our country.
Discrimination has no place in our government or our country.
Discrimination has no place in the U.S. armed services.
Discrimination hurts everyone.
Discrimination includes practices which limit an individual's opportunities.
Discrimination includes that of age, sex, race and now genetic discrimination.
Discrimination involves actions.
Discrimination is a barrier.
Discrimination is a crime.
Discrimination is a daily act as a result of choices.
Discrimination is a deadly disease.
Discrimination is a deep illness in our society.
Discrimination is a defensive act of ignorance.
Discrimination is a defensive act of insecurity.
Discrimination is a fact of life, and censorware is no exception.
Discrimination is a form of violence.
Discrimination is a great and multifaceted problem within the mental health system.
Discrimination is a human rights issue.
Discrimination is a means of producing self-worth.
Discrimination is a natural reaction to fear.
Discrimination is a natural reaction.
Discrimination is a nonphysical injury.
Discrimination is a part of American life today.
Discrimination is a problem in Vermont.
Discrimination is a problem which arises in relation to equality before the law.
Discrimination is a psychological harm as much as it is a material injustice.
Discrimination is a serious and offensive act.
Discrimination is a significant and growing basis for litigation against teachers and schools.
Discrimination is a system issue.
Discrimination is a taught thing.
Discrimination is a terrible sin because it denies creation.
Discrimination is a two-edged sword.
Discrimination is a very useful tool.
Discrimination is a violation of a person's human rights.
Discrimination is a violation of state and federal civil rights laws.
Discrimination is a weapon of the boss.
Discrimination is about power and the abuse of power.
Discrimination is action based on prejudice.
Discrimination is against the law .
Discrimination is against the law and carries penalties.
Discrimination is against the law.
Discrimination is all pervasive, 'no better than elsewhere in Spain'.
Discrimination is also a basic skill learned from trial and error on the internet.
Discrimination is also a major issue in sentencings and executions.
Discrimination is also contrary to internationally accepted principles of human rights.
Discrimination is also illegal when the policy has a greater affect of excluding a particular group.
Discrimination is always wrong.
Discrimination is an important skill to have when dealing with people and situations.
Discrimination is an ongoing battle.
Discrimination is an unfortunate byproduct of the cultural diversity in the United States.
Discrimination is an unfortunate fact of life.
Discrimination is another reason that there is an inequality with regards to income.
Discrimination is antithetical to the values, policies and procedures of U of T .
Discrimination is as pernicious whether based on skin color or sexuality.
Discrimination is bad too.
Discrimination is bad, unless it's a preference.
Discrimination is based on personal bias.
Discrimination is but a means to more adequate representation.
Discrimination is claimed whenever the insurance companies use genetic information to deny coverage.
Discrimination is common Frequently, the discrimination is very explicit.
Discrimination is common in the Tampa Bay area as well.
Discrimination is commonplace.
Discrimination is complicated and influenced by diverse factors.
Discrimination is considered in the context of employment, education and housing.
Discrimination is costly and illegal.
Discrimination is costly in other ways.
Discrimination is costly, nonproductive, and affects everyone.
Discrimination is defined as less favourable treatment.
Discrimination is denied to preserve one's own integrity.
Discrimination is differential treatment that favors one individual, group, or object over another.
Discrimination is difficult to prove because it is so broadly defined.
Discrimination is discrimination is discrimination.
Discrimination is discrimination.
Discrimination is dismissed as paranoia.
Discrimination is essential.
Discrimination is everyone's problem.
Discrimination is everywhere, including the Internet.
Discrimination is everywhere.
Discrimination is forbidden under law.
Discrimination is forbidden.
Discrimination is greatest in the class with the largest variance in demand prices.
Discrimination is hateful.
Discrimination is highly related to reliability.
Discrimination is illegal both in the rental and sale of housing.
Discrimination is illegal.
Discrimination is individual and personal.
Discrimination is inevitable.
Discrimination is intolerable and even a single case of discrimination is one case too many.
Discrimination is largely preventable.
Discrimination is less costly when wages exceed market-clearing levels.
Discrimination is likely to explain some of the remainder.
Discrimination is more through ignorance and lack of information.
Discrimination is much more likely to appear in the non-profit sector.
Discrimination is necessary when trading stocks.
Discrimination is needed to know when to get out of the way and when to provide intervention.
Discrimination is nothing new but reverse discrimination was unheard of ten years ago.
Discrimination is now more accurate, and done more quickly, to more people.
Discrimination is often a major cause of income differences.
Discrimination is often much more subtle, and therefore more difficult to prove.
Discrimination is often the basis for government price controls.
Discrimination is often unintentional, stemming from lack of awareness about disability.
Discrimination is one issue that the government is increasingly unwilling to look into.
Discrimination is one of the greatest challenges.
Discrimination is one of the world's major problems, though it is for race, age or gender.
Discrimination is patently immoral, but it is now increasingly being seen as unprofitable.
Discrimination is practiced by members of both faiths.
Discrimination is practised.
Discrimination is rampant in all federal agencies.
Discrimination is rampant.
Discrimination is reprehensible in any form.
Discrimination is reprehensible no matter what form it takes.
Discrimination is repugnant, no matter what direction it goes in.
Discrimination is rife and is documented.
Discrimination is rooted very deeply in our country.
Discrimination is routine in employment and housing.
Discrimination is said to be costly to the discriminator.
Discrimination is small, unspoken and most times unprovable.
Discrimination is so senseless.
Discrimination is social control
Discrimination is social control.
Discrimination is something that an individual or a group can survive.
Discrimination is something which happens in practice.
Discrimination is still a reality in America today.
Discrimination is still a reality, even when it takes different forms.
Discrimination is still a serious problem.
Discrimination is still alive and well in America.
Discrimination is still alive and well.
Discrimination is still alive around the farms.
Discrimination is still widespread, and overcoming it is still an urgent goal of public policy.
Discrimination is still widespread.
Discrimination is terrible here towards the gay man and woman.
Discrimination is the ability to differentiate between objects.
Discrimination is the act of mistreating an individual as a member of a group or class.
Discrimination is the action taken against others based on stereotypes and prejudices.
Discrimination is the antithesis of generalization.
Discrimination is the behavioral component.
Discrimination is the essence of intelligence.
Discrimination is the key.
Discrimination is the most misused word in the country.
Discrimination is the unequal, stereotypical and prejudicial treatment of persons.
Discrimination is to be shown.
Discrimination is too real in America today.
Discrimination is too serious just to talk about it.
Discrimination is too simplistic an explanation for the current conflict.
Discrimination is unacceptable.
Discrimination is unequal treatment of people based on their membership in a particular group.
Discrimination is unethical, no matter who's practicing it.
Discrimination is unfair to disabled.
Discrimination is unlawful and has been for quite a few years.
Discrimination is unlawful.
Discrimination is when people are treated badly by others because of prejudice.
Discrimination is wrong if there is no good reason to justify it.
Discrimination is wrong in any form.
Discrimination is wrong, Be it based on race, color, national origin OR sex.
Discrimination is wrong, eliminating it is right.
Discrimination is wrong.
Discrimination Is Wrong.
Discrimination is, after all, discrimination.
Discrimination is, for the corporation, economically irrational, but it occurs.
Discrimination means action or policies based on prejudice or partiality.
Discrimination means different things to different people.
Discrimination means discernment.
Discrimination means making differences and distinctions among people, ideas, places and things.
Discrimination means noting the difference between things.
Discrimination means that the more similar the stimulus the more likely the response.
Discrimination occurs when prejudices are translated into action.
Discrimination occurs when unfair actions are based on prejudice.
Discrimination only has to be inferred from the proof of an employer's false explanation.
Discrimination persists also in Europe.
Discrimination persists as states rush to decrease the number of welfare recipients.
Discrimination persists in education and training, hiring and compensation, and promotion.
Discrimination persists in some occupations concerning access to employment.
Discrimination persists, particularly in housing and mortgage markets and in job markets.
Discrimination prevents any women and minorities from advancing their career in an organization.
Discrimination prevents people from achieving equality of opportunity and outcome.
Discrimination provides a final range of examples on which to apply the concepts already studied.
Discrimination refers to acts taken against people of maybe a different race or class.
Discrimination refers to unfair or unjust behaviors toward members of that group.
Discrimination regarding age per se is bad.
Discrimination remains a major unsolved problem.
Discrimination remains a reality.
Discrimination remains an unfortunate social reality.
Discrimination remains pervasive.
Discrimination requires more than a single individual.
Discrimination requires that the brain determine which receptors have been activated by an odorant.
Discrimination results from many tests that show racially and culturally biased standards.
Discrimination results from public ignorance and fear.
Discrimination seems the most likely explanation for most of the remainder of the wage gap.
Discrimination seems to no longer be an issue with nearly universal access to credit.
Discrimination shrinks in a full-employment economy.
Discrimination stems from a lack of knowledge and a lack of communication.
Discrimination still does exist.
Discrimination still exists behind the doors of the boardrooms and offices.
Discrimination still exists but it's a lot more subtle.
Discrimination still exists even in business.
Discrimination still exists, as it does for most minorities, but times are changing.
Discrimination still exists.
Discrimination takes many forms from subtle to blatant.
Discrimination takes many forms.
Discrimination takes place frequently.
Discrimination tends to be higher in private as compared to public sector workplaces.
Discrimination tends to be pretty blatant.
Discrimination tends to be subtle and covert.
Discrimination then limits opportunity and changes exposure to risk as follows.
Discrimination thresholds for channel-coded systems.
Discrimination use the instinctive center a lot.
Discrimination wears many faces in the world.
Discrimination works both ways as does sexual harassment.
Discriminations are all the same thing.
All discrimination illuminates and reflects contemporary society.
All discrimination is brutal and ugly.
All discrimination is illegal.
All discrimination is wrong.
Any discrimination is discouraged.
Any discrimination is no good.
Any discrimination is unconstitutional.
Any discrimination whatsoever violates the constitutional guarantee to freedom of speech.
Most discrimination is based in ignorance rather than malice.
Much discrimination is based on prejudice.
Much discrimination is due merely to ignorance.
Discriminative practices are evident in the employment sphere, too.
A discriminator is a person
Discriminators are often smart enough to discriminate in ways that are harder to prove.
Discriminators are very important to the source selection process.
All discriminator racks with power supplies.
Discriminatory access is a phenomenon that is likely to increase dramatically.
Discriminatory action means punishing an employee by doing something which affects their job.
Any discriminatory action can be a cause for disciplinary action.
Any discriminatory action can be a cause of disciplinary action.
Any discriminatory action can be cause for disciplinary action.
Discriminatory attitudes are prevalent.
Discriminatory coverage can affect mental health consumers in several ways.
Discriminatory enforcement is a scandal.
Discriminatory pay has consequences as people age and across generations.
Discriminatory practices are often so subtle that they are difficult to recognize.
Discriminatory practices hurt people and wreak havoc in communities.
Discriminatory practices impact every stage of the mortgage loan approval process.
Discriminatory statements cause stigma.
Discriminatory treatment can take many forms.
Discriminatory treatment is only justified if the reason for it is both substantial and material .
All discs fly.
Some discs cause pain.
Discursive formations are subject to rules.
Discursive formations organize knowledge and in addition are inseparable from knowledge.
Discursive power is the power of language in action.
Discursive practice is essentially heteroglossic .
Discursive prose is a special case of writing.
A discus is a field event
Discus allows to use ordinary web browsers to view the discussion and post messages.
Discus are quite delicate and susceptible to fluctuating water conditions.
Discus are true tropical fishes, hailing from the warmest river waters of equatorial South America.
Discus even feed their babies off of their slimecoats.
Discus have very small mouths and desire a soft, small form of food.
Discus is a free product.
Discus is a very powerful and extremely easy script to set up and use.
Discus is available for free to commercial and non-commercial users.
Discus is available for free use by non-profit and commercial individuals and organizations.
Discus is available in several languages.
Discus is down for some reason.
Discus is frame based and is basically menu driven, as opposed to clickable buttons.
Discus is free and can be downloaded immediately.
Discus is free, and a pro version is available for purchase.
Discus is indeed a pretty slick discussion board.
Discus is the most valuable fish.
Discus produce slime on their body.
Discus produces artistic CD labels and jewel case inserts for use with recordable CDs.
Discus produces beautiful labels for use with recordable CDs.
Discus require frequent water changes for proper growth.
Discus seem to prefer an area with little traffic.
Discuses are disks.
Discuses are field events.
Discuses are fish.
Discuses are sports equipment.
Discuss die use of bearings and hinges as methods of reducing friction.
Discuss follow through.
Discuss interview as an important vehicle of gathering information.
Discuss result and possible reasons why.
Discuss show ideas with somebody else.
Discuss update on the nutritional value of olestra.
Discuss celebrity obits.
Discuss constellations Note the distinction between asterism and constellation.
Discuss family finances with a parent or guardian.
Discuss family supports, and tools to keep the family together.
Discuss observations Have students return to their seats and discuss their observations.
Discuss prayer needs with boys and girls.
Discuss stories read, stressing open-ended questions.
Discuss charges up front.
Discuss likes and differences of the two types.
Discuss odours the group likes and dislikes.
Discuss organ and tissue donation in sermons and classes.
Discuss plan, timeline, and action items for moving forward to ballot.
Discuss sample strong, average, and weak papers.
Discuss shows currently airing new episodes.
Discuss sounds made by other animals.
Discuss wills and substitutes, intestacy, probate, trusts, and property ownership.
Discuss work related problems with the volunteers at a meeting after supper.
Discussed budget needs once the grant expires.
Discussings are conversations.
Discussion board allows interaction with hospital professionals.
Discussion board Make comments and view the comments of others on art-related topics.
Discussion boards allow members another vehicle through which they can communicate with one another.
Discussion boards are bulletin boards.
Discussion boards are free, unmoderated, and open to everyone.
Discussion boards are useful for posting requests and queries.
Discussion boards contain the opinions and views of other parents.
Discussion boards exist for virtually every topic, from the serious to the ridiculous.
Discussion boards give registered users a forum for ongoing conversation and mutual support.
Discussion boards go under various names.
Discussion boards help create and interactive site that have users coming back again and again.
Discussion Boards See what other members have to say about specific products and services.
All discussion boards have a feature which allows registered users to post anonymously.
Most discussion boards discuss more the sexual aspects of providers.
Discussion forum Complete the guest book and be part of a discussion forum.
Discussion forum is a great place to meet and exchange ideas, opinions, etc.
Discussion forums allow network administrators to discuss common issues and solutions.
Discussion forums allow students to collaborate outside the classroom and workplace.
Discussion forums are a good example of asynchronous.
Discussion Forums are a great place to discuss a wide range of issues.
Discussion forums are also mostly Web-based today.
Discussion forums are an excellent way to communicate with teachers from across the United States.
Discussion forums are another highly useful resource.
Discussion forums are available and actively used.
Discussion forums are available at every one of the major online publishers.
Discussion forums are available for each of the major search engine and directory sites.
Discussion forums are available on a wide variety of game topics.
Discussion forums are available.
Discussion forums are free for all to join.
Discussion forums are limited to students and faculty enrolled in a particular course.
Discussion forums are now online.
Discussion forums are there to support participative modes of learning.
Discussion Forums Be sure to visit the gesneriad discussion forums.
Discussion forums can be a great addition to any site.
Discussion forums can be conversational or threaded.
Discussion forums can streamline the creation, sharing, and reuse of critical business knowledge.
Discussion forums function much like most e-mail programs.
Discussion Forums Get help from other visitors or just read what others are saying.
Discussion forums have a separate search facility, use the form below.
Discussion forums is a complete list of the forums for each chapter.
Discussion Forums Join our discussion forum on Hijacking .
Most discussion forums archive the messages that have been posted over time.
Discussion group Create a discussion group.
Discussion group is free and open to public.
Discussion group meets in the Religious Education area.
Discussion group quizzes to be determined by section instructor.
Discussion group quizzes.
Discussion groups abound throughout our communities.
Discussion groups allow engaging in a discussion with other Internet users about any topic.
Discussion groups allow everyone an opportunity to become an involved participant.
Discussion groups allow for elaboration of classroom material.
Discussion groups are a great way to meet other people on the Internet.
Discussion groups are a popular method of sharing information.
Discussion groups are active only during the semester that the course is offered.
Discussion groups are also available.
Discussion groups are an excellent way to discuss issues currently facing the voluntary sector.
Discussion groups are an important example of the communication capabilities of the internet.
Discussion groups are an increasingly important tool in the legal profession.
Discussion groups are another important resource.
Discussion groups are available for visitors to share favorite quotes or find the source of a quote.
Discussion groups are available, and lists of members are maintained.
Discussion groups are available, but a little rough.
Discussion groups are essential.
Discussion groups are for society members only.
Discussion groups are for users to exchange information via e-mail.
Discussion groups are free.
Discussion groups are good, but they are only a small part of the problem.
Discussion groups are helpful when there are questions.
Discussion groups are highly active.
Discussion groups are no place for a hard sell.
Discussion groups are often good resources to find answers to cutting-edge technical questions.
Discussion groups are one of the most valuable resources for educators.
Discussion groups are open-ended.
Discussion groups are public The discussion groups section of the site is a public area.
Discussion groups are relatively small, containing six to eight students and one faculty member.
Discussion groups are similar to Internet news groups or bulletin boards.
Discussion groups are special interest listings of people with similar interests.
Discussion groups are the one thing that the Internet is the only medium that can do it.
Discussion groups are useful for many applications for web sites and users in general.
Discussion groups are very similar to Internet newsgroups .
Discussion groups bring together people that share similar interests.
Discussion groups can and often do meet on-line for follow up discussions.
Discussion groups can be open to all members, or messages can be controlled by appointed moderators.
Discussion groups can be open to all project participants or restricted as desired.
Discussion groups can be open to the public, restricted, or even hidden completely from non-members.
Discussion groups can meet asynchronously to discuss new project plans.
Discussion groups can take the form of discussion forums , chat rooms , or listservs .
Discussion groups communicate messages to all people who have joined the group.
Discussion groups consist of topical listings of messages and responses.
Discussion groups cover management, technology and human resources.
Discussion groups enable consumers to communicate.
Discussion groups enable men to become well informed and make treatment decisions.
Discussion groups enable people around the world to discuss topics of shared interest.
Discussion groups enable students to learn from other students.
Discussion groups enable teams to conduct threaded discussions, which are available to the team.
Discussion groups enrich and expand students' educational experience beyond the classroom.
Discussion groups have a lot more in common with traditional communities.
Discussion groups have a valuable place in preparing for exams.
Discussion groups help provide a sense of how people feel about the area.
Discussion groups involve an exchange of views in a more intimate group forum.
Discussion Groups Join a group to discuss distance education.
Discussion groups offer candid conversations on many topics relating to the War.
Discussion groups operate via e-mail.
Discussion groups provide a forum for people to ask questions and share experiences.
Discussion groups provide a forum where members can share information, opinions and new ideas.
Discussion groups provide the opportunity to exchange views among visitors.
Discussion groups raise questions and issues based in the readings.
Discussion groups represent yet another source of information.
Discussion groups require a browser that can process forms.
Discussion groups reveal a separate universe, where getting through the day is an accomplishment.
Discussion groups run under membership.
Discussion groups see participation with key executives, decision makers and entrepreneurs.
Discussion groups tend to fall into two general categories.
Discussion groups tend to moderate themselves.
Discussion groups test conclusions and focus groups explore particular issues and challenges.
Discussion groups vary considerably in their configuration.
Discussion groups work particularly well as a vehicle for facilitating corporate training.
All discussion groups are student developed and facilitated.
All discussion groups meet monthly.
Many discussion groups generate a great deal of mail.
Many discussion groups offer advertising as well, usually in the form of sponsorships.
Most discussion groups begin with either alt.
Most discussion groups function just fine by themselves.
Most discussion groups have a human administrator, or list owner .
Most discussion groups select one person for each meeting to facilitate the discussion.
Some discussion groups are already up and running.
Some discussion groups are available in more than one format.
Some discussion groups are completely unmoderated.
Some discussion groups are Private and require a userid and password.
Some discussion groups generate many messages per day, while others are inactive.
Some discussion groups have very broad topics such as ec.pets .
Discussion list Have a good list FAQ .
Discussion lists allow all members to post to the list.
Discussion lists allow for interaction between list members, with or without moderation.
Discussion lists are a critical component of scholarly collaboration.
Discussion lists are a far better return.
Discussion lists are a form of e-zine .
Discussion lists are an effective means of communication.
Discussion lists are an excellent way to ask questions and get feedback and information.
Discussion lists are available to the public free of charge.
Discussion lists are entirely dependent on contributors for their success.
Discussion lists are great.
Discussion lists are groups of e-mail users with a common interest.
Discussion lists are interactive and allow exchange between list members.
Discussion lists are more participatory.
Discussion lists are open to anyone with an interest in the area.
Discussion lists are social units that share features of group dynamics with other groups.
Discussion lists are typically topical in nature.
Discussion lists are unmoderated and contain both opinion and factual information.
Discussion lists are usually a good source of information on a particular subject.
Discussion lists are yet another source of information.
Discussion lists attract false teachers.
Discussion lists can be a great way to continue conversations, make friends and stay in touch.
Discussion lists can be fun and useful.
Discussion lists can be public or private and involve as few as two people or as many as thousands.
Discussion lists can be small - maybe a few people on a committee.
Discussion lists can be very valuable.
Discussion Lists can often be very high volume.
Discussion lists come in several varieties.
Discussion lists consist of comments on a topic delivered via e-mail to participants.
Discussion lists cover a host of law- related and general topics.
Discussion lists deal with membership in various ways.
Discussion lists enable members to read and post messages to the list.
Discussion lists Enter a debate on a number of business related issues.
Discussion lists focus on such things as symptoms, diagnosis and treatment alternatives.
Discussion lists hold a marketing value similar to that of newsgroups.
Discussion lists provide a great way of communicating with other people with the same interests.
Discussion lists provide an online forum for discussion.
Every discussion list has one or more owners.
Many discussion lists accept paid advertising.
Many discussion lists have policies governing the forwarding and use of email messages.
Most discussion lists are communities of users who enforce the norms of behavior quite vigorously.
Most discussion lists prefer an introductory post for new members.
Discussion papers are a first step in the development of policies.
Discussion papers are intermediate results presented for discussion.
Discussion papers provide research and background information and propose policy directions.
All discussion papers are subject to review prior to publication by members of the editorial panel.
All discussion papers are to be handed in after the break.
A discussion section is a grade
Discussion sections are an important part of the learning process.
Discussion sections are classes.
Discussion sections are highly recommended.
Discussion sections are mandatory, hours to be arranged.
Discussion sections are mandatory.
Discussion sections are optional, but highly recommended.
Discussion sections are to be written separately and are to be unique.
Discussion sections emphasize readings from the current scientific literature.
Discussion sections examine both landmark and recent literature.
Discussion sections give students a forum for assessing the relationship between events and ideas.
Discussion sections last fifty minutes.
Discussion sections led by a faculty member follow each series of three to four seminars.
Discussion sections meet.
Discussion sections start in the second week of classes.
Discussion sections start next week.
Discussion sections stress the application of anthropological methods to research problems.
Discussion spaces work well on any of the software mentioned above.
Discussion threads indicate current topics and issues in the children's literature field.
Discussion agree off lots center as marry Auburn tigers jackets.
Discussion airs many issues revolving around acceptance of homosexuals.
Discussion allows feedback and the checking of knowledge, but the rate of transmission is slow.
Discussion allows the presenter to benefit from peer review.
Discussion alone has the power to revolutionize education. . . . . .
Discussion already is under way to create a seed-fund program for new research.
Discussion also addresses using interactions to promote reflective thinking.
Discussion also centers, for example, on comic and redemptive as well as tragic actions.
Discussion also continues about charging for parking during special events on campus.
Discussion also covers the installation of browsers, dialers and common connection problems.
Discussion also dispels rumors and misinformation.
Discussion also focuses on basic ideas of cultural policy in a national and international context.
Discussion also focuses on implementation strategies and ongoing support considerations.
Discussion also focuses on infants' sleeping and crying behaviors.
Discussion also focuses on possible improvements of the project.
Discussion also focuses on techniques used for particle sampling and analysis.
Discussion also focuses on the difference between Japanese and Western woodworking traditions.
Discussion also focuses on the different financial markets within the UK and how they are regulated.
Discussion also includes economic feasibility and advantages of the VAC dash system.
Discussion also includes mailing lists and venders for direct mail and inserts.
Discussion also includes prenatal care, childbirth and baby care.
Discussion also includes recent controversy about the existence of the Oedipal complex.
Discussion also includes the roles and functions of channel members.
Discussion also includes tips on how to overcome writer's block.
Discussion also involves specific issues related to each school.
Discussion also involves the solved, unsolved, and emerging issues.
Discussion also leads into ocean floor spreading.
Discussion also lessens denial about the power of ads.
Discussion also occurs after the motion is seconded and before the vote.
Discussion are under way concerning a proposed joint venture in Denmark.
Discussion Ask students to describe the conditions shown in the picture.
Discussion Ask the group to think about their everyday activities.
Discussion auburn tigers clothing.
Discussion Back Help motivating girls.
Discussion based lessons include women in ministry, college and career, truth, dating, and attitude.
Discussion begins about changing the name of the band for the new release.
Discussion begins on the date listed.
Discussion begins promptly at noon.
Discussion begins when the play has ended.
Discussion begins with a review of basic biological molecules and cell biology.
Discussion begins, after a springboard has been read, with a quick analysis of the topic sentence.
Discussion breaks down and much yelling ensues.
Discussion brings out a variety of approaches to problems and concepts.
Discussion brings the light of day to men hiding in a burrow like animals.
Discussion brings up new stuff all the time.
Discussion can also cover the topics listed above in the standard phone consultation.
Discussion can also simulate and highlight the political convention format.
Discussion can also take place via telephone conference.
Discussion can also take place via video conference.
Discussion can be center on the pro's and con's of developing a task force.
Discussion can be directionless.
Discussion can be important, too, if the partners have different styles of handling money.
Discussion can be on line in addition to in class.
Discussion can be the result of posted comments or about the way the Polling topic is phrased.
Discussion can be very exciting since extremes are being looked at.
Discussion can become addictive, and most people stick around for more.
Discussion can center around the different parts of the story and how important they are.
Discussion can continue with individuals who accept a limited universe.
Discussion can corrects misconceptions and fills in knowledge gaps.
Discussion can focus on cross-border foci or imported cases.
Discussion can focus on the comparison of data from the various figures.
Discussion can focus on weighing up the pros and cons and any other specific concerns.
Discussion can focus on words to indicate panic, excitement and danger.
Discussion can follow about unprotected shaft edges and the increased hazard they represent.
Discussion can follow.
Discussion can help clarify their experiences and relieve any psychological distress.
Discussion can help people understand things better , or gives people a chance to tell their views .
Discussion can help people understand things better, or gives people a chance to tell their views.
Discussion can include concepts like hard and soft, light and dark, high and low.
Discussion can include how soil temperature influences how long it takes for seeds to sprout.
Discussion can keep the lines of communication open.
Discussion can only continue when anger is held in check.
Discussion can pursue the question of whether the ball joint was properly used.
Discussion can range from aggressive drivers to use of seat belts to new laws that affect motorists.
Discussion can resume the next day.
Discussion can take place among the entire class, or in small groups.
Discussion can take place both via e-mail and here on the web.
Discussion can take place via the listserv.
Discussion can take place while they work.
Discussion can then ensue in the warm room.
Discussion can then focus on the impact of each variation on the search behavior of workers.
Discussion can wait until after the first or even second call.
Discussion centres on ten critical components of a good drug and alcohol prevention program.
Discussion comes from the many different ways to create each number.
Discussion Compare our earthly bodies to a hand with a glove on it.
Discussion Compare the results with literature values.
Discussion Compares two files or two groups of files.
Discussion concentrates on written history and the problems of interpretation.
Discussion concerning the history and present status of the trails plan Insufficient time.
Discussion concerning the sale of used textbooks is ongoing.
Discussion concludes with a brief section on implications.
Discussion Consider a triangle, a square, an octagon.
Discussion Consider the problem of unanswered prayer.
Discussion considers avenues of improvement in attitude awareness and change.
Discussion consists of a sequence of posted messages.
Discussion contains the weekly discussion forum assignment.
Discussion continues about what to do in other circumstances.
Discussion continues after hypnosis, when the patient is fully alert.
Discussion continues after the hypnosis, when the person is fully alert.
Discussion continues afterward on an electronic bulletin board.
Discussion continues around software licensing, authentication, authorization, and security issues.
Discussion continues as the party moves deftly forward through the aircraft.
Discussion continues describing the wetland mitigation process.
Discussion continues for about two weeks, after which another topic is posted.
Discussion continues for each area of effort until a consensus on a rating is met.
Discussion continues in Harrisburg on the issue of assisted living.
Discussion continues on expanding the number of steps in the librarian series.
Discussion continues on formulating procedures for the research and interview process.
Discussion continues on Malaysian church, social and economic conditions, and muslims in Malaysia.
Discussion continues on paving and drainage projects in the business area.
Discussion continues on some of the ethical issues, both in terms of conflict and capacity.
Discussion continues on the advisability and desirability of summer meetings.
Discussion continues on the distinction between board policies and administrative rules.
Discussion continues on the specifics of the funding.
Discussion continues on the thorny question of how to define young-adult books.
Discussion continues on various topics for up-coming programs.
Discussion continues on what argument is.
Discussion continues to establish a new deadlines.
Discussion continues until students have enough information to create projects.
Discussion continues weekly with new transcripts of discussions added as time progresses.
Discussion continues with no decisions yet.
Discussion continues, slowly winding down into blankets and sleeping bags.
Discussion covers core program areas common to all personnel on campus.
Discussion covers debugging, compilation and library maintenance.
Discussion covers definitions, methods, economic foundations, politics, culture, and religion.
Discussion covers direct mail, advertising strategies, web sites, seminars and more.
Discussion covers genetic and other risk factors, anticoagulation therapy, and return to play.
Discussion covers the relationship between instruction behaviors and reference behaviors.
Discussion Decompose the component's interface and implementation into orthogonal class hierarchies.
Discussion Demonstrate the correct procedure for removing a tick.
Discussion develops introduction and supports conclusion.
Discussion develops the students' ability to organize and present their ideas to others.
Discussion diverts attention from the flow of the story.
Discussion dominates the lecture time.
Discussion emphasizes design for enterprise-wide data integration.
Discussion encompasses a spectrum of sound personnel methods.
Discussion encompasses both hand and machine knit wear.
Discussion encompasses such subjects as patronage, regionalism, ethnicity, and gender.
Discussion encompasses what and how much to assign and how to evaluate the tapes.
Discussion encourages cooperative learning rather than competitive learning.
Discussion encourages students to move from the thinking of the teacher to their own thinking.
Discussion enjoy across lots variation if costing bicycling.
Discussion ensues about what the solution to the case is.
Discussion examines ways to be safe online.
Discussion exercises, using the company's own forms, enable participants to build skills.
Discussion exists regarding whether cosmetic ingredients actually penetrate the skin.
Discussion expands and integrates the work experience to enhance management decision-making skills.
Discussion explain and interpret data.
Discussion Explain the advantages of coprophagia, rumination, trituration.
Discussion flows out to the lunchrooms and snack bars, into the gym, through e-mail.
Discussion focus on pp.
Discussion focus upon timely topics as they appear in the professional publications.
Discussion focuses around assigned readings that change quarterly.
Discussion focuses on academic preferences, personality types, lifestyle choices and values.
Discussion focuses on alternatives to improve learners' texts.
Discussion focuses on anticipated changes in the home and characteristics of the newborn.
Discussion focuses on anything that has to do with leaving high school and starting college.
Discussion focuses on areas of instruction, methods, evaluation, materials and resources.
Discussion focuses on art, art theory, and the relation of both to European history.
Discussion focuses on assigned class readings about human migration and cultural persistence.
Discussion focuses on case conceptualization, diagnostic and treatment issues.
Discussion focuses on clearcut logging, forest management, and forest policy.
Discussion focuses on close reading and revision of student writing.
Discussion focuses on community-based solutions for hunger and homelessness.
Discussion focuses on contributions of labour and materials as well as in cash.
Discussion focuses on current legislative, court and administrative actions that affect paralegals.
Discussion focuses on current political issues from a sociological perspective.
Discussion focuses on difficulty in making revenue stream from any air force operation.
Discussion focuses on direct mail, inserts, and other paid new-business sources.
Discussion focuses on estate planning and administration issues.
Discussion focuses on family, gender, cultural difference.
Discussion focuses on how each document medium represents a translation of the original work.
Discussion focuses on how marketing research fits the decision-maker's needs.
Discussion focuses on how mythic stories reflect psychological dynamics.
Discussion focuses on implications of elderly crime victimization on law enforcement.
Discussion focuses on living arrangement options and factors to consider in making housing choices.
Discussion focuses on management and differential diagnosis.
Discussion focuses on music by women composers and related topics.
Discussion focuses on overcoming the financial stumbling blocks to brownfield redevelopment.
Discussion focuses on people's perception of groups as entities and agents.
Discussion focuses on practical applications.
Discussion focuses on preparing for and conducting interviews in an individually effective manner.
Discussion focuses on problems and strategies.
Discussion focuses on religion, literature, art, and media.
Discussion focuses on self-efficacy and social and cultural contexts.
Discussion focuses on solutions to problems in context of Indian communities.
Discussion focuses on strengths and weaknesses of traditional planning and regulatory mechanisms.
Discussion focuses on student manuscripts in a workshop setting.
Discussion focuses on subject matter taught in grades observed.
Discussion focuses on team management, rhythm interpretation, treatment options, and common errors.
Discussion focuses on the behavior of great powers and the applicability of theory to policy.
Discussion focuses on the computer portion of the procurement card program.
Discussion focuses on the diversity of types of employment found.
Discussion focuses on the extent and impact of human factors in simulator training.
Discussion focuses on the functions of attitude for one's self-concept.
Discussion focuses on the history of the Yiddish language and cultural heritage.
Discussion focuses on the rationale and practical issues of factor analysis.
Discussion focuses on the relations and roles of men and women.
Discussion focuses on the social and health care issues of adulthood.
Discussion focuses on the two groups and their reasons for being at the celebration.
Discussion focuses on their particular issues.
Discussion focuses on training, technical assistance, and programmatic issues.
Discussion focuses on victims' rights and building empathy for the many victims of crime.
Discussion focuses on ways to coordinate expectations, interface design, and task objectives.
Discussion focuses on winter adaptations, food storage, and methods of food packaging.
Discussion focuses upon the forms of capitalism in the Western world and various kinds of socialism.
Discussion focusses on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Discussion Following are steps to request the e-mail notifications.
Discussion following papers is regarded as an essential form of communication.
Discussion follows a logical sequence of development.
Discussion follows about what it takes to work well together.
Discussion follows and coffee is served throughout.
Discussion follows and nominations from the floor are opened.
Discussion follows article.
Discussion follows as participants wend their way through each book.
Discussion follows at end.
Discussion follows at the next meeting.
Discussion follows each lecture.
Discussion follows each presentation.
Discussion follows film.
Discussion follows on the benefits of cooperation.
Discussion follows the experiment.
Discussion follows the film.
Discussion follows the lessons.
Discussion follows the moderated approach.
Discussion follows the order of the text rather than being shaped by the structure of an argument.
Discussion follows the performance.
Discussion follows the presentation.
Discussion follows the reading and then an open mike.
Discussion follows the tasting of each wine.
Discussion follows which allowsparticipants to reflect on the consequences of alcohol abuse.
Discussion follows with all the students.
Discussion follows, comparing and contrasting the endings.
Discussion follows, consensus is attempted, voting is done if no consensus is reached.
Discussion follows, pp.
Discussion formulates conclusions from the data that warrant further study.
Discussion fosters an atmosphere in which participants feel free to ask any questions they have.
Discussion Go through the following menu screens.
Discussion goes a long way for awareness and education, but now is the time for action.
Discussion goes on, and at the end creative activities can be assigned.
Discussion goes well beyond the confines of the title.
Discussion guides with every video.
Discussion happens usually in Finnish but English discussion is possible too.
Discussion happens, but both are firmly resolved.
Discussion has also take place on the possibility of having the picture change periodically.
Discussion has to be real discussion.
Discussion Have a class member tell about the restoration of the priesthood.
Discussion Have class members tell how they can help make home a happier place.
Discussion Have class members tell how they have benefited at some time from kind acts of service.
Discussion Have class members think of a favorite thing they possess.
Discussion Have someone read or quote the fifth article of faith.
Discussion Have someone read or quote the sixth article of faith.
Discussion Have someone read the first article of faith.
Discussion Have students summarize the factors that contribute to global warming.
Discussion Having safe, sterile containers is of concern when processing hotfill products.
Discussion helps to link back to the larger lecture.
Discussion here aims to interpret the operations of ritual behavior in several distinctive contexts.
Discussion here can start one place and end in entirely another.
Discussion here covers all aspects of the pharmacy profession.
Discussion includes a legal framework for standards of compliance.
Discussion includes a wide range of topics from cultural notes to grammatical points.
Discussion includes advice on preventing and overcoming credit problems.
Discussion includes all aspects of life in the Carolinas.
Discussion includes animation of all types, education, techniques, and equipment.
Discussion includes being careful about technical requirements assumed.
Discussion includes both clinical and electrophysiologic criteria for precise localization.
Discussion includes both practical information and short-term emotional support.
Discussion includes both the northern and the southern dynasties.
Discussion includes buying, selling, collecting, trading, bootlegs, current events.
Discussion includes buying, selling, collecting, trading, boots, current events.
Discussion includes cardiac risk factors and ways to reduce their impact.
Discussion includes consideration of problems in planning and constraints on economic development.
Discussion includes cultural issues.
Discussion includes demonstration of vectors and techniques.
Discussion includes disagreement with other student comments and analysis.
Discussion includes discussion of relevant examples of descriptors for each group.
Discussion includes emotional issues about caring for a loved one and coping techniques.
Discussion includes emotional issues about caring for a loved one.
Discussion includes fundamental information and solutions to industrial problems.
Discussion includes goals and activities for the year, cadet comments and ideas.
Discussion includes guidelines that can be applied when designing the interface for software.
Discussion includes how theory applies to the groups different corporations.
Discussion includes ideas for keyboard improvements, screen improvements, and software improvements.
Discussion includes identification of risk factors and lifestyle adjustments.
Discussion includes implications for computer system design.
Discussion includes input from students, professors and alumni.
Discussion includes Internet access on a budget.
Discussion includes introduction to digital color theory.
Discussion includes journal articles, medical economics, and interesting cases.
Discussion includes journal articles,medical economics, and interesting cases.
Discussion includes leadership's accountability to work and family and whether both can be served.
Discussion includes legalities of operating or owning a radar or laser jamming device.
Discussion includes lifestyle factors, investing practices and estate planning.
Discussion includes lighting, mounting procedures, and close-up tables.
Discussion includes macroinvertebrates, freshwater fish, turtles, water birds and mammals.
Discussion includes many issues such as the needs of the handicapped and special needs population.
Discussion includes migratory labor issues and investment opportunities.
Discussion includes mutual funds, technical analysis and spiders.
Discussion includes myths and realities of sex differences.
Discussion includes options and choices to maximize the cesarean birth experience.
Discussion includes original German text and English translation.
Discussion includes other Roman terms of reference for relative strength and weakness.
Discussion includes planets, comets, asteroids, the moon, and a constellation point out.
Discussion includes precedent-setting cases relating to the topic.
Discussion includes procedures for filing appeals and change proposals.
Discussion includes productivity.
Discussion includes psychotherapy, drugs and hospitalization.
Discussion includes real-life case studies.
Discussion includes recommendations for further research.
Discussion includes research and issues that are most critical to the client's business.
Discussion includes salaries, job opportunities, and what it takes to make it in the field.
Discussion includes selection of the modality appropriate to patient's pathophysiological condition.
Discussion includes some of the factors that make a web page successful.
Discussion includes strategies for engaging freelance writing markets.
Discussion includes strategies for protection and growth of principal.
Discussion includes symptoms, diagnosis, treatment alternatives, complications and personal impact.
Discussion includes technical information, experiences, impressions, and parts sources.
Discussion includes the application of scripture to everyday life and personal sharing.
Discussion includes the concepts of heterozygote advantage and genetic equilibrium.
Discussion includes the moral issues of health care quality, right to life and right to death.
Discussion includes the pain and grief of relinquishment, as well as support for search and reunion.
Discussion includes the possibility of objective knowledge and the nature of scientific revolutions.
Discussion includes tips for motivating reluctant writers.
Discussion includes today's interior and exterior lighting and related electronic controls.
Discussion includes topics on cell molecules, nuclear and cell division and ploidy levels.
Discussion includes topics such as repertoire, performances, research, makers, etc.
Discussion includes types, finishes, and nosing.
Discussion includes what students can do to show their concern about environmental issues.
Discussion Indicate the significance of the work.
Discussion initially focuses on different management techniques and a variety of worker responses.
Discussion involves active listening and sharing information.
Discussion involves expanding personal vision and exploring new techniques to achieve goals.
Discussion involves high level thinking, critical thinking skills.
Discussion involves the curriculum design and web site design processes and problems encountered.
Discussion is a beginning to help sharing and caring.
Discussion is a chance to try out a view and have live, real-time response to it.
Discussion is a concerted effort to improve the public works process.
Discussion is a crucial tool solidifying the material and thinking beyond a cursory level.
Discussion is a key part of each session which build on learners' strengths.
Discussion is a major component of the course.
Discussion is a pre-req for action.
Discussion is a regular part of the course, so come prepared to discuss the readings.
Discussion is a simple strategy to implement in the classroom.
Discussion is a staple of most meetings.
Discussion is a useful activity.
Discussion is about making an e-commerce venture work.
Discussion is about PDAs in general as an information technology tool.
Discussion is absolutely vital to the site.
Discussion is acceptable as long as temperments are kept down.
Discussion is aimed at helping children identify and describe emotions.
Discussion is already underway to incorporate Chile.
Discussion is also an important element of the grade.
Discussion is also an important part of the course.
Discussion is also highly encouraged on the newsgroup.
Discussion is also more formal than conversation, with tacit or explicit rules.
Discussion is also open for the many foreign weather satellites.
Discussion is also underway regarding the re-roofing to be completed in late summer.
Discussion is also underway to change their IP addresses and rerouting their Internet connection.
Discussion is also very important and helpful.
Discussion is always enthusiastic, sometimes heated.
Discussion is always good.
Discussion is always lively before and after playoff games.
Discussion is always welcome there.
Discussion is always welcome.
Discussion is an effective way of answering questions raised by reading and lecture material.
Discussion is an essential part of the history learning process.
Discussion is an exchange of intelligence.
Discussion is an important element of the grade.
Discussion is an important means to develop analytical skills.
Discussion is an important part of class.
Discussion is an important part of many classes.
Discussion is an important part of the class.
Discussion is approached from the avenues of classical and irreversible thermodynamics.
Discussion is appropriate anytime.
Discussion is around commonalities, differences, and conflicts to build bridges between groups.
Discussion is asynchronous, there are no specific discussion or chat times required.
Discussion is at least as important as the actual voting.
Discussion is balanced.
Discussion is based on a newspaper article and a student group worksheet is included.
Discussion is based on a theologically-oriented book.
Discussion is based on daily written analyses of the readings.
Discussion is based on the International Lesson Series.
Discussion is basically logical and each paragraph supports the thesis, but lacks depth and insight.
Discussion is bilingual in French and English.
Discussion is called for on the main motion.
Discussion is centered around the effects of social change in an industrial society.
Discussion is centered on corporate culture, expectations held by the employee and the institution.
Discussion is centered on health benefits for current employees and annuitants.
Discussion is central to our course.
Discussion is central to the course and informed participation influences grades.
Discussion is closed.
Discussion is communication
Discussion is communication.
Discussion is complete, thorough, and mostly correct.
Discussion is concerned generally with the development and understanding of knowledge.
Discussion is conducted by e-mail.
Discussion is conducted in a polite and friendly manner.
Discussion is confined to finds of blue and red dyes due to limitations of the technology.
Discussion is considered an important part of American education.
Discussion is conversational rather than argumentative.
Discussion is critical.
Discussion is cross cultural.
Discussion is crucial in a seminar course.
Discussion is crucial, as are the arts of listening and asking questions.
Discussion is cumulative and the group moves together.
Discussion is currently underway concerning a future meeting of the Dialogue.
Discussion is dedicated to all things related to forms, e-documents and information systems.
Discussion is deferred until next meeting.
Discussion is directed towards assessing the overall effectiveness of operators for such machines.
Discussion is divided into four overlapping sections.
Discussion is emphasized within the context of focused debates.
Discussion is emphasized, and substantial student writing is required.
Discussion is encouraged and babysitting is available.
Discussion is encouraged and independent research on a term paper is required.
Discussion is encouraged and is, indeed, required.
Discussion is encouraged and many involvement exercises are built into each training program.
Discussion is encouraged and moderators are members of the class.
Discussion is encouraged and preferred.
Discussion is encouraged and the style is more interactive than lecture.
Discussion is encouraged as an integral part of the learning process.
Discussion is encouraged as is student-procured, outside material relevant to topics being covered.
Discussion is encouraged at the conclusion of each paper and session.
Discussion is encouraged between audience and lecturer concerning the selective topics.
Discussion is encouraged in lectures.
Discussion is encouraged in the mailing list.
Discussion is encouraged on all topics ranging from current digs to linguistics to virtual temples.
Discussion is encouraged on reading assignments and reactions to films.
Discussion is encouraged or solve problems.
Discussion is encouraged to be free-flowing, open, and informal.
Discussion is encouraged.
Discussion is enhanced.
Discussion is essential for an understanding and appreciation of the literature.
Discussion is essential.
Discussion is extended through the use of authentic video excerpts.
Discussion is filled with depth and insight.
Discussion is fine, just no advertising.
Discussion is focused on issues or events.
Discussion is focused on observing in the NW, local events, clubs, websites, weather, etc.
Discussion is free and open to the public.
Discussion is free, and just about anything can be affirmed and proved.
Discussion is free-flowing but purposive.
Discussion is free-form.
Discussion is friendly and encouraging.
Discussion is friendly and fairly informal.
Discussion is friendly and informal, and new members are always welcome.
Discussion is general and open to the interests and ideas of all members.
Discussion is general, vague, undeveloped, and often digressive, rambling, and incoherent.
Discussion is generally more formal than newsgroups.
Discussion is generally short but question and answer generally addresses discussion type issues.
Discussion is generated as group reports are examined by the whole class.
Discussion is given of how to properly isotropically average the results of simulations.
Discussion is given on the implications of the results.
Discussion is good when it's about what's happening in Atrium.
Discussion is good, debate is good, anything that makes people think is good.
Discussion is good.
Discussion is grade based on participation and relativity of discussion to topic.
Discussion is graded on the quality of the comments.
Discussion is handled on a listserv.
Discussion is healthy as long as there is mutual respect.
Discussion is healthy.
Discussion is heavily moderated - even filtered to extract the most useful contributions.
Discussion is held and includes the topic of boating under the influence of alcohol.
Discussion is held during regular meeting.
Discussion is held mostly in Finnish.
Discussion is held on issues and policy making.
Discussion is held on preparation before a hurricane comes to land.
Discussion is important and encouraged .
Discussion is important here so that everyone focuses on the same goal or goals.
Discussion is important in the public sector.
Discussion is important to understanding the issues of difference and diversity.
Discussion is important.
Discussion is in both French and English.
Discussion is in confidential group sessions broken down by rank and sex.
Discussion is in English, is informal and all are encouraged to contribute.
Discussion is in progress now.
Discussion is in Russian.
Discussion is in the context of America's perpetual wars against Iraq, Serbia and others.
Discussion is in the target language and is based on selected readings in that language.
Discussion is included on postpartum and postabortion contraceptive options.
Discussion is included regarding more precise definitions of finite element model complexity.
Discussion is inevitable.
Discussion is informal and friendly.
Discussion is informal.
Discussion is informed by the thesis throughout the body and conclusion.
Discussion is infrequent and sometimes esoteric.
Discussion is initiated by one or two invited speakers on a selected topic.
Discussion is initiated by requesting support for the proposal.
Discussion is initiated by sending an e-mail to the list address.
Discussion is initiated in two ways.
Discussion is interpretation, meaning, and significance.
Discussion is intrinsically inefficient.
Discussion is invited at the meeting.
Discussion is invited on what to call it.
Discussion is invited.
Discussion is lead by different people as new topics are presented.
Discussion is led to chaos in world history.
Discussion is left on line for the course of an academic year.
Discussion is left on-line until the conference administrator deletes it or archives it.
Discussion is limited to a single treatment field and a water or tissue phantom.
Discussion is limited to career related issues and questions.
Discussion is limited to career-related issues and questions.
Discussion is limited to chronic fatigue syndrome.
Discussion is limited to factors which can potentially lower conception rate on a herd-wide basis.
Discussion is limited to the novel.
Discussion is limited to the propriety of postponing.
Discussion is limited to the short story.
Discussion is lively and focuses on tools to use in the classroom.
Discussion is lively, opinionated and friendly.
Discussion is lively, sometimes heated, always heartfelt.
Discussion is lively.
Discussion is located in meetings.
Discussion is made as to the range, average costs, and trends since last year.
Discussion is made using an electronic mail.
Discussion is mixed with lecture and laboratory work in a rather informal setting.
Discussion is moderated, and all student work is published online.
Discussion is moderated.
Discussion is monitored and held to high standards of professional courtesy.
Discussion is more interesting and informative.
Discussion is more on personalities than on issues.
Discussion is more than conversation, which is generally informal and unstructured.
Discussion is mostly about movies.
Discussion is moved by student-generated questions rather than predetermined textbook questions.
Discussion is much more productive.
Discussion is needed about hidden requirements in general education and in majors.
Discussion is needed to establish some guidelines and procedure.
Discussion is needed.
Discussion is now underway to establish new models for the researcher-publisher relationship.
Discussion is offered and area of future study identified.
Discussion is often direct and emotional.
Discussion is often frank and sexually explicit.
Discussion is often intensive and threads can be very long and detailed.
Discussion is often misunderstood or undervalued as a way of learning.
Discussion is often technical but all levels of experience are welcomed.
Discussion is often trivial and boring and bereft of persuasive reason.
Discussion is on a variety of entomology-related topics.
Discussion is on house rules, family values, communication and protecting against substance abuse.
Discussion is on pp.
Discussion is on the debian-vote list.
Discussion is on the mailing list.
Discussion is one of the most effective ways to learn science material.
Discussion is one of the most productive ways to help students recall information.
Discussion is one thing.
Discussion is ongoing as to how best to accomplish that objective.
Discussion is on-going regarding sustainable funding models and scope.
Discussion is ongoing regarding the purchasing and installing of a sign for the front of the school.
Discussion is ongoing surrounding the professoriate study group report.
Discussion is ongoing.
Discussion is only valuable if it is purposeful.
Discussion is open and free-wheeling, and debate is encouraged.
Discussion is open forum, and the decisions of the caucus is final.
Discussion is open to all active members.
Discussion is open to all conference attendees.
Discussion is open to all vocalists and jazz types.
Discussion is open to all, members, prospective members, and the curious.
Discussion is open to any variety of plant, chemicals or equipment used to propagate plants.
Discussion is open to anyone wishing to deepen their understanding of the use of herbal medicine.
Discussion is open to anything list members wish to discuss.
Discussion is open to cover the topics worldwide in general.
Discussion is open to individuals and vendors.
Discussion is open to prayer, posts about treatment and day to day events of members lives.
Discussion is open, go for it.
Discussion is organized into threads.
Discussion is our main mode of engagement.
Discussion is part of the learning process, and it's very important.
Discussion is part of their learning.
Discussion is permitted about any entheogen.
Discussion is permitted and encouraged.
Discussion is possible during live presentations.
Discussion is posted on the course discussion board.
Discussion is preferred way to deliver class material.
Discussion is prevalent, and students are actively engaged in learning and leadership.
Discussion is quite free, and there often is considerable diversity of opinion.
Discussion is relaxed afterwards.
Discussion is relevant to group task.
Discussion is reopened.
Discussion is required.
Discussion is restricted primarily to the selection everyone has read.
Discussion is restricted to Celtic subjects and related material.
Discussion is restricted to the selection that everyone has read.
Discussion is scheduled for a later time.
Discussion is segmented so that key topics are easy to recognize.
Discussion is serious-minded, frank, and occasionally intense.
Discussion is sometimes outspoken, sometimes irreverent but always fascinating.
Discussion is speechs.
Discussion is sporadic but focused.
Discussion is spurred by presentation of interesting cases on the service.
Discussion is squelched when young people feel pressured to resolve all issues.
Discussion is still the same.
Discussion is stimulated by student reading of personal narratives.
Discussion is structured to consider questions focusing on key principles and problem areas.
Discussion is superior on measures of problem-solving and scientific methods.
Discussion is supplemented by a faculty expert.
Discussion is supplemented with laboratory demonstrations.
Discussion is supplemented with laboratory experiments.
Discussion is supported by clinical cases.
Discussion is the basis of the plays.
Discussion is the best way to fully explore a question or issue.
Discussion is the class format.
Discussion is the equalizer.
Discussion is the essential groupware application, distinct from email and complementary to it.
Discussion is the essential groupware application, distinct from e-mail and complementary to it.
Discussion is the most important part.
Discussion is the most important portion of the paper.
Discussion is the name of the game.
Discussion is the only hope of evaluating that.
Discussion is the only way to deal with the important issue of space.
Discussion is the only way to make information known.
Discussion is the path that leads to discovery and demonstration.
Discussion is the place to begin.
Discussion is the section which offers the opportunity of communication with others.
Discussion is the way to find out.
Discussion is then open to all for three weeks before moving on to the next paper.
Discussion is threaded.
Discussion is to be open to take place before any and all votes begin.
Discussion is underway about having village elders advise the court.
Discussion is underway for next year's meeting.
Discussion is underway now for our next flick pick.
Discussion is underway regarding a telecommuting center.
Discussion is unmoderated and open to all.
Discussion is useful, but by itself isn t enough to manage risk.
Discussion is usually lively.
Discussion is usually the best means for empowering student groups.
Discussion is valuable- but slanging matches are unprofessional.
Discussion is varied and free flowing.
Discussion is very explicit.
Discussion is very important in an online class.
Discussion is very important in learning concepts.
Discussion is vital to an open and intellectual state of being.
Discussion is weak, lacking an adequate understanding of the functions and uses of light.
Discussion is weak, lacking an adequate understanding of the issue.
Discussion is welcome and encouraged.
Discussion is welcome for any variation of the name anywehre, anyplace, anytime.
Discussion is welcome on issues pertinent to the California library community.
Discussion is welcome on the mailing list .
Discussion is welcome.
Discussion is welcomed before the event.
Discussion is welcomed.
Discussion is well worth reading.
Discussion is, of course, welcome.
Discussion is, with no doubt, indispensable for learning bioethics, anywhere in the world.
Discussion isa communication.
Discussion Join in our online discussion group for issues around the region.
Discussion jumps from server technologies to scripting hints to university website policies.
Discussion keeps a house alive.
Discussion keeps turning to board governance.
Discussion lead about the program by English department grad students.
Discussion leads to a joint decision to make a choice.
Discussion leads to introduction of rhythm in music.
Discussion leads to naming and categorizing all species.
Discussion leads to the ethical dilemmas that frequently confront physicians and families.
Discussion leans towards no.
Discussion Let's begin our discussion.
Discussion lists A convenient listing of lists on various aspects of Spanish history.
Discussion lists foster conversation among subscribers.
Discussion lists Some are devoted to finding work, eg.
Discussion lists topical forums through which subscribers exchange subject-specific email.
Discussion Look at literature reviews as a group and discuss.
Discussion makes for peer testing of ideas.
Discussion means batting it back and forth like a ping pong game.
Discussion means sharing ideas.
Discussion mentions some low-cost construction methods with prices per square foot.
Discussion mostly focuses on pedagogy and methodology, with the occasional nod toward technology.
Discussion moves on to the next item.
Discussion moves to long-term strategies for the club to remain viable in the future.
Discussion moves to student demographics and how they affect collaboration.
Discussion needs to be planned.
Discussion needs to occur and conscious decisions made.
Discussion needs to result in the identification of lakes and stream waters where pollution occurs.
Discussion needs to take place concerning fall registration process.
Discussion now centers around issues of professional standards and mediator certification.
Discussion now concerns the program's next phase.
Discussion -Now discuss the experiment from earlier in the lesson.
Discussion now shifts to locate the 'leading forces' of struggles.
Discussion occurs before motions are made and seconded.
Discussion occurs focusing on the potential usefulness of several information resources.
Discussion occurs for a few minutes.
Discussion occurs in associated conferences in the forum system.
Discussion occurs in several ways through both large and small group activities.
Discussion occurs on the zodb-dev mailing list.
Discussion occurs within newsgroups which cover every conceivable topic.
Discussion offer a truly educational experience.
Discussion offers students an opportunity to develop sharing and cooperative skills.
Discussion opens with presenters agreeing or disagreeing, after the initial presentations.
Discussion operates on a win-lose model.
Discussion Penetrating urinary bladder injuries in childhood are very rare.
Discussion peters out.
Discussion plays an important role in reading and writing activities.
Discussion points Indonesia is more populous than Brazil, Russia, Japan and Nigeria.
Discussion points on readings from last time.
Discussion presupposes adequate preparation by teacher and students.
Discussion Preventing harmful introductions is the highest priority.
Discussion proceeds from there.
Discussion promotes deep understanding of text.
Discussion promotes freedom of speech, thoughts, and ideas.
Discussion promotes understanding and brings out many new ideas.
Discussion Provides a visual representation of the files and directories on disks.
Discussion provides an opportunity for parents to digest new insights in relation to existing ideas.
Discussion provides practical advice for testifying at trial.
Discussion provides the opportunity for different views to be presented and defended.
Discussion ranges from high-performance modification and racing to everyday care and maintenance.
Discussion ranges from the deeply involved and concerned to the very light-hearted.
Discussion ranges over every word if the objectives are being developed 'in committee'.
Discussion re conservation easements.
Discussion re user web seminars and file maintenance.
Discussion Read the sacrament prayers one sentence at a time.
Discussion really means to break things up.
Discussion Refer again to the hand and glove.
Discussion refers to maps created to accompany the report.
Discussion regarding information about birth control is utilized in secondary and tertiary efforts.
Discussion related to health promotion and disease prevention continues.
Discussion relates to practical use of food law.
Discussion relies on a minimal number of sometimes biased sources.
Discussion relieve upon little plow although endorse decorating teen bedrooms.
Discussion remains open.
Discussion requires attendance, preparation and participation.
Discussion requires good communication.
Discussion requires student skills as well as teacher skills.
Discussion reveals little understanding of any models.
Discussion reveals that tuberous sclerosis has been ruled out.
Discussion Review the baptismal covenants.
Discussion Review the elements of an effective action plan to design personal wellness.
Discussion revolves around implementing strategies and opportunities for future training.
Discussion revolves around mutual grief support and sibling survivor issues.
Discussion revolves around mutual grief support and suicide survivor issues.
Discussion revolves around mutual grief support and survivor issues.
Discussion revolves around prevention issues as well as mutual support.
Discussion revolves around reasons students give for their choices.
Discussion revolves around the appropriate processes for a variety of situations and settings.
Discussion revolves around the fragments of biodiversity, climate change, desertification, etc.
Discussion seems to be focusing on required general education courses.
Discussion seminars every other day.
Discussion Seminars Open to everyone - tickets required.
Discussion serves practice Our discussion serves, directly or indirectly, to support our activity.
Discussion serves several purposes.
Discussion Serves to interpret the results without repeating.
Discussion Show a food recipe or a dress pattern.
Discussion Show a picture of a temple.
Discussion Show the relationship between the hypothesis and a particular result.
Discussion Show the relationship between the hypothesis and the primary result.
Discussion shows relationship to theory.
Discussion Sign up for our various email discussion lists.
Discussion spans the gamut, from how to insta ll an update to how to configure a mailing list.
Discussion spans the gamut, from how to install an update to how to configure a mailing list.
Discussion speculates about causes of the cultural evolution of values.
Discussion stays in the room.
Discussion stays on target with minimal digressions.
Discussion still welcome.
Discussion surfaces some emotionally charged issues.
Discussion Take to be the unit sphere, so that plane is the equatorial plane.
Discussion takes place around the common questions, concerns, and feelings of the group.
Discussion takes place as the grading is performed.
Discussion takes place at the Austrian table before the session.
Discussion takes place by posting messages for everyone to read.
Discussion takes place in a climate of intense critical debate.
Discussion takes place in groups of four or fewer.
Discussion takes place in the newsgroup comp.mail.misc.
Discussion takes place on an email list server and revolves around newsworthy issues.
Discussion takes place via a bulletin board forum where opinions are expressed and shared.
Discussion takes practice, just like everything else.
Discussion takes the form of a debate with a win-lose approach.
Discussion Talk about anything pokemon here.
Discussion teaches more than dictums.
Discussion template a folder for establishing a format for threaded discussions.
Discussion tends to center around group business.
Discussion tends to focus on political issues.
Discussion tends to stay on track, without jumping to unrelated topics.
Discussion then can lead to division and rigidity.
Discussion then focuses on the nature of and methods for analyzing boundaries in space.
Discussion then follows about the basis for the score.
Discussion then moves back to the original motion.
Discussion then moves to all the other elements on the board.
Discussion then moves to an explanation by each party of the issues on appeal.
Discussion then proceeds organically, with the moderators exercising a minimal degree of control.
Discussion then shifts to the subject of funding the computer requests.
Discussion then turns from the vast oceans to the far smaller freshwater resources.
Discussion There can be many explanations to why an item occurs more, or less, in particular texts.
Discussion There can be more allocated memory than the current array length.
Discussion Use a coherent, logical organization.
Discussion Use the discussion area to have an open forum with other members.
Discussion uses a metaphor of friendship to discuss a relational and ethical model for leadership.
Discussion varies with each program's theme.
Discussion works much better if students are seated in a circle or semi-circle rather than in rows.
Discussion works well in diversity or health class.
Discussions again take place on the vrml-conf mailing list.
Discussions allow and encourage a healthy and interesting exchange of ideas over the net.
Discussions allow students to become active participants in their learning.
Discussions also appear following news articles.
Discussions also arise from many other topics.
Discussions also cover how the Internet is growing, changing, and impacting business.
Discussions also focus on how federal processes interface with state and local policy-making.
Discussions also focus upon issues at the workplace.
Discussions appear to be favorable.
Discussions apply real world events to textbook chapter contents.
Discussions apply to both science and non-science students.
Discussions are a cooperative activity that requires listening, speaking, and arguing skills.
Discussions are a key component of the class.
Discussions are a mental fight of the egos involved.
Discussions are a well-established method of teaching that clusters utilize.
Discussions are about all aspects of aerial photography from equipment to business and technique.
Discussions are already under way.
Discussions are already underway for sites in California and New York.
Discussions are already underway in some capacity.
Discussions are already underway to develop initiatives by each working group.
Discussions are also active about Harlem, jazz history and culture.
Discussions are also afoot on setting aside seamounts as ocean reserves.
Discussions are also important in the workplace or in situations where a group decision is required.
Discussions are also on for a possible new issue to add to funds.
Discussions are also ongoing concerning local review of plans for fire safety.
Discussions are also part of the study process.
Discussions are also pending with China and India.
Discussions are also under way with major industry players concerning partnership agreements.
Discussions are also underway about the possibility of enlarging the car park.
Discussions are also underway for an agreement on avoiding double taxation.
Discussions are also underway on possible legislative corrections and adjustments to the act.
Discussions are also underway to establish a fine arts portfolio.
Discussions are also underway to explore making laptops available to upperclassmen as well.
Discussions are also underway to hold future International forums in Australia and England.
Discussions are also underway to link the two institutions via computer.
Discussions are also underway to provide plugin access for laptops in the area.
Discussions are also underway with additional potential broadcast partners for the network.
Discussions are always lively and faculty attendance remains high.
Discussions are always lively and heartfelt.
Discussions are always lively.
Discussions are always on a technical level that is understood by the client.
Discussions are an essential part of the course.
Discussions are an important part of the online experience.
Discussions are an integral part of the course.
Discussions are apt to be livelier, deeper, and more interesting.
Discussions are at a preliminary stage.
Discussions are both formal and informal and moderated by mathematics professionals.
Discussions are central to the course and usually focus on a current article in the news.
Discussions are certainly lively here.
Discussions are clean, uplifting, and enjoyable.
Discussions are collegial, meaning amongst working professional colleagues.
Discussions are common.
Discussions are completely confidential.
Discussions are concurrent and as numerous as the number of defined tasks and subject areas.
Discussions are confidential in keeping with professional standards.
Discussions are confidential.
Discussions are continuits near our joint border.
Discussions are currently in progress to resolve the situation.
Discussions are currently in progress with the relevant territory governments.
Discussions are currently on between the state government and the central government.
Discussions are currently under way in several other cities, including New York.
Discussions are currently under way with the provincial government.
Discussions are currently underway for expanding the program to include a large number of students.
Discussions are currently underway in South Africa, Argentina, Japan and France for future sites.
Discussions are currently underway on putting together the distribution agreements.
Discussions are currently underway regarding continuation of the project.
Discussions are currently underway regarding pathways into postgraduate courses.
Discussions are currently underway to arrange the technical details.
Discussions are currently underway to create a display in that area highlighting the plaque.
Discussions are currently underway to firm up plans for the facility.
Discussions are currently underway to obtain a survey of that site.
Discussions are currently underway to resume the distributions as soon as possible.
Discussions are currently underway with a large telecommunications company.
Discussions are currently underway with a number of interested league sponsors.
Discussions are currently underway with another party, but are moving slowly.
Discussions are currently underway with the affected departments.
Discussions are detailed, cautious, and often pessimistic.
Discussions are eclectic.
Discussions are exercises in collective sense-making.
Discussions are extremely broad.
Discussions are far-reaching.
Discussions are few and far between.
Discussions are fine, but please take it off-line the moment it starts looking more like a debate.
Discussions are for the student's benefit.
Discussions are frank, open and questions are greatly encouraged.
Discussions are free and open to any business interested in improving their bottom line.
Discussions are free and open to the public, so no ticket is required.
Discussions are free and open, friendly and fair.
Discussions are free for ticketholders.
Discussions are frequently adversarial, and stalemate is too often the result.
Discussions are friendly and open to all.
Discussions are fun and lively, the books varied, and the company good.
Discussions are generally academic in nature and shared among the faculty members.
Discussions are generally administrative in nature and shared among staff.
Discussions are generally lively.
Discussions are generally unrestrained.
Discussions are good, cat fights are bad.
Discussions are great places to get tips from other filmmakers.
Discussions are habitually necessary in courts of justice which are unfit for female ears.
Discussions are hard to carry on around a post, or in a classroom with a long, narrow shape.
Discussions are in a civil tone that viewers can understand.
Discussions are in as much depth as available time permits.
Discussions are in depth and to the point.
Discussions are in English.
Discussions are in half-day segments, leaving ample room for both depth and interaction.
Discussions are in hand with potential investors and strategic partners.
Discussions are in Italian only.
Discussions are in place to bring other quality services, including retail stores, to the area.
Discussions are in process with others.
Discussions are in progress concerning the microfilming of papers.
Discussions are in progress on how it can be most useful.
Discussions are in progress regarding a CD from the show.
Discussions are in progress to see if problems can be overcome.
Discussions are in progress to that end.
Discussions are in progress with colleagues from other universities.
Discussions are in progress with companies with the capability of producing such a terminal.
Discussions are in progress with several hospital administrations in Sweden, Norway and Finland.
Discussions are in progress.
Discussions are in the English and Russian languages.
Discussions are in the English language.
Discussions are in the preliminary phase.
Discussions are informal and informative.
Discussions are informal and non-attributable.
Discussions are informal.
Discussions are interactive and thought provoking, and provide valuable information for all parents.
Discussions are just honest.
Discussions are lead by practicing lawyers and judges.
Discussions are lead by students.
Discussions are limited to animals legal to keep.
Discussions are limited to computers.
Discussions are limited to issues pertaining to both women and computing.
Discussions are limited to twenty participants including the guest speaker and moderator.
Discussions are lively and can sometimes become free-wheeling and occasionally, argumentative.
Discussions are lively and the ideas, interesting.
Discussions are lively but always respectful of different paths people are on.
Discussions are lively, and each member of the team has a chance to participate.
Discussions are lively, and the topics are widely varied.
Discussions are lively.
Discussions are mainly in English, but some Spanish is used.
Discussions are more vigorous.
Discussions are mostly about set, props, lighting and sound but any backstage topics are welcome.
Discussions are mostly qualitative and emphasize understanding.
Discussions are necessary and vital to understanding any new or updated information.
Discussions are now under way to expand the building.
Discussions are now under way to resolve the case without litigation.
Discussions are now underway in the Philippines to introduce a similar system.
Discussions are now underway to flesh out an action plan.
Discussions are off the record most of the time.
Discussions are often frank and of a confidential nature.
Discussions are often lively and interesting.
Discussions are often task oriented and members are often intent on problem solving.
Discussions are on just about anything from natural history to archaeology.
Discussions are on regarding the modalities of the agreement between the two.
Discussions are on the way with countries in all regions.
Discussions are on with an associates in other places.
Discussions are ongoing about how and when to build human settlements on other worlds.
Discussions are ongoing about how best to address the disparities of special population groups.
Discussions are ongoing about the future of the other stores.
Discussions are ongoing about the possibility of keeping the music major.
Discussions are ongoing as to how to publicize the plan.
Discussions are ongoing for the design of such a study.
Discussions are ongoing on the revised vibration levels required by the launcher.
Discussions are ongoing regarding budget planning for the next biennium.
Discussions are ongoing regarding the establishment of centres in Toronto and Vancouver.
Discussions are ongoing regarding various methods of raising revenue and evaluating needs.
Discussions are ongoing to get the right message across to the landowners.
Discussions are ongoing to try and find some organisation willing to undertake the project.
Discussions are ongoing with changes in legislation to follow.
Discussions are ongoing with other potential partners likely to participate with equity investments.
Discussions are ongoing with other soybean stakeholder groups.
Discussions are ongoing with power suppliers to examine alternate power supply options.
Discussions are ongoing with the French authorities on the reports implications.
Discussions are ongoing with the remaining provinces and territories to do the same.
Discussions are ongoing with the wall issue appearing to be in limbo.
Discussions are ongoing, so check back often.
Discussions are ongoing, so feel free to check in and participate at any time.
Discussions are ongoing.
Discussions are open and exciting, especially on the tough topics.
Discussions are open and friendly.
Discussions are open and interactive for all members.
Discussions are open and wide ranging.
Discussions are open free to all interested people.
Discussions are open in any language.
Discussions are open to the public.
Discussions are open, and suggestions are most welcome.
Discussions are open, so get reading and start chatting.
Discussions are open, welcoming any topic or idea.
Discussions are part of life here.
Discussions are part of the process.
Discussions are perfectly acceptable during any commercial breaks or intermissions.
Discussions are powerful, and very informative.
Discussions are quite frank.
Discussions are rationally and critically oriented.
Discussions are relevant to the social work related issues.
Discussions are serious and requests for scholarly information are often posted here.
Discussions are sometimes lively.
Discussions are sometimes wide-ranging.
Discussions are still in process.
Discussions are still in progress about such a venture.
Discussions are still ongoing.
Discussions are still open on how.
Discussions are still under way for playing some games in neighboring Kenya and Zimbabwe.
Discussions are still under way with other possible members.
Discussions are still under way, with a number of matters still requiring resolution.
Discussions are still underway about a final approach.
Discussions are still underway, but preliminary information was exchanged.
Discussions are still underway.
Discussions are strengths based and solution-oriented.
Discussions are the heart of the seminar.
Discussions are to be held in front of posters.
Discussions are to be in English.
Discussions are to be open and constructive.
Discussions are to center on recent developments in the Arab world.
Discussions are to include the management of volunteers and volunteer activity.
Discussions are to remain centered around homeschooling.
Discussions are under way between the parties and no final agreement has been reached.
Discussions are under way for a hotel, and more.
Discussions are under way for bringing the exhibition to the United States.
Discussions are under way regarding additional locations.
Discussions are under way to bring other U.S. companies into the consortium.
Discussions are under way to establish a pilot program with the transit authority.
Discussions are under way to establish such settings in other research and administrative areas.
Discussions are under way to include several concerts in Italy.
Discussions are under way to involve other research institutions in several countries.
Discussions are under way with a number of other industry partners to join.
Discussions are under way with France, Australia and Britain.
Discussions are under way with many others.
Discussions are under way with six other institutions in Canada, the U.S.A. and France.
Discussions are under way.
Discussions are underway about the development of new centers in Nicaragua and Guatemala.
Discussions are underway among Halifax institutions for a metropolitan area dark fibre network.
Discussions are underway for a pharacokinetics study in newborns.
Discussions are underway for a tour of several European countries after that.
Discussions are underway for a TV series based around the Difficult Personalities book.
Discussions are underway for an agreement with a production site.
Discussions are underway for further investment in equipment and expansion of Dubai's ports.
Discussions are underway in Bradford to review admissions in schools.
Discussions are underway on extending community use of the sports and other campus facilities.
Discussions are underway on the extension of the exemptions system.
Discussions are underway regarding re-installation of the emergency siren at the fire station.
Discussions are underway regarding the use of a standardized course management system across campus.
Discussions are underway to add another six month hospital-based stint to be licensed.
Discussions are underway to align with another developer to create a truly immersive RPG experience.
Discussions are underway to attempt to reschedule the performance for the spring semester.
Discussions are underway to bring other U.S. companies into the consortium.
Discussions are underway to develop such an initiative in Oregon.
Discussions are underway to ensure staff specially trained to counsel children are also available.
Discussions are underway to fill the position of site director for the general science program.
Discussions are underway to have a major project funded by a consortium of corporations.
Discussions are underway to identify two corridors for the evacuations.
Discussions are underway to investigate additional enhancements to the forecast product suite.
Discussions are underway to investigate joint environmental science initiative.
Discussions are underway to negotiate similar accords with Chile and Singapore.
Discussions are underway to settle on a location and date.
Discussions are underway to solicit funding from Maine's advanced technology industry.
Discussions are underway to unify the search and retrieval part of the protocol.
Discussions are underway with a number of companies that have expressed interest.
Discussions are underway with a number of fabricators and heavy equipment manufacturers.
Discussions are underway with a view to staging a north of England pub quiz tournament.
Discussions are underway with both networks to determine the level of participation.
Discussions are underway with international carriers to acquire initial wavelengths.
Discussions are underway with managed care firms to attract their support.
Discussions are underway with neuroscience, cog science, and human science.
Discussions are underway with other agencies to try to broaden the support base.
Discussions are underway with other clients to explore customized helpdesk services.
Discussions are underway with other industry investors.
Discussions are underway with other prospective investors.
Discussions are underway with other state medical societies.
Discussions are underway with other statutory bodies to streamline documentation and cargo flow.
Discussions are underway with Portugal, Spain and Greece.
Discussions are underway with potential suppliers.
Discussions are underway with prospective tenants for the retail spaces and restaurant.
Discussions are underway with several authors, artists and photographers.
Discussions are underway with several companies concerning cooperative efforts.
Discussions are underway with several other potential partners.
Discussions are underway with several other sponsors to be announced.
Discussions are underway with the h ouse regarding possible coverage.
Discussions are unmoderated and open to anyone on the world wide web.
Discussions are usually very robust and informative.
Discussions are very interesting and honest.
Discussions are vigorous and open.
Discussions are vigorous.
Discussions are welcome but insults are beyond discussion.
Discussions are welcome, but in an educated and reasoned manner.
Discussions are well advanced with a number of major firms, both within and serving the industry.
Discussions are where the participants actually leave messages for one another.
Discussions are, again, limited by the participant s ability to communicate and expertise.
Discussions attracts casual viewer to historian and even noted journalists.
Discussions based on individual preparations Always try to come to class with questions.
Discussions blend encouragement and support with incisive and informed critique.
Discussions can be about any ska bands around the world.
Discussions can be about culinary herbs, or about legends regarding their magical properties.
Discussions can be both public or restricted to people in certain user groups.
Discussions can be brief or go on for months, as long as there are interested participants.
Discussions can be more beneficial because the online environment creates a level playing field.
Discussions can be off track.
Discussions can be open-ended or focused on a specific topic.
Discussions can be private or open and are free to members.
Discussions can center around school, family or community issues.
Discussions can center around some of the data accumulated.
Discussions can complement the educational activities of a course.
Discussions can continue until class begins.
Discussions can cover any related topic, including transactions, questions, and commentary.
Discussions can easily turn into heated, unfriendly arguments.
Discussions can focus on all areas of rescue.
Discussions can go on without people being stupid.
Discussions can include legal and tax matters, funding, insurance, etc.
Discussions can include technique, hunting sites, product reviews, and facts about grouse.
Discussions can lose their focus very quickly simply because many views are being expressed.
Discussions can move glacially.
Discussions can often be difficult if too many students are involved.
Discussions can only take place in a tolerant, respectful atmosphere.
Discussions can range from informal classroom discussions to very formal presentations.
Discussions can take many forms, including the asking of questions.
Discussions can take place in a variety of ways.
Discussions can take place informally in the space provided in the library.
Discussions can then continue indefinitely.
Discussions can vary, from the practical to the deeply spiritual.
Discussions center around areas of concern, stress, growth and the pressures of society.
Discussions center around developing effective and efficient user interfaces for the web.
Discussions center around fifteen talks given by laity and clergy.
Discussions center around fifteen talks given by youth and adult laity and clergy.
Discussions center around pain control, integrative therapy, nutrition and spirituality.
Discussions center around safety and comfort.
Discussions center around software problems and fixes, hardware implimentation and upgrade support.
Discussions center around technical and mechanical matters, driving techniques, and trip reports.
Discussions center around the latest in technology for all kinds of products and services.
Discussions center around topics of general interest.
Discussions center on analysis of scientific papers related to lecture topics.
Discussions center on current planning issues with the guest planner using specific examples.
Discussions center on current trends, policies of service, and other relevant issues.
Discussions center on establishing a community of virtue fostering moral and ethical development.
Discussions center on how to design concise websites with maximum effectiveness and no fluff.
Discussions center on Internet business strategy.
Discussions center on interpretations of the fossil record and hypotheses about the history of life.
Discussions center on papers covering an aspect of informatics or applications.
Discussions center on special issues facing women in management.
Discussions center on the criminal justice system.
Discussions center on the implications for host countries of denying individuals refugee status.
Discussions center on the interrelationships between points, lines, triangles and quadrilaterals.
Discussions center on the strategic decision-making processes.
Discussions center on whether fieldbus offers any savings as far as wiring the plant.
Discussions challenge students to think about lecture concepts from a different angle.
Discussions change weekly.
Discussions concernant les modems.
Discussions concernant notamment les documentalistes.
Discussions concerning funding are ongoing with various private sources and foundations.
Discussions concerning other Australian tramways are welcome.
Discussions concerning the legitimation of reductionist positions are a complicated enterprise.
Discussions concerning The Marketing Game are also likely to appear on exams.
Discussions consider experimental methods and observations as well as theories and generalizations.
Discussions consider issues of judgment typically faced by auditors in practice.
Discussions consider political, sociological, and economical factors.
Discussions consider, marketing, operations, engineering, and management issues.
Discussions contain messages.
Discussions continue about a water feature.
Discussions continue among interested parties to clarify the sponsor s intent.
Discussions continue at the annual research forum where an action plan is generated.
Discussions continue during the current fiscal year.
Discussions continue en route to and over dinner, and continue afterwards.
Discussions continue in several afternoon sessions.
Discussions continue informally between and after sessions.
Discussions continue into the summer.
Discussions continue on county-based purchasing and the waivers.
Discussions continue on how best to collaborate.
Discussions continue on how best to contract for the building bids.
Discussions continue on interim arrangements for other salmon stocks in the north and south.
Discussions continue on northern salmon stocks.
Discussions continue on the draft.
Discussions continue regarding archiving and interactive forms.
Discussions continue regarding budget planning for the next biennium.
Discussions continue regarding improvement of housing in the Village of Canton.
Discussions continue through the summer while final funding decisions are being reached.
Discussions continue to finalize all remaining conditions of the agreement.
Discussions continue with federal officials over issues.
Discussions continue with pizza.
Discussions continue with several agencies and institutions for new content partnerships.
Discussions continue with several companies to manufacture and distribute the product.
Discussions continue with several venues.
Discussions cover a wide range of topics from student services to creation of new programs.
Discussions cover all aspects of the industry.
Discussions cover design, railings, type of wood and hardware, and, if time allows, stairs.
Discussions cover leading economic indicators, employment and income data, and housing.
Discussions cover many topics, including current news and issues from the Kingdom of Tonga.
Discussions cover medical web applications.
Discussions cover new or used cars, motor sports, RVs, and motor homes.
Discussions cover the origins, present workings, and future of the oceans.
Discussions cover the roles of public relations and advertising in society and business.
Discussions cover theory, history, and technical concerns.
Discussions cover topics of professional interest selected by the group members.
Discussions deal primarily with MIAs and reconstruction aid.
Discussions deal with the themes of each holiday as well as topics of general Jewish interest.
Discussions deal with topics of current interest.
Discussions deal with various problems in both developing and industrialized countries.
Discussions don t have a winner or a loser.
Discussions drag out over days, weeks, or months.
Discussions emphasize critical analysis and synthesis.
Discussions emphasize current events.
Discussions emphasize developments in current literature.
Discussions emphasize direct application to similar challenges in the workplace.
Discussions emphasize important anatomical concepts.
Discussions emphasize the differences of the parties.
Discussions emphasize the relationship between basic neuroscience and physiological psychology.
Discussions encourage students to read closely and think clearly in order to write more effectively.
Discussions examine the interrelationship of image, technique, and communication.
Discussions exercise skills of debate and challenge.
Discussions explore all aspects of the Buddhist teachings.
Discussions explore the relationship of theory to methodology and classroom practice.
Discussions extend outside the classroom as well.
Discussions extend to images lingering in popular culture.
Discussions extend to which brews go best with which foods.
Discussions facilitates the exchange of ideas, problems, and solutions.
Discussions focus on a variety of classical and contemporary readings applicable to leadership.
Discussions focus on alcohol, other drug use, abuse, and violence.
Discussions focus on applying Christian faith to college life.
Discussions focus on applying the insights of classical philosophers to contemporary issues.
Discussions focus on classical and current primary literature.
Discussions focus on current corrosive engineering problems and research.
Discussions focus on diversity awareness and strategies to enhance productivity through team effort.
Discussions focus on diversity, anatomy, movement, feeding, and protection of fish species.
Discussions focus on dramaturgy, production techniques, and styles.
Discussions focus on drug effects over the entire life span.
Discussions focus on drug therapy monitoring skills.
Discussions focus on geography, geology, ecology, anthropology, and public policy.
Discussions focus on geology, riparian ecology, and land management issues.
Discussions focus on how to develop standards and effective reporting systems.
Discussions focus on individual and group counseling approaches with adolescents.
Discussions focus on individual and specialized patient conditions and appropriate care.
Discussions focus on interpretation of results.
Discussions focus on issues of sustainability.
Discussions focus on literary analysis.
Discussions focus on major themes reflecting aspects of Chinese society and culture.
Discussions focus on new and controversial directions of study.
Discussions focus on past and current cases of crimes against children as well as other victims.
Discussions focus on peace, conditions in Gulf.
Discussions focus on peer pressure and advertising.
Discussions focus on personal, academic, and career growth.
Discussions focus on recent works that challenge the way that administrators define their tasks.
Discussions focus on required readings and screenings, as well as on student research projects.
Discussions focus on resolution, image size management and scanning formulas.
Discussions focus on selected short stories and poems.
Discussions focus on the Bible as it relates to current day life.
Discussions focus on the Bible's application to our lives today.
Discussions focus on the communication of content and the accomplishment of intent.
Discussions focus on the development of writing style and organization.
Discussions focus on the implications of the legal situations in management.
Discussions focus on the integration of mass communication history, law, theory and research.
Discussions focus on the location and quality of Internet health resources.
Discussions focus on the management and policy implications of the science.
Discussions focus on the updating and format of information.
Discussions focus on understanding color and developing the composition and techniques.
Discussions focus upon timely topics as they appear in the professional publications.
Discussions follow an evidence-based approach with a review of the pertinent literature.
Discussions follow each investigation to summarize essential ideas.
Discussions follow screening.
Discussions follow some of the events, all of which are free.
Discussions follow some plays.
Discussions follow which lead to intuitive understandings of commutativity.
Discussions follow, and faculty members evaluate the knowledge andskills acquired by the students.
Discussions follows each weekly presentation.
Discussions force students to think through the issue being discussed.
Discussions function best when people respect the differences among list members.
Discussions give a feeling of the problems faced by the practicing indexer.
Discussions go beyond providing fresh food and water and routine veterinary visits.
Discussions grow out of reading literary works, viewing films, and sharing homilies.
Discussions guide students to respond to the meanings and interpretations of texts they read.
Discussions happen frequently and the atmosphere is surprisingly helpful.
Discussions has visitor feedback.
Discussions have changed with corporate buyers, Boston says.
Discussions have many threads.
Discussions have threads, which are composed of an initial post and all replies to it.
Discussions held in comfortable, appropriate surroundings are sure to be more productive.
Discussions Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Discussions help facilitate better understanding of how logic connects with real life.
Discussions help students build opinions and realize that there are many points of view.
Discussions here tend to devolve with depressing speed into cheap slanging matches.
Discussions highlight recent controversies within the field.
Discussions includes feather angle, shaft length, blade area and crankshafts.
Discussions incorporate many recent advances brought about by recombinant DNA technology.
Discussions involve all facets of qualitative research.
Discussions involve technical problems encountered in tuning and servicing pianos.
Discussions involve the agents causing diseases and the therapeutic methods used to correct.
Discussions involve the monitoring and encouraging everyone's participation.
Discussions is a place where public messages are posted.
Discussions is essential but difficult in a large course.
Discussions is one such idea.
Discussions is the place to seek and offer advice.
Discussions is very active.
Discussions Join one of the many mountain biking discussions.
Discussions Join our on-going discussion of abortion issues and experiences.
Discussions Join our on-going discussion of domestic violence issues and experiences.
Discussions lead by an adult can dramatically improve the value of almost any program.
Discussions lead to analysis of author's style.
Discussions lead to the following conclusion.
Discussions led by an adult can dramatically improve the value of almost any program.
Discussions make TV time a less passive activity.
Discussions move from the concrete to the abstract and analytical.
Discussions now range from winter preparation to new products and cultural practices.
Discussions occur in associated forums.
Discussions occur in real time.
Discussions occur one hour prior to the show time in the auditorium.
Discussions offers a robust set of functions for building communities.
Discussion's over . .
Discussions precede each seminar.
Discussions print on a separate page when the document is printed.
Discussions probably take place more frequently, with colleagues at work, or in external seminars.
Discussions proceed on the following lines.
Discussions promote the exchange of ideas and the expression of individuality.
Discussions provide the background needed to carry out projects.
Discussions providing good service in independent study programs often focus on participant needs.
Discussions raise interesting new ideas.
Discussions range from brags about individual poodles to technical health and training problems.
Discussions range from content integration to student intervention.
Discussions range from domicile to marriage.
Discussions range from engineering education to real life work experiences.
Discussions range from entertainment and politics to science and the media.
Discussions range from general grad problems to teacher training to writing grant proposals.
Discussions range from mechanical music in Italy, to music boxes, to player pianos.
Discussions range from novice to expert information relating to personal computers and applications.
Discussions range from organic gardening to Catholic intentional communities.
Discussions range from personal to global issues.
Discussions range from restaurants to cooking to single malts.
Discussions range from safety tips to road rage.
Discussions range from sale postings to the merits of various craft.
Discussions range from the paranormal to the scientific.
Discussions range from theology and liturgics to local and global concerns.
Discussions range over all of economics.
Discussions range over epistemology, metaphysics, and the philosophy of language.
Discussions reflect a high value for thoughtful, informed debate.
Discussions reflect diverse aspects of the problem and assignments.
Discussions regarding agricultural biotechnology usually take on a futuristic tone.
Discussions regarding assessments and accountability also have inherent challenges.
Discussions regarding dissemination of the data have yet to take place.
Discussions regarding joint funding arrangements and closer collaboration are on-going.
Discussions regarding other areas of science and technology are also welcome.
Discussions regarding renewal or modification of the program are underway.
Discussions regarding the blockage of non-rated programs is a separate issue.
Discussions regarding the sale of other domestic and foreign business units are ongoing.
Discussions regularly take place between staff on challenges and opportunities for development.
Discussions reinforce their positions.
Discussions relate the course topics to students personal experience.
Discussions relate the course topics to students' personal experience.
Discussions related to board games, jigsaw puzzles, and related topics are fair game here.
Discussions related to composting and the beneficial use of organic materials are welcome.
Discussions relating to all aspects of building energy analysis are welcome here.
Discussions remain ongoing for a grant proposal to spread the osteopathic word within the community.
Discussions require problem solving.
Discussions rest on unstated, unexamined, and tenuous assumptions.
Discussions revolve around all aspects including technical, political, social and military.
Discussions revolve around evangelism, the small is beautiful approach.
Discussions revolve around maintenance and propogation of aquatic plants.
Discussions revolve around many different issues.
Discussions run from technology to social issues surrounding the Internet.
Discussions run from the mundane to the pyrotechnic.
Discussions seek to shift the emphasis from teacher to student to teaching to learning.
Discussions start on one subject and then veer off into others.
Discussions start to get punchy as people wait for the magic time.
Discussions still are under way for other banking partners to store water at Semitropic.
Discussions stress historical development and authors treatments of tradition and modernity.
Discussions stress historical development and authors' treatments of tradition and modernity.
Discussions stress human alterations to aquatic ecosystems and their effects on organisms.
Discussions summarize how to extend and customize services.
Discussions sur la creation de nouveaux groupes fr.
Discussions sur la securite des firewalls et Internet.
Discussions surround what is a woman's right as opposed to a privilege, and what is society's right.
Discussions take place around the issues of causes of crime and crime rates.
Discussions take place both in class and on an informal basis.
Discussions take place in an asynchronous mode.
Discussions take place in the context of review of filmic material.
Discussions take place in virtual classrooms via email lists and Web conferencing.
Discussions take place on a mailing list and at meetings.
Discussions take place on a private Internet mailing list.
Discussions take place on a special mailing list .
Discussions take place on many matters affecting the lives of lesbians and gay men.
Discussions take place over time using email or message boards.
Discussions take place over working lunches hosted by a participating organization.
Discussions take place there and documents are posted for exchange there as well.
Discussions take place through email.
Discussions take place via email.
Discussions take place within a forum .
Discussions take the form of articles and responses to articles.
Discussions take the place of one-sided lectures.
Discussions teach ways of expressing ideas.
Discussions tend to be overly deferential to the guest.
Discussions tend to be seasonal, following the Northern Hemisphere growing season.
Discussions tend to be very intelligent and often lengthy, with some very long posts involved.
Discussions tend to cause groups to filter each other out.
Discussions tend to close down after senior members express strong views.
Discussions tend to focus on specific funds or investment strategies.
Discussions then center on what was done in class, study skills, complaints, etc.
Discussions there revolve around network security, techniques, tools, and vulnerabilities.
Discussions turn into invaluable contacts.
Discussions typically continue through each of the three daily meals.
Discussions vary and include homework assignments.
Discussions vary from room to room.
Discussions Welcome to our discussion web jumping off point.
Discussions Welcome to our online bulletin boards and discussion forums.
Discussions Welcome to our support group.
Discussions always get better as the semester goes along .
Discussions always leads to better points of view.
Discussions frequently lead to expanded ideas and references.
Discussion often falls into the hands of incompetent practitioners.
Discussion often helps to clarify what was said.
Discussion often leads to defending one's position.
Discussion often opens up as students hear classmates read and discuss something they, too, enjoyed.
Discussion often surrounds the appropriateness of medical care and adherence to standards.
Discussions often deteriorate into lengthy flames and pointless monologues.
Discussions often go on for hours.
Discussions often lead to new, clear views.
Discussions often run to politics.
Discussions often spill over into lunch time, when faculty regularly join participants at the table.
Discussion sometimes does.
Discussion sometimes focuses on recovering lost technology, initially basic objective processes .
Discussions sometimes become very animated but a thoughtful tone is always welcome.
Discussions sometimes degenerate to flame sessions.
Discussions sometimes occur with the class as a whole, sometimes in small groups.
Discussion usually ensues.
Discussion usually follows.
Discussion usually lasts about an hour.
Discussion usually lasts for one and a half.
Discussion usually leads to a better working relationship as well as a better working environment.
Discussion usually takes place at the annual meeting with focus on a previously selected topic.
Discussions usually cover a wide range of topics.
Discussions usually involve the proper ratio of silver to gold.
Discussions usually lead nowhere because of the differences in culture.
Discussions usually range from scanning and image editing to printing and illustration.
All discussion ceases.
All discussion involves both systems theory and the symbolic interactionist approach.
All discussion is confidential and the office is a place to help people feel they have been heard.
All discussion is held and resolved during the meeting so no one leaves frustrated.
All discussion is in Spanish.
All discussion is to be carried out in a courteous and civilised manner.
All discussion is to be related to victim assistance and services.
All discussion now hinges on how keys are used for asymmetric algorithms.
All discussion occurs online via e-mail.
All discussion seems to take place in the above newsgroup.
All discussion stops.
All discussion takes place in real time.
All discussion therefore relating to sick leave or sick time is inapplicable.
All discussions are confidential .
All discussions are confidential and are held without obligation.
All discussions are confidential and information is disclosed only with permission of the student.
All discussions are confidential and information is transmitted only with permission of the student.
All discussions are confidential and information is transmitted only with the student's permission.
All discussions are confidential, of course.
All discussions are confidential.
All discussions are free and open to the campus community and public.
All discussions are free and open to the public, subject to availability.
All discussions are free and open to the public.
All discussions are free.
All discussions are in private, and what is said is confidential.
All discussions are in strict confidence.
All discussions are in the discovery stage.
All discussions are informal and off the record to encourage information sharing.
All discussions are of course completely confidential and entirely without obligation.
All discussions are out in the open now.
All discussions are public.
All discussions are still free and open to everyone.
All discussions are strictly confidential.
All discussions are uncensored and all activities are unmonitored.
All discussions are useless.
All discussions form part of the participation grade.
All discussions given here are very generalized.
All discussions held in group sessions are to remain confidential within the group.
All discussions held in the dean's office are confidential.
All discussions relate to effects of factors on ecosystems, ecosystem contents and processes.
All discussions remain confidential to the extent policies and the law permit.
All discussions remain confidential.
All discussions take place in the target language.
All discussions tend to be vigorous, thoughtful and undertaken with a requisite sense of humor.
All discussions welcome, but please no advertising.
Any discussion ends up being a tour of California's great wine growing regions.
Any discussion involving medical records is incomplete without mentioning confidentiality.
Any discussion involving the enigmatic neutrino seems bound to generate a difference of opinions.
Any discussion is better than none.
Any discussion regarding any type of bowling accessories is welcome here.
Any discussion regarding the Tent Footage is completely irrelevant.
Any discussion requires a shared language or concept.
Every discussion begins with a question.
Every discussion begins with the premises of whatever method is about to be covered.
Every discussion clarifies things.
Every discussion ends in a battle.
Every discussion has an issue.
Every discussion inevitably touches upon the nonpayment of dues by certain member states.
Every discussion is followed by an evaluation of the program.
Every discussion is held in the mailing list.
Every discussion now seems to be dominated by a debilitating culture of limits.
Many discussions can take place at once, each in a separate channel.
Many discussions happens on the group's mailing list.
Many discussions involve philosophical and strategic issues which impact the budget.
More discussion follows later.
More discussion follows.
More discussion is certainly welcome.
More discussion is in committee minutes.
More discussion is just more confusing.
More discussion is needed on how to develop such a framework and create a consensus around it.
More discussion is needed on labour's strategy for the further emancipation of women.
More discussion is needed.
More discussion is planned at Winter Cup.
More discussion is required on practical aspects of fitting Little Rock into the sampling plan.
More discussion is required.
More discussion needs to be done.
More discussion needs to happen in Washington.
More discussion needs to occur before a decision can be made.
More discussions are available via the archive .
Most discussion comes from practitioners rather than academics.
Most discussion is on consumer issues pertaining to computers or the internet.
Most discussion is on consumer issues pertaining to computers or the Internet.
Most discussions are about combat racing, but other topics are welcomed.
Most discussions are marine fish or reef related.
Most discussions are open to the entire campus community.
Most discussions are quite informal and operate with a conversational tone.
Most discussions are quite thorough and the authors make very compelling arguments.
Most Discussions are too long and verbose.
Most discussions center on the leading surface of the expansion.
Most discussions focus around the concept of immunity.
Most discussions focus on the how-to s of living with a chronic illness.
Most discussions go around text search, however, there is probably more to be found.
Most discussions seem to center around the economics of the two choices.
Most discussions seem to pit Asian American males and females against each other.
Most discussions treat sexual orientation as a dichotomy between heterosexual and homosexual.
Much discussion appears concerning the difficulties and shortages of colonial circulating medium.
Much discussion goes on in health care circles as to what to call what chiropractors do.
Much discussion is had and everyone comes away better informed.
Much discussion is likely to follow.
Much discussion is needed to clarify public health's role in alternative healthcare.
Much discussion occurs among rose-growers as to the proper height to plant.
Much discussion revolves around crossing county and district lines in Extension.
Much discussion takes place on email lists, though the groups do meet periodically.
Some discussion exists on how to correlate the Aztec calendar to our common datesystem.
Some discussion follows about exactly what is meant by preliminary report.
Some discussion is acceptable and healthy.
Some discussion is given also.
Some discussion is here.
Some discussion is included.
Some discussion is needed to determine the final approach used.
Some discussion is presented related to the strain data fluctuation during the cutting process.
Some discussion makes more discussion easier.
Some discussion regarding order of exponents is in order.
Some discussions are based on activities, some are independent.
Some discussions are deep, some are very light.
Some discussions are for specific user groups and as such are password protected.
Some discussions are more profitable when they are conducted in a relaxed and cosy framework.
Some discussions are ongoing.
Some discussions are quite technical, while others are very basic.
Some discussions can be quite dynamic with a lively exchange of ideas and opinions.
Some discussions can get fairly technical.
Some discussions can stretch on for days, weeks, even months.
Some discussions contain language or pictures about subjects intended for adult audiences.
Some discussions last no more than a few minutes, while others can go on for much longer.
Some discussions stand alone, and some discussions are part of an ongoing series.
Disdain is dislike
Disdain is ill suited to beauty, for beauty is rooted in profound and enduring sentiments.
Disdain is the common wisdom among foreign institutional investors toward China's B shares.
Disdain looks down on the lowly and thus celebrates the established hierarchy.
Disease agents cause diseases in plants and animals.
Disease carriers are common, however, and new infection can spread to non-exposed animals.
Disease management reduces cost.
Some disease management includes conventional treatments.
Some disease management includes treatments.
Diseases of plants are caused by fungi, bacteria, viruses, mollicutes, and nematodes .
Diseases of plants are diseases of the soil.
Diseases of poverty demand the attention and cooperation of the entire world community.
Disease outbreaks cause mortality.
Some disease outbreaks kill carabaos.
Some disease outbreaks result in extinction.
Disease patients receive therapy.
Disease rates decrease with better sanitation, nutrition, water supplies, etc.
Most disease registries are either hospital based or population based.
Disease severity has effects.
Disease severity has significant effects.
A disease is an illness
Disease enters through the roots and plugs water conducting vessels.
Disease flourishes on tender new growth.
Disease isa illness.
Disease isa sickness.
Disease moves upward as the season progresses.
Disease thresholds for powdery mildew, septoria, and leaf rust in winter wheat.
Disease waits for no one.
Diseases affect ability.
Diseases affect animals.
Diseases affect both quality and yields of harvested crops.
Diseases affect brain functions.
Diseases affect children.
Diseases affect domestic animals.
Diseases affect elk populations.
Diseases affect functions.
Diseases affect growth.
Diseases affect health.
Diseases affect human survival.
Diseases affect humans.
Diseases affect individuals.
Diseases affect internal organs.
Diseases affect joints.
Diseases affect kidney functions.
Diseases affect lab animals.
Diseases affect life.
Diseases affect multiple internal organs.
Diseases affect multiple organs.
Diseases affect organ tissue.
Diseases affect organs.
Diseases affect other animals.
Diseases affect other organs.
Diseases affect people.
Diseases affect production efficiency and profitability.
Diseases affect productivity.
Diseases affect quality.
Diseases affect respiration.
Diseases affect sexual organs.
Diseases affect structure functions.
Diseases affect survival.
Diseases affect tissue.
Diseases affect water quality.
Diseases affect white clover growth.
Diseases affect wild animals.
Diseases affecting muscles include polymyositis, dermatomyositis and inclusion body myositis.
Diseases affecting the cardiovascular system are called cardiovascular disease .
Diseases affecting the nervous system are common in sheep and goats.
Diseases affecting the nervous system can directly repress sexual desire.
Diseases afflict humans.
Diseases aggravated by air pollution include chronic sinusitis, bronchitis, asthma and allergies.
Diseases aggravated by air pollution include chronic sinusitis, bronchitis, asthma, and allergies.
Diseases also are responsible for reductions in grain and seed quality.
Diseases also cause avoidable pain and suffering to many animals.
Diseases also mask the effect of parasitism and thus they are considered before parasitism.
Diseases also start by mutation or other genome altering mechanisms.
Diseases also take their toll, with rabies and distemper being the most common.
Diseases also threaten Georgia's forests.
Diseases appear and men die prematurely.
Diseases appear to the right listed alphabetically.
Diseases appearing in European bison populations can bring serious threats to the whole species.
Diseases are a constant threat to poultry.
Diseases are a frequent cause of poor rooting.
Diseases are a major cause for the rapid decline of cantaloupes after the first harvest.
Diseases are a part of nature.
Diseases are a part of the natural world.
Diseases are a standing problem when one tries to mass rear insects for whatever reason.
Diseases are a transitory, intermediary, future state of health.
Diseases are acute or chronic.
Diseases are almost unknown among Icelandic horses.
Diseases are also a threat to spinach.
Diseases are also of concern in the soybean crop.
Diseases are among the threats facing corals.
Diseases are an important method of natural insect control.
Diseases are an ongoing part of nature.
Diseases are capable of kill.
Diseases are capable of strikes.
Diseases are carried by cockroaches.
Diseases are carried by common cockroaches.
Diseases are carried by rodents.
Diseases are caused by bacterial infection.
Diseases are caused by bacterial organisms.
Diseases are caused by blood parasites.
Diseases are caused by deadly microbes.
Diseases are caused by deficiencies.
Diseases are caused by equine influenza viruses.
Diseases are caused by equine viruses.
Diseases are caused by exposure.
Diseases are caused by fungal pathogen.
Diseases are caused by genus.
Diseases are caused by germ.
Diseases are caused by herpes viruses.
Diseases are caused by infection.
Diseases are caused by influenza viruses.
Diseases are caused by iodine deficiencies.
Diseases are caused by microbes.
Diseases are caused by microbial pathogen.
Diseases are caused by mutation.
Diseases are caused by novel pathogen.
Diseases are caused by organisms.
Diseases are caused by other organisms.
Diseases are caused by parasites.
Diseases are caused by pathogen.
Diseases are caused by pox viruses.
Diseases are caused by protozoan parasites.
Diseases are caused by rabies viruses.
Diseases are caused by reaction.
Diseases are caused by several different viruses.
Diseases are caused by squirrel pox viruses.
Diseases are caused by the presence and action of specific microorganisms.
Diseases are caused by viruses.
Diseases are caused by vitamin c deficiencies.
Diseases are caused by vitamin d deficiencies.
Diseases are characterized by symptoms.
Diseases are collectively the most severe biological problem facing enset.
Diseases are conditions resulting from either an excess or deficiency of functionating.
Diseases are due to bad or immoral life-style and behaviors.
Diseases are evil, as is the action of bacteria.
Diseases are few.
Diseases are here listed under the season in which they are generally first noticed.
Diseases are illnesses.
Diseases are important in determining the success or failure of watermelon production in Georgia.
Diseases are independent, they can be categorized, and each disease has a cause.
Diseases are infrequent and can usually be avoided by rotating carrots annually.
Diseases are like spelling mistakes in a normal gene.
Diseases are likely to be involved in some cases.
Diseases are likely to have had a major hand in driving some species to extinction in recent years.
Diseases are listed according to hosts at end.
Diseases are located in hospitals.
Diseases are located in hosts.
Diseases are located in human bodies.
Diseases are located in labs.
Diseases are located in rugs.
Diseases are more common in older people .
Diseases are more common in older people.
Diseases are more difficult to control.
Diseases are more of an issue for basil-lovers.
Diseases are more prevalent in areas of higher rainfall than in dryer regions.
Diseases are mostly of the scorbutic class.
Diseases are much more effectively controlled on a preventative rather than a curative basis.
Diseases are often most damaging to over-fertilized, intensively managed turfs.
Diseases are only one cause of poor plant growth.
Diseases are physical.
Diseases are potentially present in used house water only where occupants are ill.
Diseases are problems, and problems can be solved.
Diseases are rare on foliage and flowering plants.
Diseases are rare, insects seem to dislike.
Diseases are result of unnatural diet.
Diseases are so bad.
Diseases are specific entities constituting specific problems and requiring specific solutions.
Diseases are spread by infection .
Diseases are spread by infection.
Diseases are surely soon to abound, with the poor sanitation due to the shortage of clean water.
Diseases are the least common cause of headache.
Diseases are the major limiting factor for improving productivity in scavenging systems.
Diseases are the producer's greatest enemy.
Diseases are transmitted by mosquitoes.
Diseases are unlikely to affect all species the same way.
Diseases are used for killing.
Diseases are used for power.
Diseases are usually more frequent and serious in late season and during periods of high humidity.
Diseases are usually much more severe in lawns with a heavy thatch.
Diseases are usually species-specific.
Diseases are worse in dry parts of the year and when soil fertility is low.
Diseases arise .
Diseases associate with deficiencies.
Diseases associate with deposition.
Diseases associate with magnesium deficiencies.
Diseases associate with vitamin a deficiencies.
Diseases associated with environmental factors are highly concentrated among the poor.
Diseases attack skin.
Diseases attack tissue.
Diseases attacking the cocoa plant mean cocoa stocks are falling.
Diseases become endemic in cities.
Diseases become more easily transmissible in and between the two populations.
Diseases become rampant.
Diseases become rare events.
Diseases become so deadly when they slip outside their normal ecological niche.
Diseases begin to spread.
Diseases being studies include hypertension, diabetes, dementia, depression and sexual dysfunction.
Diseases bring slow and agonizing deaths to people.
Diseases build up in the plants over the years, causing fruit production to drop gradually.
Diseases can affect any part of the heart.
Diseases can affect different parts of the heart.
Diseases can also develop by an increase in apoptosis.
Diseases can also infect insects and lower their numbers.
Diseases can also produce toxins that damage or kill human tissue, as in food poisoning or cholera.
Diseases can arise from infection , environmental conditions , accidents , and inherited diseases .
Diseases can be a challenge in producing backyard strawberries.
Diseases can be a particular problem with winter crops because of rainy, humid weather conditions.
Diseases can be costly to the producer.
Diseases can be quite selective.
Diseases can cause enzymes to stop functioning or decrease their activity.
Diseases can cause more rapid movement of food through the intestine.
Diseases can cause serious reductions in Howard county yields.
Diseases can cause serious reductions in yields of Korean lespedeza.
Diseases can cause serious yield losses in late planted oats.
Diseases can destabilize governments, and destroy fragile communities and economies.
Diseases can develop and spread rapidly when grass remains moist overnight.
Diseases can enter wounds caused by lawn mowers whacking the tree trunks.
Diseases can include damping-off during germination, fungal blights and rots, and viruses.
Diseases can make good cursing The Dutch people have an enviably high reputation.
Diseases can now criss-cross the world in hours in first class cabins.
Diseases can occur if numerous copies of mitochondrial DNA within a cell have been altered.
Diseases can reduce the size of the kernels and discolour the seed.
Diseases can seriously reduce both the yield and quality of barley produced.
Diseases can severely limit pecan production.
Diseases can spread from salmon in the crowded pens to wild salmon.
Diseases can spread to chickens from pet birds and wild birds, so limit contact where possible.
Diseases can transfer from animals to humans.
Diseases cause a variety of medical problems for parakeets.
Diseases cause abnormalities.
Diseases cause blood clot issues.
Diseases cause breathe difficulty.
Diseases cause damage.
Diseases cause difficulty.
Diseases cause excretion.
Diseases cause extensive damage.
Diseases cause fetal damage.
Diseases cause fevers.
Diseases cause food security issues.
Diseases cause grain storage problems.
Diseases cause health problems.
Diseases cause heart problems.
Diseases cause high fevers.
Diseases cause identical symptoms.
Diseases cause illnesses.
Diseases cause inflammation.
Diseases cause irritation.
Diseases cause issues.
Diseases cause kidney problems.
Diseases cause liver damage.
Diseases cause much damage.
Diseases cause muscle weakness.
Diseases cause neurological damage.
Diseases cause permanent damage.
Diseases cause permanent neurological damage.
Diseases cause problems.
Diseases cause respiratory problems.
Diseases cause serious health problems.
Diseases cause serious illnesses.
Diseases cause serious problems.
Diseases cause severe damage.
Diseases cause severe liver damage.
Diseases cause significant problems.
Diseases cause similar symptoms.
Diseases cause suffering and, in some cases, permanent disability or death.
Diseases cause symptoms.
Diseases cause vision problems.
Diseases cause weakness.
Diseases caused by a defective immune system are of particular concern among many purebred fanciers.
Diseases caused by damp are sticky, muddy, greasy and stagnant.
Diseases caused by fungi and bacteria commonly result in losses of fresh produce.
Diseases caused by fungi are often a problem on all types of bentgrass greens.
Diseases caused by fungi are the most damaging to most crops, including cucurbits.
Diseases caused by nematodes require special attention.
Diseases caused by organisms in humans are known as pathogenic diseases.
Diseases caused by parasites, pollution, and drowning in fishing nets are some of the main reasons.
Diseases caused by pathogenic summer heat occur only in summer.
Diseases caused by the virus are particularly common among people with reduced immunity .
Diseases caused by viruses often appear as abnormal or distorted growth.
Diseases caused by water-borne bacteria include cholera and typhoid.
Diseases causing easy bruising, however, are rare, and inflicted bruises are much more common.
Diseases come and go.
Diseases come on horseback, but go away on foot.
Diseases commonly transmitted by contaminated surface water include cholera, typhoid and giardiasis.
Diseases communicated by touch are common on the road.
Diseases considered to be of autoimmune origin include myasthenia, rheumatoid arthritis and lupus.
Diseases continue to be a concern in the soybean crop.
Diseases continue to be a problem, especially viruses transmitted by insects.
Diseases continue to greatly limit plantation productivity.
Diseases continue to have an enormous impact in every aspect of daily life.
Diseases continue to increase quickly in Asian crucifer greens also.
Diseases continue to plague the grazing reserves and stock-routes in the humid areas of Nigeria.
Diseases continue to spread.
Diseases covered in the textbook are unacceptable for the research paper.
Diseases damage esophagus tissue.
Diseases damage muscle tissue.
Diseases damage tissue.
Diseases destroy many people.
Diseases develop in adults.
Diseases devour their victims at a frightening pace.
Diseases disappear and all men become long-lived.
Diseases diseases, such as lupus.
Diseases do occur, particularily blackspot and leaf spots.
Diseases emphasizes patient care and education.
Diseases Ensure vaccination against Parvo good.
Diseases enter the body when there is a deficiency or excess of any ray in our body.
Diseases evolve to effectively work in new host.
Diseases flourish in an acidic environment.
Diseases flourish in high humidity.
Diseases formerly eradicated in the West are back with a vengeance.
Diseases have a way of building-up if the same vegetable crop is planted too long in the same spot.
Diseases have causes.
Diseases have common causes.
Diseases have components.
Diseases have consequences.
Diseases have devastate effects.
Diseases have effects.
Diseases have evidence.
Diseases have factors.
Diseases have features.
Diseases have genetic components.
Diseases have importance.
Diseases have late onsets.
Diseases have many features.
Diseases have many similar features.
Diseases have much greater impact on landscapes of one or two species.
Diseases have no eyes.
Diseases have obvious effects.
Diseases have obvious phenotypic effects.
Diseases have onsets.
Diseases have phases.
Diseases have phenotypic effects.
Diseases have risk factors.
Diseases have severe consequences.
Diseases have severe symptoms.
Diseases have similar symptoms.
Diseases have symptoms.
Diseases have widespread effects.
Diseases include emphysema.
Diseases include inflammation.
Diseases include measles.
Diseases include pneumonia.
Diseases Increase Other consequences read like an unholy litany.
Diseases involving the brain, brainstem and peripheral nerves are more common than muscle disorders.
Diseases involving the skin and underlying soft tissues are legion.
Diseases Keep plants healthy.
Diseases kill animals.
Diseases kill hosts.
Diseases kill humans.
Diseases kill individuals.
Diseases kill other animals.
Diseases kill patients.
Diseases kill people.
Diseases know no borders.
Diseases know no political boundaries.
Diseases known as aspergilloses attack the respiratory tract and others cause topical diseases.
Diseases lead to damage.
Diseases lead to death.
Diseases lead to heart problems.
Diseases lead to infection.
Diseases lead to lung infection.
Diseases lead to nerve damage.
Diseases lead to problems.
Diseases limit the ability of animals to produce optimum levels of meat, milk, and fiber.
Diseases limit utility in tropical climates.
Diseases live in dead plant material.
Diseases located below the diaphragm are apt to beget despondency.
Diseases move in, and insects do their thing.
Diseases move quickly among vine crops, especially cucumbers, and speed up in wet weather.
Diseases normally covered include cancer, diabetes, stroke and heart disease.
Diseases occur in hosts.
Diseases occur in humans.
Diseases occur in individuals.
Diseases occur in patients.
Diseases overcome genetic resistance in new cultivars in just a few years.
Diseases play a natural role in wildlife population control.
Diseases produce toxins.
Diseases progresses slowly.
Diseases represent evolution in progress.
Diseases require attention.
Diseases require awareness.
Diseases require immediate treatments.
Diseases require international attention.
Diseases require lifelong treatments.
Diseases require medical attention.
Diseases require treatments.
Diseases result in clot problems.
Diseases result in problems.
Diseases resulting from the consumption of food are quite common.
Diseases resulting in fever can manifest as changes in behavior and personality.
Diseases run rampant during spring break.
Diseases run rampant for lack of basic medicines.
Diseases run rampant killing many people.
Diseases See Infectious Diseases .
Diseases spread by ticks are no recent phenomena to the new world.
Diseases spread more rapidly among wet plants.
Diseases spread rapidly.
Diseases spread to cities.
Diseases start to appear on the newly developing foliage.
Diseases strike very democratically.
Diseases take a tremendous toll on the wild dog.
Diseases There are few reports of diseases in buckwheat.
Diseases There are numerous diseases of sorghum.
Diseases therefore tend to show cycles.
Diseases transfered by insects is the number one cause of sickness and death in the world today.
Diseases transmit more readily in humid, crowded buildings.
Diseases transmitted by rats to man pose a serious public health problem in tropical countries.
Diseases transmitted by vectors usually leave via a vector.
Diseases wander here and there the whole length of the world.
Diseases wipe out once established vegetation.
Diseases frequently wipe out shrimp crops.
Diseases often appear very suddenly, and can severely weaken or kill a plant within days.
Diseases often damage flowers and prevent fruiting.
Diseases sometimes cause pets a lot of pain, which distracts pets from doing what they love.
All disease comes from a state of unforgiveness.
All disease fall into four categories.
All disease goes from above to below.
All disease goes from below to above.
All disease goes from inside the body to outside.
All disease goes from less vital to more vital organs.
All disease is disconnection.
All disease is genetic.
All disease is one.
All disease is self-limited.
All disease is the result of inhibited soul life.
All disease shortens life by deteriorating the quality of the tissue.
All diseases are curable by the body by adhering to natural healing-principles.
All diseases are opportunistic, the natural result following the disruption of a healthy body.
All diseases are reversible .
All diseases are the result of inhibited soul life.
All diseases have a genetic component.
All diseases have hundreds of underlying causes.
All diseases have reasons and purposes.
All diseases have the potential of being transported to a farm on infected transplants.
All diseases listed here are mitochondrial cytopathies.
All diseases manifest according to their own frequency.
All diseases occur in shades of gray along a continuum of imbalance along spectrum of disease.
All diseases originate from one common cause and have one common method of cure.
All diseases take their origin in overloading the stomach.
Any disease affecting the caudate affects the putamen as well due to the close proximity.
Any disease can affect the immune system, changing the way it functions.
Any disease can cause low thyroid output as a preservative function.
Any disease can decimate it.
Any disease causing organism present in the group is likely to spread.
Any disease ending with 'itis' is often a representation of fear.
Any disease is a result of body, mind, emotions, and spirit interactions.
Any disease is an acquired immune deficiency.
Any disease therefore indicates that some sound has gone out of tune.
Every disease affects in some way and to some degree every organ, every tissue every molecule.
Every disease has a cause, although the causes of some remain to be discovered.
Every disease has a history.
Every disease has a single cause.
Every disease has a spiritual cause.
Every disease has certain characteristic effects on the body.
Every disease is mirrored emotionally in the mind.
Every disease is related to an imbalance of the doshas.
Every disease needs a cure.
Many diseases usually associated with adulthood actually have their origins in childhood.
Many diseases usually associated with adulthood begin in childhood.
Many disease carrying pests flourish in tire piles.
Many disease causing organisms normally occur in the same environment as the fish.
Many disease have origin in the month.
Many disease strains no longer respond to antibiotics, in part because of overuse.
Many diseases affect the circulatory system.
Many diseases affect the condition of the airways.
Many diseases affect the joints or muscles of people of all ages.
Many diseases also impair the functioning of the immune system.
Many diseases also kill prairie dogs off.
Many diseases also take years to develop.
Many diseases are caused by bacteria.
Many diseases are caused by viruses.
Many diseases are cyclical.
Many diseases are either preventable or easily treatable if caught in the early states.
Many diseases are host specific, that is, they develop only on a single host.
Many diseases are preventable through simple , non-medical methods .
Many diseases are preventable through simple, non-medical methods.
Many diseases are seed-borne, so it is important to recognize certain of the seed diseases.
Many diseases are self-limiting.
Many diseases are single-cause conditions.
Many diseases are soil born, and they appear in hydroponic systems in contaminated media.
Many diseases are spread by contaminated pruning shears, so make sure to clean tools between cuts.
Many diseases are spread largely or entirely by insects and mites.
Many diseases are still active in other countries.
Many diseases are the result of mental stress.
Many diseases are undetectable by the beginner so cleanliness is ultra-important.
Many diseases attack strawberries.
Many diseases build up in the soil when the same crop is grown in the same field year after year.
Many diseases can affect the tricuspid valve.
Many diseases can affect the ventilation to perfusion ratio.
Many diseases can cause chronic pain.
Many diseases can cause respiratory failure.
Many diseases can destroy organs or other necessary body parts.
Many diseases can effect the retina including hypertension, diabetes, immune deficiency and others.
Many diseases can have different presentations.
Many diseases can make the spleen enlarge.
Many diseases can result in abnormal amounts of protein in the urine.
Many diseases can result in chronic active hepatitis in dogs.
Many diseases can survive by using weed plants or other crops as alternate or alternative hosts.
Many diseases can trace their origins to toxic build up in various tissues and organs.
Many diseases cause changes that can only be detected by an inspection of the cells.
Many diseases cause great suffering and some kill animals by the million.
Many diseases cause physical handicaps.
Many diseases cause similar clinical signs, making diagnosis even more difficult.
Many diseases commonly affecting older people give little warning of their presence.
Many diseases continue to take an unnecessarily large toll in the United States.
Many diseases disrupt cellular function or destroy tissue.
Many diseases exist for which information and education offer a powerful vehicle for prevention.
Many diseases get better with or without treatment.
Many diseases have a single cause agent, such as a specific virus or bacteria.
Many diseases have an acute phase and a chronic phase.
Many diseases have an incubation period before they exhibit symptoms.
Many diseases have certain risk factors that can be controlled.
Many diseases have multiple symptoms, with no two individuals being exactly alike.
Many diseases have signs that are detected in the eyes.
Many diseases have symptoms in common.
Many diseases have the same symptoms.
Many diseases have their roots in our genes.
Many diseases improve over time, or at least cycle through periods of improvement and illness.
Many diseases infect roses.
Many diseases initiated by chemical hazards require decades to develop.
Many diseases involve disruption of particular organ systems or our body's natural defense systems.
Many diseases involve inflammation, for example, cystic fibrosis, allergies and cancer.
Many diseases involve proteins.
Many diseases manifest themselves in the oral cavity.
Many diseases occur only at certain growth stages.
Many diseases occur when cells manufacture unwanted proteins.
Many diseases occur when foliage is wet.
Many diseases originate or show early signs in the mouth.
Many diseases overlap with disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, skin, and lungs.
Many diseases predispose men to impotence.
Many diseases rely on funding from major drug companies to find treatments and cures.
Many diseases require the tick to be attached for six or more hours to transmit disease.
Many diseases result from business anxieties.
Many diseases result from gene-environment interactions.
Many diseases result in pulmonary interstitial fibrosis.
Many diseases run in families.
Many diseases show such variation patterns.
Many diseases spread in characteristically patterns.
Many diseases stem from deficiencies in diet.
Many diseases thrive in warm humid weather.
Many diseases thrive under crowded growing conditions.
Most disease is an unconcious choice.
Most disease is either self-limiting or incurable.
Most disease is food born so take precautions to eat only thoroughly cooked food.
Most disease is passed the old-fashioned way, from person to person.
Most disease is self-limited.
Most disease resolves within two weeks.
Most disease takes long enough to develop that the connection to diet is lost or overlooked.
Most diseases affect ability.
Most diseases affect animals.
Most diseases affect brain functions.
Most diseases affect children.
Most diseases affect domestic animals.
Most diseases affect functions.
Most diseases affect growth.
Most diseases affect health.
Most diseases affect human survival.
Most diseases affect humans.
Most diseases affect individuals.
Most diseases affect internal organs.
Most diseases affect joints.
Most diseases affect kidney functions.
Most diseases affect lab animals.
Most diseases affect life.
Most diseases affect multiple internal organs.
Most diseases affect multiple organs.
Most diseases affect organ tissue.
Most diseases affect organs.
Most diseases affect other animals.
Most diseases affect other organs.
Most diseases affect people.
Most diseases affect productivity.
Most diseases affect quality.
Most diseases affect respiration.
Most diseases affect sexual organs.
Most diseases affect structure functions.
Most diseases affect survival.
Most diseases affect tissue.
Most diseases affect water quality.
Most diseases affect white clover growth.
Most diseases affect wild animals.
Most diseases afflict humans.
Most diseases appear many years after exposure.
Most diseases appear to be a response to multiple factors.
Most diseases are a result of complex interactions between genes and environmental factors.
Most diseases are also subject to environmental influences.
Most diseases are carried by cockroaches.
Most diseases are carried by common cockroaches.
Most diseases are carried by rodents.
Most diseases are caused by bacterial infection.
Most diseases are caused by bacterial organisms.
Most diseases are caused by blood parasites.
Most diseases are caused by deadly microbes.
Most diseases are caused by deficiencies.
Most diseases are caused by equine influenza viruses.
Most diseases are caused by equine viruses.
Most diseases are caused by exposure.
Most diseases are caused by fungal pathogen.
Most diseases are caused by genus.
Most diseases are caused by germ.
Most diseases are caused by herpes viruses.
Most diseases are caused by infection.
Most diseases are caused by influenza viruses.
Most diseases are caused by iodine deficiencies.
Most diseases are caused by microbes.
Most diseases are caused by microbial pathogen.
Most diseases are caused by mutation.
Most diseases are caused by novel pathogen.
Most diseases are caused by organisms.
Most diseases are caused by other organisms.
Most diseases are caused by parasites.
Most diseases are caused by pathogen.
Most diseases are caused by pox viruses.
Most diseases are caused by protozoan parasites.
Most diseases are caused by rabies viruses.
Most diseases are caused by reaction.
Most diseases are caused by several different viruses.
Most diseases are caused by squirrel pox viruses.
Most diseases are caused by viruses.
Most diseases are caused by vitamin c deficiencies.
Most diseases are caused by vitamin d deficiencies.
Most diseases are characterized by symptoms.
Most diseases are complex, and correlation between genes and disease is weak.
Most diseases are dose related.
Most diseases are due to the imprisionment of the Power animal.
Most diseases are far more complex than that.
Most diseases are irregularities and dysfunctions.
Most diseases are more damaging in the nursery than in the landscape.
Most diseases are multi-gene disorders involving more than one gene.
Most diseases are new.
Most diseases are preventable if the pet is kept current on their vaccinations.
Most diseases are self-limiting.
Most diseases are skin ailments.
Most diseases are soil born and or air or plant borne.
Most diseases are species specific.
Most diseases are tissue specific, because only certain tissues have receptor molecule needed.
Most diseases are transmitted by mosquitoes.
Most diseases are water-borne.
Most diseases arise from the complex interactions among hundreds our even thousands of molecules.
Most diseases associate with deficiencies.
Most diseases associate with deposition.
Most diseases associate with magnesium deficiencies.
Most diseases associate with vitamin a deficiencies.
Most diseases begin in the colon because of improper elimination.
Most diseases cause abnormalities.
Most diseases cause blood clot issues.
Most diseases cause breathe difficulty.
Most diseases cause damage.
Most diseases cause difficulty.
Most diseases cause excretion.
Most diseases cause extensive damage.
Most diseases cause fetal damage.
Most diseases cause fevers.
Most diseases cause food security issues.
Most diseases cause grain storage problems.
Most diseases cause health problems.
Most diseases cause heart problems.
Most diseases cause high fevers.
Most diseases cause identical symptoms.
Most diseases cause illnesses.
Most diseases cause inflammation.
Most diseases cause irritation.
Most diseases cause issues.
Most diseases cause kidney problems.
Most diseases cause liver damage.
Most diseases cause much damage.
Most diseases cause muscle weakness.
Most diseases cause neurological damage.
Most diseases cause permanent damage.
Most diseases cause permanent neurological damage.
Most diseases cause problems.
Most diseases cause respiratory problems.
Most diseases cause serious health problems.
Most diseases cause serious illnesses.
Most diseases cause serious problems.
Most diseases cause severe damage.
Most diseases cause severe liver damage.
Most diseases cause significant problems.
Most diseases cause similar symptoms.
Most diseases cause symptoms.
Most diseases cause vision problems.
Most diseases cause weakness.
Most diseases caused by fungi and bacteria thrive in moist, humid conditions.
Most diseases come from the uncharacteristic growing conditions of vanilla.
Most diseases damage esophagus tissue.
Most diseases develop in adults.
Most diseases develop under wet conditions.
Most diseases do tend to recur due to pathogen buildup.
Most diseases have a fairly well established control protocol.
Most diseases have a genetic basis.
Most diseases have a non-gene trigger.
Most diseases have common causes.
Most diseases have components.
Most diseases have consequences.
Most diseases have devastate effects.
Most diseases have effects.
Most diseases have evidence.
Most diseases have factors.
Most diseases have features.
Most diseases have genetic components.
Most diseases have importance.
Most diseases have late onsets.
Most diseases have many features.
Most diseases have many similar features.
Most diseases have more than one gene involved.
Most diseases have obvious effects.
Most diseases have obvious phenotypic effects.
Most diseases have phases.
Most diseases have phenotypic effects.
Most diseases have risk factors.
Most diseases have severe consequences.
Most diseases have severe symptoms.
Most diseases have similar symptoms.
Most diseases have symptoms.
Most diseases have widespread effects.
Most diseases involve many genes in complex interactions, in addition to environmental influences.
Most diseases involve the interaction of several genes and the environment .
Most diseases kill animals.
Most diseases kill hosts.
Most diseases kill humans.
Most diseases kill individuals.
Most diseases kill other animals.
Most diseases kill patients.
Most diseases lead to damage.
Most diseases lead to death.
Most diseases lead to heart problems.
Most diseases lead to infection.
Most diseases lead to lung infection.
Most diseases lead to nerve damage.
Most diseases lead to problems.
Most diseases occur in hosts.
Most diseases occur in humans.
Most diseases occur in individuals.
Most diseases occur in patients.
Most diseases probably have some genetic component, the extent of which varies.
Most diseases produce toxins.
Most diseases require attention.
Most diseases require awareness.
Most diseases require contributions of genetics and environment.
Most diseases require immediate treatments.
Most diseases require international attention.
Most diseases require lifelong treatments.
Most diseases require medical attention.
Most diseases require treatments.
Most diseases result from complex interactions among hundreds or even thousands of molecules.
Most diseases result in clot problems.
Most diseases result in problems.
Most diseases tend to recur due to pathogen buildup.
Most diseases tend to reoccur due to pathogen buildup.
Much disease is borne of loneliness and isolation.
Some disease is helped by surgery .
Some disease is helped by surgery.
Some disease processes such as hypertension cause secondary changes in the placenta.
Some diseases affect abdomens.
Some diseases affect abundances.
Some diseases affect adults.
Some diseases affect albatrosses.
Some diseases affect apples.
Some diseases affect apricots.
Some diseases affect areas.
Some diseases affect backs.
Some diseases affect bantengs.
Some diseases affect birds.
Some diseases affect bones.
Some diseases affect brains.
Some diseases affect budgerigars.
Some diseases affect capybaras.
Some diseases affect cats.
Some diseases affect cattle.
Some diseases affect cedar.
Some diseases affect cheetahs.
Some diseases affect chests.
Some diseases affect chickens.
Some diseases affect chicks.
Some diseases affect cockatoos.
Some diseases affect cucumbers.
Some diseases affect deer.
Some diseases affect desert tortoises.
Some diseases affect dogs.
Some diseases affect domestic cats.
Some diseases affect domestic dogs.
Some diseases affect domestic geese.
Some diseases affect domestic rabbits.
Some diseases affect doves.
Some diseases affect european rabbits.
Some diseases affect eyes.
Some diseases affect female dogs.
Some diseases affect finish pigs.
Some diseases affect foliage.
Some diseases affect fruit.
Some diseases affect geese.
Some diseases affect glands.
Some diseases affect goats.
Some diseases affect grapefruit.
Some diseases affect hands.
Some diseases affect heads.
Some diseases affect hearts.
Some diseases affect hedgehogs.
Some diseases affect hollies.
Some diseases affect homeostasis.
Some diseases affect horses.
Some diseases affect human microevolution.
Some diseases affect immune responses.
Some diseases affect infants.
Some diseases affect intestines.
Some diseases affect juvenile sea cucumbers.
Some diseases affect kidneys.
Some diseases affect kittens.
Some diseases affect lambs.
Some diseases affect leaves.
Some diseases affect levels.
Some diseases affect limbs.
Some diseases affect livestock.
Some diseases affect lungs.
Some diseases affect lymphocyte homeostasis.
Some diseases affect man women.
Some diseases affect marmosets.
Some diseases affect men.
Some diseases affect microevolution.
Some diseases affect mollusks.
Some diseases affect moose.
Some diseases affect mountain goats.
Some diseases affect muscles.
Some diseases affect newborn infants.
Some diseases affect newborn kittens.
Some diseases affect nose albatrosses.
Some diseases affect only certain portions of a plant.
Some diseases affect our fluid intake.
Some diseases affect ovaries.
Some diseases affect pancreases.
Some diseases affect papaya.
Some diseases affect peach fruit.
Some diseases affect peppermints.
Some diseases affect photosynthesis.
Some diseases affect pigs.
Some diseases affect pinyons.
Some diseases affect pituitary glands.
Some diseases affect platypuses.
Some diseases affect pregnant women.
Some diseases affect premature infants.
Some diseases affect puppies.
Some diseases affect rabbits.
Some diseases affect red cedar.
Some diseases affect reproduction.
Some diseases affect responses.
Some diseases affect results.
Some diseases affect retinas.
Some diseases affect sea cucumbers.
Some diseases affect seedlings.
Some diseases affect size.
Some diseases affect skin.
Some diseases affect small intestines.
Some diseases affect squirrels.
Some diseases affect stone fruit.
Some diseases affect syndromes.
Some diseases affect tails.
Some diseases affect tasmanian platypuses.
Some diseases affect the salivary glands.
Some diseases affect tortoises.
Some diseases affect twigs.
Some diseases affect wild birds.
Some diseases affect women.
Some diseases affect young women.
Some diseases afflict children.
Some diseases afflict people.
Some diseases afflict slave women.
Some diseases afflict women.
Some diseases afflict young children.
Some diseases also have excessive hair growth as a symptom, but they are less common.
Some diseases also mimic FMS and cause confusingly similar complaints.
Some diseases are able to capture the public imagination for the horror of their manifestations.
Some diseases are carried by animals.
Some diseases are carried by carnivores.
Some diseases are carried by dogs.
Some diseases are carried by domestic animals.
Some diseases are carried by insects.
Some diseases are carried by leafhoppers.
Some diseases are carried by mosquitoes.
Some diseases are carried by raccoons.
Some diseases are carried by wild animals.
Some diseases are caused by abnormal imprinting.
Some diseases are caused by abnormal proteins.
Some diseases are caused by abnormalities.
Some diseases are caused by accumulation.
Some diseases are caused by adult tapeworms.
Some diseases are caused by allergies.
Some diseases are caused by amoebas.
Some diseases are caused by bacteria.
Some diseases are caused by bacterium salmonellas.
Some diseases are caused by bats.
Some diseases are caused by caterpillars.
Some diseases are caused by consumption.
Some diseases are caused by defects.
Some diseases are caused by disorder.
Some diseases are caused by drink water.
Some diseases are caused by 'infection'.
Some diseases are caused by ingestion.
Some diseases are caused by lack.
Some diseases are caused by motile bacteria.
Some diseases are caused by nicotine poison.
Some diseases are caused by parasitic amoebas.
Some diseases are caused by parasitic protozoans.
Some diseases are caused by parasitic worms.
Some diseases are caused by pathogenic bacteria.
Some diseases are caused by plasmodiums.
Some diseases are caused by poison.
Some diseases are caused by proteins.
Some diseases are caused by protozoans.
Some diseases are caused by rats.
Some diseases are caused by roundworms.
Some diseases are caused by salmonellas.
Some diseases are caused by smoke.
Some diseases are caused by tapeworms.
Some diseases are caused by water.
Some diseases are caused by worms.
Some diseases are characterized by a single cycle during the year.
Some diseases are characterized by abdominal pain.
Some diseases are characterized by acute diarrhea.
Some diseases are characterized by cell growth.
Some diseases are characterized by degeneration.
Some diseases are characterized by diarrhea.
Some diseases are characterized by fevers.
Some diseases are characterized by growth.
Some diseases are characterized by intense abdominal pain.
Some diseases are characterized by intense pain.
Some diseases are characterized by pain.
Some diseases are characterized by sudden fevers.
Some diseases are congenital and are therefore present at birth.
Some diseases are fatal and some problems unsolvable.
Some diseases are inborn and cause permanent defects on an individual.
Some diseases are malignant or cancerous, such as mesothelioma and lung cancer.
Some diseases are manifest and others are latent or immanent.
Some diseases are more common among young children, others in adults.
Some diseases are no longer treatable with antibiotics.
Some diseases are polygenic or multifactorial, inherited through changes on several genes.
Some diseases are potent killers.
Some diseases are spread through contaminated water or food.
Some diseases are spread through coughing, sneezing, physical contact, or exchange of body fluids.
Some diseases are still worth quarantine.
SOME diseases are strongly related to poverty.
Some diseases are the result of damage by infection by other organisms.
Some diseases are the result of failures of the system.
Some diseases are the result of intrinsic failures of the system.
Some diseases are the same and some are different.
Some diseases are transmitted by aphids.
Some diseases are transmitted by beetles.
Some diseases are transmitted by cockroaches.
Some diseases are transmitted by domestic livestock.
Some diseases are transmitted by domestic yaks.
Some diseases are transmitted by fleas.
Some diseases are transmitted by german cockroaches.
Some diseases are transmitted by green aphids.
Some diseases are transmitted by green peach aphids.
Some diseases are transmitted by infect rodents.
Some diseases are transmitted by insects.
Some diseases are transmitted by leafhoppers.
Some diseases are transmitted by livestock.
Some diseases are transmitted by mites.
Some diseases are transmitted by mosquitoes.
Some diseases are transmitted by peach aphids.
Some diseases are transmitted by rat fleas.
Some diseases are transmitted by rodents.
Some diseases are transmitted by suck insects.
Some diseases are transmitted by yaks.
Some diseases are transmitted to bison.
Some diseases are transmitted to brush rabbits.
Some diseases are transmitted to deer.
Some diseases are transmitted to livestock.
Some diseases are transmitted to rabbits.
Some diseases are transmitted to wild bison.
Some diseases are useful.
Some diseases are viral and others are fungal.
Some diseases are worse than others but few people approve of any disease.
Some diseases arise because of a variant in a single gene.
Some diseases associate with consumption.
Some diseases associate with cystic fibrosis.
Some diseases associate with exposure.
Some diseases associate with fibrosis.
Some diseases associate with hypertension.
Some diseases associate with point source exposure.
Some diseases associate with recreational exposure.
Some diseases associate with recreational water exposure.
Some diseases associate with smoke.
Some diseases associate with solar exposure.
Some diseases attack western juniper.
Some diseases can be genetic.
Some diseases can cause dry eye.
Some diseases can cause lymph retention in the body called as lymphedema.
Some diseases can have either natural or artificial causes.
Some diseases can lead to heel pain.
Some diseases can persist longer than one year, while others can attack more than one crop.
Some diseases carried by the blood are life-threatening, and some are universally fatal.
Some diseases carry aphids.
Some diseases cause a change in the odor of urine.
Some diseases cause accumulation.
Some diseases cause an increase in the ESR, while others cause a decrease.
Some diseases cause anemia.
Some diseases cause bacteria.
Some diseases cause bad things to build up in the liver .
Some diseases cause bad things to build up in the liver.
Some diseases cause blindness.
Some diseases cause blockage.
Some diseases cause cell death.
Some diseases cause chest pain.
Some diseases cause death.
Some diseases cause deficiencies.
Some diseases cause deformities.
Some diseases cause diarrhea.
Some diseases cause early death.
Some diseases cause extinction.
Some diseases cause failure pneumonia.
Some diseases cause frequent diarrhea.
Some diseases cause fruit.
Some diseases cause genus.
Some diseases cause headaches.
Some diseases cause heart disease death.
Some diseases cause infect fruit.
Some diseases cause infertility.
Some diseases cause join pain.
Some diseases cause massive mortality.
Some diseases cause mortality.
Some diseases cause pain.
Some diseases cause paralysis.
Some diseases cause pneumonia.
Some diseases cause premature mortality.
Some diseases cause pressure.
Some diseases cause production.
Some diseases cause progressive mental as well as physical handicap.
Some diseases cause rigidity.
Some diseases cause scars.
Some diseases cause severe diarrhea.
Some diseases cause shell deformities.
Some diseases cause significant mortality.
Some diseases cause stature.
Some diseases cause sudden death.
Some diseases cause testicles to swell.
Some diseases cause tumors.
Some diseases cause ulcer.
Some diseases causing icterus are fatal, but others have a good prognosis for full recovery.
Some diseases change the body's requirements for nutrients.
Some diseases come from sheep.
Some diseases consume the body like wildfire.
Some diseases covered are atherosclerosis, heart failure, cholesterol and high blood pressure.
Some diseases develop differently in women than in men.
Some diseases develop in men.
Some diseases develop in patients.
Some diseases develop many years after individuals are exposed to toxic chemicals.
Some diseases do little beyond make the plant discolored or unsightly.
Some diseases do the same thing.
Some diseases exhibit peculiar geographic and age distribution.
Some diseases get no respect.
Some diseases have a pronounced age predisposition.
Some diseases have devastate impact.
Some diseases have impact.
Some diseases have infertility.
Some diseases have molecular mimicry.
Some diseases have multiple codes, all of which apply to different but pertinent conditions.
Some diseases have patient populations of fewer than a hundred.
Some diseases have patterns.
Some diseases have pneumonia.
Some diseases have sex-linked inheritance, some result from too many or too few chromosomes.
Some diseases have significant impact.
Some diseases have spontaneous remissions.
Some diseases have such horrible pain that no medication can ease.
Some diseases have tendencies.
Some diseases have to be managed before the onset of symptoms.
Some diseases have types.
Some diseases have uniform patterns.
Some diseases infect flowers.
Some diseases infect foliage.
Some diseases infect fruit.
Some diseases infect gorillas.
Some diseases infect leaves.
Some diseases infect roots.
Some diseases infect tamarins.
Some diseases infect vertebrates.
Some diseases infect wild tamarins.
Some diseases involve disturbances in fatty acid metabolism.
Some diseases kill american elm trees.
Some diseases kill badgers.
Some diseases kill bats.
Some diseases kill brothers.
Some diseases kill cattle.
Some diseases kill elm trees.
Some diseases kill goats.
Some diseases kill insects in a few hours or days, but the milky disease works slowly.
Some diseases kill larvae.
Some diseases kill moose.
Some diseases kill mountain goats.
Some diseases kill native plants.
Some diseases kill pine.
Some diseases kill plants.
Some diseases kill sea turtles.
Some diseases kill starfishs.
Some diseases kill tigers.
Some diseases kill trees.
Some diseases kill turtles.
Some diseases kill vines.
Some diseases kill white pine.
Some diseases kill women.
Some diseases lead to arthritis.
Some diseases lead to blindness.
Some diseases lead to infertility.
Some diseases lead to paralysis.
Some diseases lead to pneumonia.
Some diseases occur in adults.
Some diseases occur in animals.
Some diseases occur in chinchillas.
Some diseases occur in dogs.
Some diseases occur in foxes.
Some diseases occur in ileums.
Some diseases occur in infants.
Some diseases occur in infect animals.
Some diseases occur in livestock.
Some diseases occur in puppies.
Some diseases occur in sheep.
Some diseases occur in terminal ileums.
Some diseases occur in turtles.
Some diseases occur more commonly on one species than another.
Some diseases occur much more frequently in some breeds than others.
Some diseases prefer nutrient-starved turf, while others like large amounts of nitrogen.
Some diseases related to genetic inheritance are diabetes, sickle cell anemia, and some cancers.
Some diseases require blood testing for diagnosis.
Some diseases require surgery.
Some diseases result from accumulation.
Some diseases result from an abnormal recessive gene.
Some diseases result from consumption.
Some diseases result from deposition.
Some diseases result from development.
Some diseases result from egg transmission or organisms through the use of infected breeder flocks.
Some diseases result in bone deterioration.
Some diseases result in death.
Some diseases result in deterioration.
Some diseases result in diarrhea.
Some diseases result in mass die offs.
Some diseases result in production.
Some diseases spread easily through a school.
Some diseases spread to temperate zones.
Some diseases threaten apes.
Some diseases threaten chimpanzees.
Some diseases threaten cougars.
Some diseases threaten deer.
Some diseases threaten great apes.
Some diseases threaten pikas.
Some diseases threaten sea turtles.
Some diseases threaten tortoises.
Some diseases threaten turtles.
Some diseases trigger a response by the immune system and cause an increase in the number of WBCs.
Diseased animals run fevers, lose their appetites, stop producing milk and become lame.
Diseased animals run fevers, lose their appetites, stop producing milk and become very lame.
Diseased animals suffer from open sores on the mouth and feet.
Diseased apples are most likely to be found in low-grade fruit shipments.
Diseased area begins with small reddish-brown spots.
Diseased areas appear as reddish-brown, small more or less circular lesions.
Diseased areas appear blighted and range from a few inches to several feet in diameter.
Diseased areas are dark brown, water-soaked, soft, and collapsed.
Diseased areas develop as dark, round, sunken spots that often reach an inch in diameter.
Diseased areas enlarge and progress toward the base of the leaf, turn yellow to brown, and dry out.
Diseased areas rot rapidly in warm, damp weather.
Diseased arteries are also more susceptible to spasm.
Diseased arteries are severely deficient in silicon.
Diseased arteries have many such capillaries, some of which grow into the plaque and feed it.
Diseased bait is subject to confiscation.
Diseased bark is brown, gummy, and often sour-smelling.
Diseased birds fail to keep up with the flock, and epidemics thus naturally prevented.
Diseased birds fly or swim erratically or stumble and wobble on the ground.
Diseased brains are plentiful.
Diseased brains can produce abnormal magnetic signals.
Diseased colonies appear white, as infected coral tissue dies over the underlying skeleton.
Diseased cows shed the bacteria in their feces and in their milk.
Diseased fish affect populations of fish-eating birds.
Diseased fish refuse food and gather near the surface of the water.
Diseased flesh calls for the knife and the searing-iron.
Diseased flowers are sterile and produce no seed.
Diseased forage produces the chemical slaframine, which is toxic to livestock.
Diseased fruit are bumpy, reddish in color, and fall prematurely.
Diseased fruit has shiny, reddish, raised, warty spots.
Diseased fruit is first water-soaked, turns brown, shrivels, and turns black.
Diseased fruits develop deep pits or become distorted and usually drop before harvest.
Diseased fry have a very low chance of surviving.
Diseased glumes have a translucent appearance when held toward the light.
Diseased grass is stunted and turns yellow-green.
Diseased gums can lead to the loss of perfectly healthy teeth.
Diseased heads have more open florets due to smutted kernels.
Diseased heads have small dark spots and exhibit fungal growth with an orange to pinkish tinge.
Diseased hosts have difficulty breathing, cough frequently.
Diseased kernels give off a fetid or fishy odor when crushed.
Diseased kernels turn brown at the basal stem.
Diseased larvae show slow growth, an undersized, pale and flaccid body, and poor appetite.
Diseased larvae show slow growth, undersized, pale and flaccid bodies, and poor appetite.
Diseased leaves are gray-olive green to brownish.
Diseased leaves are narrow, folded longitudinally, and become stiff and brittle with age.
Diseased leaves are reddish to purple in color, and thickened, twisted, and generally distorted.
Diseased leaves can become so twisted that the lower surfaces turn upward.
Diseased leaves show a thickened, puckered appearance with a pink-red color.
Diseased leaves show brown to black spots, usually developing from the margin inward.
Diseased leaves are narrow, folded longitudinally, and become stiff and brittle with age.
Diseased leaves are narrow, wavy and somewhat sickle-shaped.
Diseased leaves develop a tattered appearance as dead tissue is torn away because of weathering.
Diseased leaves fall from the tree prematurely.
Diseased leaves turn yellow or brown.
Diseased meat has to be destroyed to protect the health of our nation.
Diseased minds turn towards expressing themselves in ant- social fashions.
Diseased muscle has an electrical activity characteristically different from normal muscle.
Diseased needles are often uniformly brown at the tips, but never mottled.
Diseased needles drop prematurely, the older ones first.
Diseased needles drop prematurely.
Diseased needles exhibit dark green bands or scattered yellow to tan spots.
Diseased organs are black, while normal ones are pink.
Diseased plant stems turn deep red to maroon.
Diseased plants are dwarfed and die early.
Diseased plants are subject to winter kill and infections caused by soil-borne pathogens.
Diseased plants are usually most evident in the regrowth after clipping.
Diseased plants have basal internodes that are shiny black and have few tillers.
Diseased plants have fewer tillers, poor root growth and delayed maturity.
Diseased plants have lack of feeder roots, poor vigor canes.
Diseased plants have lesions on their roots immediately below the ground line.
Diseased plants produce blackened heads among a field of green heads.
Diseased plants serve as infection centers from which the fungus spreads.
Diseased plants show yellow leaf spots which have a purplish fuzzy growth on their undersides.
Diseased potatoes are deformed and unmarketable.
Diseased prions alter the shape of normally-occurring prions in the brain, resulting in the disease.
Diseased roots are dark brown or black, healthy roots white.
Diseased roots are dark, reddish brown.
Diseased roots become brown to black and slough off easily.
Diseased roots become brown to black, and slough off easily.
Diseased roots have soft brown lesions.
Diseased roots lead to stunting and poor growth of plants.
Diseased roots turn pink in color, shrivel and die.
Diseased seed are a source of infection the next season.
Diseased seedlings have dark brown spots near the seed or on stems below the soil line.
Diseased seedlings tend to remain in the grass stage.
Diseased shoots occur singly or as a cluster arising from a node on a buried runner.
Diseased shoots remain on the plant for sometime eventually turning grey.
Diseased shoots turn black, droop over, and die.
Diseased spikelets can contain visibly affected kernels.
Diseased spots are light tan or straw-colored.
Diseased sprouts are a source of spores for spread of late blight within the field.
Diseased tillers are also prone to lodging.
Diseased tillers tend to mature early and produce whiteheads that contain incompletely filled seed.
Diseased tissue becomes black and brittle and contains an abundance of black spore pustules.
Diseased tissue extends down into the bark, partly girdling the cane.
Diseased tissue is usually dark gray to brown in color.
Diseased tissue is watery, soft, black and deteriorates rapidly.
Diseased tissue turns brown to black and dries out in the field or, more commonly, in storage.
Diseased tissues become brittle as they dry out.
Diseased teeth are a common cause in dogs and cats.
Diseased trees are stunted, unproductive, and show no ability to recover.
Diseased trees are subject to windthrow and breakage.
Diseased trees die soon after becoming infected.
Diseased tubers are spongy and initially discolored around the point of stolon attachment.
Diseased vines become nonproductive and usually die within a year or two after infection.
Diseased wood is harder to recognize than dead or damaged wood.
Diseased wood is pruned out to keep the plant healthy.
Diseased wood is reddish brown in appearance.
Disembarkation is a landing
Disembarkation is by tender and the town is located high upon a cliff.
Disenchanted adults are candidates for terrorist groups.
A disenfranchisement is management
Disenfranchisement contradicts the promise of rehabilitation.
Disengaged fathers have few functions that characterize their time with babies.
Disengaged fathers tend to struggle with more depression and tension.
A disengagement is separation
Disengagement can be extremely painful for either party.
Disengagement is a formula for stagnation at best.
Disengagement is now on the agenda.
Disengagements are retreats.
Disenrollment data is retained until no longer needed for reference.
Disenrollment procedures apply to all Psychology courses.
Disestablishment is a group action
Disestablishment is key to institutionalizing a vigorous religious economy.
Disfigured people tend to be rated at the bottom of attractiveness scales.
A disfluency is knowledge
Disfluencies are present most of the time or appear suddenly with much intensity.
Disfluencies are primarily repetition of initial or stressed syllables.
Disfluencies come and go.
Disfluencies tend to be present in most speaking situations now.
Disfluency means a hesitation, interruption, or disruption in speech.
Disfluency typically emerges after onset of connected speech.
Some disfluency is of more concern that others.
Disfunction can lead to shock, tissue injury, anorexia, malnutrition and cachexia.
Disfunction is a hardcore-oi band from chicago.
Disfunction is pathology
Disgrace is almost willfully plain.
Disgrace is dishonor
Disgrace is situations.
Disgrace is written with immense skill and devotion - a beautiful but disturbing book.
Disgruntled employees are a common source of unauthorized access.
Disgruntled employees are located in offices.
Disgruntled employees are much more likely to cause problems than satisfied employees.
Disgruntled employees are often the source of qui tam litigation.
Disgruntled employees are often times the result of misbehavior by the employer.
Disgruntled employees are one of the greatest threats to a system's security.
Disgruntled employees are the greatest threat to any systems' security.
Disgruntled employees are the greatest threat to any system's security.
Disgruntled employees can access sensitive company data and transmit it to others or destroy it.
Disgruntled employees express anger that leads to conflict.
Disgruntled employees perform considerably poorly compared to content ones.
Disgruntled employees present a particular problem.
Disgruntled remarks punctuate the air as the crowd converges on the main bar.
Disgruntled stakeholders can sabotage the most beneficial projects.
Disgruntled supplicants trudge away, bereft of electric piety.
Disgruntled teens go on school shooting sprees and nine year olds bring weapons to class.
Disgruntled workers charge that some leaders even undermined the local's efforts.
Disgruntled workers struggle to make ends meet with meager unemployment checks.
A disguise is color
Disguise is also akin to acting in a drama or plain old playing.
Disguise isa appearance.
Disguises are attire.
Disguises are concealment.
Disguises are still necessary.
All disguise is laid aside.
Most disguises are relatively simple in nature.
Disgust is disgust.
Disgust is dislike
Disgust is emotion.
Disgust is part of daily life.
Disgust sets in.
Disgust takes many forms.
All disgust is originally disgust at touching.
Disgusting poverty sits alongside incredible affluence.
Disgusting spam lies .
Dish aerials are part of radar.
Most dish aerials are part of radar.
Dish antennas are part of radar.
Most dish antennas are part of radar.
Dish cloth is washed in boil water.
Dish cloth is washed in water.
Most dish cloth is washed in boil water.
Most dish cloth is washed in water.
Dish detergents create bubbles which are too hard to rinse away.
Dish gardens are ideal for gifts for mothers, dads, and grandparents.
Dish gardens are miniature landscapes, great for balconies and patios.
Dish gardens serve the same function, but differ in that the container is usually open.
Some dish liquids kill bugs.
Some dish liquids kill kudzu bugs.
Dish soap acts like a dispersant.
Dish soap is thawed the same way.
Dish soap is very effective against most breeds of flies, including horse flies.
Some dish soap contains boraxs.
A dish washer is a household appliance
Dish washers take lots of energy.
Dish washing can happen later.
A dish is a container
Dish isa container.
Dish isa crockery.
Dishes appear, then disappear from the menu.
Dishes are all available with a variety of meats and seafood.
Dishes are always a part of the cooking process.
Dishes are always healthy and fresh.
Dishes are available for all diets including vegetarian specialties.
Dishes are baby blue, cotton candy pink and pale lime green.
Dishes are beige in color, with fruit around the edge of the plate.
Dishes are flavourful, spicy and often rather heavy.
Dishes are fresh and flavorful.
Dishes are fresh and presented with flair.
Dishes are huge so share.
Dishes are imaginative and eclectic, with a large menu to choose from.
Dishes are lower in fat, cholesterol, calories and sodium.
Dishes are made of water.
Dishes are more typical of Jordanian family meals.
Dishes are noodle or rice-based with tofu or veggies.
Dishes are plain white or solid colors.
Dishes are prepared a la minute, while the dining pace is leisurely.
Dishes are prepared and presented on television, and the recipes are all online.
Dishes are prepared one at a time, and special orders are usually accommodated.
Dishes are prepared to order using only quality and fresh ingredients.
Dishes are prepared with attention to nutritional value and are low in fat, sugar and salt.
Dishes are prepared with care and served casually yet elegantly with splayed flowers on most dishes.
Dishes are prepared with garlic and ginger.
Dishes are prepared with respect by direct and uncomplicated cooking techniques.
Dishes are ready for use in flow assay.
Dishes are served on fresh banana leaves.
Dishes are simple flat forms filling in for the various Crowns of Creation.
Dishes are simple.
Dishes are spicy but just right for tourists.
Dishes are still dirty at the end of the wash.
Dishes are substantial and imaginative, if bordering on the salty.
Dishes are the most important part.
Dishes are to be loaded immediately into the dishwashers.
Dishes are undeniably French in conception, execution and flavor.
Dishes are usually traditional and home-style.
Dishes are very important for parent to recharge in order to feed baby.
Dishes are very simple, without sophistication.
Dishes are very standardized, with diners adding spices from side dishes to the meal.
Dishes are washed in hot soapy water.
Dishes are washed in hot water.
Dishes are washed in soapy water.
Dishes are washed in water.
Dishes are well prepared and tasty.
Dishes are, well, heavy.
Dishes argue Calves inside the silk thru any treatment.
Dishes arrive at the table in smooth succession and tea is replenished at intervals.
Dishes arrive promptly and staff are quite helpful.
Dishes begin slipping off of the shelves and racks in the pantry.
Dishes can be deceptively complex.
Dishes can produce much higher temperatures, and so can produce electricity more efficiently.
Dishes can tolerate greater stress standing on edge.
Dishes come and go, according to the chef's whim and what's in the market.
Dishes contain meat.
Dishes contain seafood.
Dishes containing meat, cooked vegetables and eggs are particularly risky.
Dishes develop and change according to a host of new influences.
Dishes exist Decisions over dinner by most horse racing bet since spin by most angel.
Dishes favour a French influence, ranging from the creamily rich to the light and modern.
Dishes fill with food.
Dishes form Side except ticket beside that tv guide after deny toward several sneeze.
Dishes have (part) sections.
Dishes have a laquered finish.
Dishes have edges.
Dishes have sharp edges.
Dishes have to be washed in water of a certain temperature.
Dishes here are more elaborately prepared and often elevated to an art form.
Dishes include meat.
Dishes incorporate the traditional with an up to date twist.
Dishes keep up to a week, refrigerated, and many can be frozen.
Dishes look like they are meant to be eaten.
Dishes match with wines and take their flavours from the land.
Dishes multiply like rabbits.
Dishes pile up in the sink.
Dishes pour out over the top of the sink.
Dishes provide cleaner food and the ability to monitor eating habits.
Dishes range from local specialities to a broad selection of international favourites.
Dishes range from simple French fries to elaborate assortments of sashimi.
Dishes range from traditional to esoteric.
Dishes rattle in the china cabinet.
Dishes request off all baseball equipment bag.
Dishes request off all baseball glove.
Dishes require long time.
Dishes require time.
Dishes share alongside all pause if burn cookies.
Dishes still meet the restaurant's hefty reputation.
Dishes tend to be lighter and emphasize vegetables more than other Asian food does.
Dishes tend to be sweet and taste slippery, fresh and cool.
Dishes Use child-size plates, utensils, glasses, and cups that are durable and easy to hold.
Dishes Use minimal amounts of dish soap.
Dishes vary by region.
Dishes vary from the traditional such as a classic Dover sole to the modern and oriental.
Dishes whistle onto none topic therefore require audio magazines.
Dishs are circles.
Dishs are containers.
Dishs are created by chefs.
Dishs are directional antennas.
Dishs are located in apartments.
Dishs are located in cabinets.
Dishs are located in kitchen cabinets.
Dishs are located in kitchens.
Dishs are located in pantries.
Dishs are located in shelfs.
Dishs are located in sinks.
Dishs are located in tables.
Dishs are part of meals.
Dishs are part of radar.
Dishs are part of radio telescopes.
Dishs are plates.
Dishs are used for air.
Dishs are used for cooking.
Dishs are used for cooks.
Dishs are used for eating.
Dishs are used for eats.
Dishs are used for food.
Dishs are used for holds.
Dishs are used for scans.
Dishs are used for serve.
Dishs are used for serving food.
Dishes often seem mild at their first taste test.
Dishes usually contain a lot of condiments and spices.
Dishes usually pertain to the language and country they are studying.
All dishes are also available takeout.
All dishes are are dairy-free.
All dishes are available for takeout.
All dishes are fresh and homemade.
All dishes are freshly cooked, and there's a huge variety to choose from.
All dishes are freshly prepared on a daily basis on site at the delicatessen.
All dishes are freshly prepared on premises.
All dishes are freshly prepared using only the finest ingredients.
All dishes are freshly prepared using quality products in season.
All dishes are home cooked and prepared using fresh local produce.
All dishes are home prepared using organic wholefoods and our own organic produce.
All dishes are homemade.
All dishes are prepared to order in our own kitchens using fresh ingredients.
All dishes are prepared to order using only the finest, freshest ingredients.
All dishes are prepared to order with fresh, authentic ingredients.
All dishes are prepared to order with the finest fresh ingredients.
All dishes are prepared with boneless filets that are firm and flaky.
All dishes are prepared with real Indian herbs and spices.
All dishes are skillfully prepared and attentively served.
All dishes are steamed.
All dishes are vegetarian, and many are low fat.
All dishes are vegetarian, which keeps the cost down somewhat, and no alcohol is served.
All dishes are wherever possible prepared with organic produce only.
All dishes belonging to the church are to be washed and put away.
All dishes clean and put away.
All dishes come with a side of steamed rice.
All dishes come with the freshness of just caught fish.
All dishes come with the standard array of side dishes called pajun.
All dishes go on the table at the same time.
All dishes have different meanings.
All dishes reflect a carefully crafted balance of colors, flavors, and textures.
All dishes subject to availability.
All dishes subject to market availability.
Any dish described as glazed most likely contains sugar.
Any dish here comes from the kitchen or sushi bar with fine attention to visual detail.
Any dish is cooked and prepared accurately to be presented with elegance by experienced cooks.
Any dish is prepared fresh and to order.
Every dish begins at the produce store.
Every dish can be different, there's continual creativity and emotional rhythm.
Every dish carries a mark of individuality, that very much depends on cook's skill.
Every dish comes out with something a little wrong.
Every dish comes with stew white beans with no taste.
Every dish has a story to tell.
Every dish has it individual distinctive taste and aroma when different kinds of leaves are used.
Every dish has to be festive.
Every dish includes the freshest ingredients and health conscious preparation.
Every dish is a la carte.
Every dish is a masterpiece involving a commingling of exotic flavors.
Every dish is a photo op and all the garnishes and grace notes are edible.
Every dish is based on garlic.
Every dish is carefully prepared, beautifully presented, and absolutely sensational.
Every dish is cooked to order and served fresh.
Every dish is cooked to order with the freshest ingredients.
Every dish is cooked to order, so relax with a drink and enjoy the view.
Every dish is easy to duplicate at home and tasty enough for family and friends.
Every dish is handcooked to order.
Every dish is made from scratch.
Every dish is made to order, and only fresh seafood, vegetables and herbs are used.
Every dish is made to order.
Every dish is made with honest expertise.
Every dish is prepared fresh in front of diners, and is customized to their special requests.
Every dish is prepared with a minimum of fuss and ingredients.
Every dish is prepared with love, caring, and passion.
Every dish is prepared with the utmost love and care and professionalism.
Every dish is prepared with true gourmet flair.
Every dish provides the guest with a memorable experience in fine dining.
Many dishes also have a vegan option, and food is organic, with an organic wine list.
Many dishes also have subtle flavors.
Many dishes are also hot and spicy.
Many dishes are available baked ase well.
Many dishes are available in large and small portion sizes.
Many dishes are available. including beef stefathno, pastitsio, tiropeta.
Many dishes are based on corn , milk , cheese and meat , and fish caught in rivers are also eaten.
Many dishes are cooked with rosemary oil and freshly plucked rosemary leaves.
Many dishes are family originals, featuring true Southern Italian flavorings.
Many dishes are fried in vegetable oil.
Many dishes are heart-healthy and they even have decaf iced tea.
Many dishes are homey improvisations that lean toward vegetarian and healthy tastes.
Many dishes are laden with the worst kind of fat.
Many dishes are prepared on a char-broiler.
Many dishes are prepared with hempseeds which appears to be their herb of choice.
Many dishes are prepared with wine, so a peek at the wine list is irresistible.
Many dishes are salty and oil is liberally applied.
Many dishes are stews with long cooking time, yielding a perfect blend of flavours.
Many dishes are vegetarian.
Many dishes are very elaborate, requiring days of preparation.
Many dishes begin with pur es.
Many dishes combine cooked foods with fresh greens.
Many dishes combine fish and meat, including dried and fermented fish.
Many dishes come with nopales, a kind of cactus.
Many dishes consist of steamed or boiled green vegetables, peas, beans, and cereals .
Many dishes contain meat, but prepared in different ways.
Many dishes feature fresh seasonal produce and herbs grown locally.
Many dishes feature freshly picked herbs from the gardens on the center's grounds.
Many dishes have ingredients that sound the same as good tidings.
Many dishes have international origins.
Many dishes make many diseases.
Many dishes read the same on the menu as they did two years ago.
Many dishes start with a pur e base.
Many dishes use a sofrito as their basis.
Many dishes use beer as a vital ingredient.
Many dishes use inexpensive lamb parts, particularly shanks and neck bones.
Most dishes are available 'round the clock.
Most dishes are available to takeaway.
Most dishes are easy to follow.
Most dishes are fairly light, although the portions are enormous.
Most dishes are from the distinct northern, central or southern regions of Vietnam.
Most dishes are generally light in nature, using little fat, even in stir-fried foods.
Most dishes are light, as they are cooked in lots of water.
Most dishes are made of water.
Most dishes are meals in themselves.
Most dishes are of indigenous origin and include fruits, herbs and vegetables grown in the region.
Most dishes are of Southern origin with a European flair.
Most dishes are prepared the day of the affair.
Most dishes are quite affordable even on low budget.
Most dishes are quite good.
Most dishes are ready to heat in a display case.
Most dishes are Russian, however.
Most dishes are somewhat spicy, but still very enjoyable for western travellers.
Most dishes are washed in hot soapy water.
Most dishes are washed in hot water.
Most dishes are washed in soapy water.
Most dishes are washed in water.
Most dishes call for one or two cloves.
Most dishes contain meat.
Most dishes contain seafood.
Most dishes cost just over a fiver, with many of the side dishes considerably less.
Most dishes feature a huge variety of the freshest vegetables.
Most dishes fill with food.
Most dishes have a flat plate on the mount that can be used as a sighting reference.
Most dishes have edges.
Most dishes have sharp edges.
Most dishes offer a half-roasted chicken either sauteed or covered in a choice of sauces.
Most dishes require long time.
Most dishes require the simplest of herbs, spices and ingredients and are short on directions.
Most dishes require time.
Most dishes seem to be high in carbs.
Most dishes sell for under a dollar.
Some dishes add rice.
Some dishes almost justify the price.
Some dishes are as dreary as the others are tantalizing.
Some dishes are bland.
Some dishes are great, others mediocre, and others poor.
Some dishes are heavily Asian-influenced.
Some dishes are made of cheese.
Some dishes are made of cream.
Some dishes are made of dough.
Some dishes are made of fresh cheese.
Some dishes are made of meat.
Some dishes are made of rice.
Some dishes are made of sugar.
Some dishes are more filling than others.
Some dishes are more French than Asian.
Some dishes are old hat, like onion rings and nachos, but they're mighty good here.
Some dishes are oversimplified, others work.
Some dishes are purely original creations, having been created in our kitchen.
Some dishes are simple centuries old classics to innovative exotic adaptations.
Some dishes are simple, such as fruit or salad.
Some dishes are simplicity itself.
Some dishes are time honored treasures, while others provide a new twist to preparing the harvest.
Some dishes are too messy for elegant affairs, but fine for picnics or informal parties.
Some dishes are traditional, others use the ingredients and flavors of the islands in original ways.
Some dishes come with a side of Spam.
Some dishes come with a vegetable or potato, but it's more a garnish than a serving.
Some dishes consist of bags.
Some dishes consist of beans.
Some dishes consist of bowls.
Some dishes consist of potato.
Some dishes consist of snails.
Some dishes consist of wooden bowls.
Some dishes contain bacteria.
Some dishes contain clean water.
Some dishes contain crabs.
Some dishes contain crystal.
Some dishes contain fresh water.
Some dishes contain gingers.
Some dishes contain iodine crystal.
Some dishes contain live bacteria.
Some dishes contain sugar.
Some dishes contain water.
Some dishes cover with damp towels.
Some dishes cover with towels.
Some dishes do take time to prepare, but remember that's another nice thing about cooking.
Some dishes dud out.
Some dishes even combine regions.
Some dishes even take on new dimensions with the addition of a contrasting flavor of a rub or sauce.
Some dishes feature hot pepper.
Some dishes feel realized and unified, showcasing bright flavors and knowing their limits.
Some dishes fill with fruit.
Some dishes get better as they get bigger.
Some dishes have an Asian flair.
Some dishes have beautiful presentation.
Some dishes have lots of garlic, herbs, spices.
Some dishes have meat.
Some dishes have places.
Some dishes have presentation.
Some dishes have sticks.
Some dishes just sound too strange or foreign.
Some dishes now have high speed internet capabilities with more to come in following months.
Some dishes prevent urine.
Some dishes reflect radio waves.
Some dishes reflect waves.
Some dishes simply lend themselves to being served to guests.
Some dishes vary slightly, if at all.
Some dishes wind up cold.
Some dishes work.
A disharmony is dissonance
Disharmonies are dissonance.
Disharmony brings disease and death.
Disharmony isa property.
Any disharmony is thought to stress the body and perhaps lead to sickness.
A dishcloth is a piece
A dishcloth is cloth
Dishcloths are a prime spot for bacteria to multiply.
Dished feet allow for easy landing in all kinds of terrain.
Dished keys make it easier to press keys for people with limited manipulation.
Disheveled bum rushes up and catches green girl in bear hug.
Dishevelled proteins lead to two signaling pathways.
All Dishevelled proteins have three highly conserved domains.
Dishonest auctioneers are just that.
Dishonest behavior is a detriment to all educational goals.
Dishonest behavior is a very serious matter.
Dishonest brokers use cold calling to find quick hits.
Many dishonest companies try to avoid the suspicion of the ways hey dispose of their waste.
Dishonest counseling is worse than no counseling at all.
Dishonest doctors have even more options.
Dishonest employees account for about two-thirds of the retail theft, according to one estimate.
Dishonest evaluations erode standards until they lose their meanings.
Dishonest gain is another means of theft.
Dishonest gain is awful loss.
Some dishonest loggers are very clever.
Dishonest opportunists can and do extract money from na ve consumers just as they have always done.
Dishonest people deserve our contempt and censure, perhaps even punishment.
Dishonest people tell lies.
Some dishonest sellers grade their coins accurately but mislead consumers about their value.
Dishonesty angers more far more people than success does.
Dishonesty can backfire, and disrupt life processes.
Dishonesty destroys the person practising it.
Dishonesty is an activity
Dishonesty is wrongdoing.
Dishonesty ruins relationships, and cheating is just one symptom of an inner condition.
Dishonesty strains interaction and destroys trust.
Dishonesty takes many forms.
All dishonesty is wrong.
Every dishonesty sets up a continuing drain on the resources of the person who engages in it.
Dishonor is a standing
Dishonor weighs heavily on the soul and distracts from ishan .
Dishonorable conduct means an act of academic dishonesty.
Dishwasher detergent can produce burns in the mouth.
Dishwasher detergent is detergent
Dishwasher detergent is detergent.
Dishwasher detergent is especially dangerous.
A dishwasher is a household appliance
Dishwasher Detergents Highly toxic chemical.
Dishwasher Do only full loads.
Dishwasher is recommended.
Dishwasher isa commodity.
Dishwasher isa goods.
Dishwasher run only when there is a full load.
Dishwasher Use only for full loads.
Dishwashers actually use less water than hand-washing.
Dishwashers also come in hunter green, red and yellow.
Dishwashers also handle the dishes after they have been cleaned.
Dishwashers also offer different cycles.
Dishwashers also vary according to the load capacity and style.
Dishwashers are a kashrut problem.
Dishwashers are a no-no .
Dishwashers are also a large water consumer.
Dishwashers are available in specific apartments.
Dishwashers are excellent for cleaning dishes due to the high temperature of the water.
Dishwashers are hard on knives.
Dishwashers are laborers.
Dishwashers are located in apartments.
Dishwashers are located in kitchens.
Dishwashers are machines.
Dishwashers are particularly effective at transferring the chemicals from water to indoor air.
Dishwashers are such a convenience, but sometimes they start leaking or leave dishes dirty.
Dishwashers are the worst culprits.
Dishwashers are used for washing dishs.
Dishwashers Avoid placing a dishwasher next to a refrigerator.
Dishwashers can generate hundreds of kilograms each year.
Dishwashers can provide an efficient alternative to washing by hand when operated at full capacity.
Dishwashers do it by hand.
Dishwashers have (part) sections.
Dishwashers have seals that last much longer if they remain wet and are used regularly.
Dishwashers leave heavy lint deposits.
Dishwashers operate at very high temperatures and water is sprayed with force at the contents.
Dishwashers save time in doing the dishes manually.
Dishwashers tend to sterilise bottles and nipples fairly well.
Dishwashers use a large amount of water and electricity to heat the water.
Dishwashers use less hot water and less energy.
Dishwashers use less water than hand washing.
Dishwashers always have wood panels.
Dishwashers usually use less water than hand washing.
Many dishwashers have a water saver cycle to save even more water.
Many dishwashers have energy-saving cycles.
Many dishwashers have plastic inside.
Many dishwashers offer special features that improve energy efficiency.
Most dishwashers create a fair amount of noise.
Most dishwashers do an excellent job of cleaning dishes, pots, and pans all by themselves.
Most dishwashers heat incoming water to fully activate the detergent.
Most dishwashers provide several different wash cycle selections.
Most dishwashers sterilize automatically because of the hot water they use.
Most dishwashers use one of two different methods to fill with water.
Some dishwashers require a higher temperature.
Some dishwashers require the temperature to be slightly higher.
Disillusion comes only to the illusioned.
Disillusion is sophistication
Disillusion is the sad aftertaste of triumph.
Disillusion leads to disappointment.
Disillusion soon follows.
Disillusion undoes passivity.
Disillusioned voters shun polling.
Disincarnate entities are in light form.
Disincentive effects decline significantly when our reconstructed eligibility date are used.
A disincentive is a motive
Disincentives are inherent in statutory benefits.
Disincentives continue that discourage new physicians from entering rural areas.
Disinfectant software is loaded on each of the machines.
A disinfectant is an agent
Disinfectant comes with online documentation.
Disinfectant contains excellent built-in help.
Disinfectants alone leave behind debris which quickly becomes a potential source of infection.
Disinfectants are agents.
Disinfectants are among the most hazardous chemicals in barns.
Disinfectants are chemical agents that can kill pathogens on contact.
Disinfectants are chemical compounds used to decontaminate or sterilize nonliving material.
Disinfectants are chemicals used on nonliving surfaces to inhibit the growth of microorganisms.
Disinfectants are chemicals used to arrest and prevent their development.
Disinfectants are helpful for general hygiene, but the use of a coccidiostat is indispensable.
Disinfectants are less effective in cloudy water.
Disinfectants are located in hospitals.
Disinfectants are often ineffective if the water is visibly cloudy.
Disinfectants are only effective in clean conditions.
Disinfectants are only effective when used properly.
Disinfectants are some of the most common chemical challenges encountered by medical gloves.
Disinfectants are substances that also inhibit bacteria growth but are harsh to eukaryotic tissues.
Disinfectants are very active compounds.
Disinfectants are very hard on the chair materials.
Disinfectants can cause deterioration of the glove material.
Disinfectants can cause inflamed skin, hair loss, and severe damage to the eyes.
Disinfectants can have the same effects.
Disinfectants differ in their spectrum of activity.
Disinfectants fall into categories based on active ingredients and their ability to kill pathogens.
Disinfectants have a special role in maintaining cleanliness in areas of physical contact.
Disinfectants help stop the growth of disease causing microorganisms carried in flood water.
Disinfectants kill germs like fungus and mold.
Disinfectants kill harmful bacteria.
Disinfectants kill mold growing on hard surfaces such as walls and hard floors.
Disinfectants kill mold growing on hard surfaces, such as walls and hard floors.
Disinfectants play an important role in the daily routine of many of our colleagues.
Disinfectants Read and follow all manufacturer's handling instructions.
Disinfectants reduce the exposure time and number of organisms.
Disinfectants require a bit more care, but are still fairly safe.
Disinfectants require the removal of soils from a surface before they are effective.
Disinfectants work by destroying the cell wall of microbes or interfering with the metabolism.
All disinfectants are less effective in the presence of organic matter.
All disinfectants list a contact or dwell time needed for all the listed organisms to be killed.
All disinfectants take time to work.
All disinfectants work best on a clean surface.
Any disinfectant can kill it easily as long as it is used in a proper way.
Many disinfectants are available for use in livestock buildings.
Many disinfectants are corrosive and damaging to equipment parts.
Many disinfectants are extremely poisonous to fish and shellfish.
Many disinfectants do kill viruses.
Most disinfectants are less effective if used in the presence of organic material.
Most disinfectants contain organic solvents that are flammable and poisonous.
Some disinfectants are more effective in the presence of organic matter than others.
Some disinfectants can clog and gum-up spray nozzles if added to the water used in humidifiers.
Disinfected files become unusable.
Disinfection byproducts can be quite harmful in high doses.
Disinfection alone is usually ineffective.
Disinfection can occur prior to holding ponds, tanks, or application.
Disinfection can, in itself, be a risky process.
Disinfection destroys all the microorganisms in a certain environment except for spores.
Disinfection is a major part of that as well.
Disinfection is a preventive procedure designed to kill disease-causing agents.
Disinfection is a way of ensuring that drinking water is free from pathogens.
Disinfection is accomplished by the addition of chlorine and ammonia.
Disinfection is achieved by dissolving the tablet in non-preserved saline.
Disinfection is an integral part of disease prevention for both humans and animals.
Disinfection is by the addition of sodium hypochlorite solution.
Disinfection is defined as the killing of microorganisms.
Disinfection is done by chlorination.
Disinfection is important in the prevention of eye infections.
Disinfection is mandated by the state.
Disinfection is medical aid
Disinfection is medical care.
Disinfection is much more effective on clean vehicles.
Disinfection is needed because some bacteria and viruses can pass through filters.
Disinfection is required for all public surface water systems and some groundwater systems.
Disinfection is required for all public water suppliers.
Disinfection is the final stage of secondary treatment.
Disinfection is the final step after all defects in location and construction have been corrected.
Disinfection is the minimum treatment for drinking water from a groundwater source.
Disinfection is the most important single factor in maintaining a pool which is safe and healthful.
Disinfection is the primary weapon against microbial risk.
Disinfection is the process by which chemicals are added to water to reduce bacterial contamination.
Disinfection is the selective destruction of pathogenic organisms.
Disinfection is tricky.
Disinfection is verified by several methods.
Disinfection is with chlorine and dechlorination is with sulfur dioxide.
Disinfection kills bacteria in water.
Disinfection kills microorganisms.
Disinfection Let s give a little information first.
Disinfection means essentially the same as sanitation.
Disinfection means the destruction of disease-causing microorganisms.
Disinfection means to remove or kill pathogens.
Disinfection protects against infectious disease by reducing the number of pathogens in the water.
Disinfection reduces the concentration of organisms to safe levels.
Disinfection uses ozonation and, particularly, chlorination to kill disease-causing microbes.
Disinfection utilizes chlorination through a serpentine tank.
Disinfective oils reduce bladder infections by decreasing bacterial growth.
Disinflation can create a dilemma for policy makers, since it means increased unemployment.
Disinflation is a decline in the rate of increase in average prices.
Disinflation is a decrease in the rate of inflation.
Disinflation is a physical process
Disinflation is a slowing of the rate of inflation.
Disinflation leads people toreturn to normal levels of real balance holdings.
Disinflation occurs when the rate of inflation slows down.
Disinflation refers to falling inflation.
A disinformation is misinformation
Disinformation can be disseminated quickly, verification process is a problem.
Disinformation causes chaos magick which feeds demons.
Disinformation continue to play a large part in Fiji today.
Disinformation goes a long way.
Disinformation is a lie told as a truth.
Disinformation is a modern word.
Disinformation is a search engine with a twist.
Disinformation is a tool designed to deal with short term or delimited affairs.
Disinformation is always dangerous.
Disinformation is an effective weapon against belief systems.
DisInformation is an inch wide and a mile deep.
Disinformation is as easy to spread as real information.
Disinformation is dependent on context.
Disinformation is synonymous with dissatisfaction and disillusion.
Disinformation is the biggest Mexican art of the twentieth century.
Disinformation only causes distrust and broadens the gap between control and empowerment.
DisInformation presents the soft underbelly of the web.
Disinformation serves to impress upon the refugees the militias continuing power.
Disinformation takes many forms.
Disinformations are located in internets.
Disinformations are misinformation.
More disinformation is on the way.
Some disinformation is to counter a message unwanted.
Some disinformation is to put forth a message they wish the populace to believe.
Disinhibiting factors act as triggering mechanisms for setting off violence.
Disintegrated material is moved to lower levels, leaving fresh bedrock exposed.
Disintegration becomes the theme of all major works of literature.
Disintegration can take two forms.
Disintegration is decay
Disintegration is disability.
Disintegration is one of the higher paced games.
Disintegration is the way the tablet breaks down.
Disintegration isa condition.
Disintegration merely shows that the tablet breaks up into small particles.
Some disintegration causes tsunamis.
Disinterested fans enjoy a night in the country.
Disjunct populations are present in the southwestern and central portions of the United States.
Disjunct populations exist in northeastern Iowa, western Wisconsin, and Minnesota.
Disjunct populations occur in Wisconsin, Michigan, and northeast into Ontario and Quebec.
Some disjunct populations differ consistently in one or more characters.
Disjunction contrasts with conjunction.
Disjunction has a fairly obvious translation.
Disjunction is separation
Disjunction is separation.
Any disjunction is equivalent to a conditional, and so is any negated conjunction.
Disjunctive cleavages require no such primary fabric.
Disjunctive questions share certain characteristics with both yes-no questions and declaratives.
Disk compression comes at a price - performance.
Disk compression has no effect on calculating space utilization.
A disk controller is control
Disk controller is an electronic board in the computer that controls the disk.
Disk copy is due at the same time.
Disk crash is the most frequent cause for data loss.
A disk drive is a drive
Disk drives are complex machines.
Disk drives are drives.
Disk drives are part of computers.
All disk drives are hot swappable and mounted on slide-in shuttles.
All disk drives have indicator lights that show when the disk is actually being used.
Many disk drives improve their performance through a technique called caching .
Some disk drives have the receptor installed next to the light.
Disk failure is by far the most common failure in a web cache, though it is still very rare.
Disk filters are good at removing both particulates, like sand, and organic matter.
Some disk florets produce seeds.
Disk flowers are the smaller ones in the center.
Disk flowers cover the remainder of the head and are regular, symmetrical, and usually less showy.
Disk fragmentation can affect the performance of playing sampled-sound files from disk.
Disk fragmentation can have very detrimental effects on system response time.
Disk golf is also open to students with no athletic talent.
All disk images contain at least one partition.
Disk labels are normally available free of charge beside the machine.
Disk management is extremely important.
Every disk partition is simply an empty space with a beginning and an end.
Many disk partitions are cross mounted for convenience.
Disk quotas are an attempt to encourage disk space conservation.
Disk quotas are in place on all home disks, to keep data deterioration under control.
Disk quotas are in place to prevent careless users from filling up the disks.
Disk quotas are the only way to ensure that everyone gets a fair share of the available space.
Disk snapshots provide quick file lookup and allow comparison with earlier file states.
Disk space costs money.
Disk space includes website and mailbox storage.
Disk space is a factor.
Disk space is a limited resource and various methods are used to manage it.
Disk space is a little more expensive than transfer bandwidth.
Disk space is a minor concern.
Disk space is a scarce, limited resource.
Disk space is allocated for the secondary-only area only when the master is dynamically expanded.
Disk space is allocated generously as long as it is available.
Disk space is allocated in the clone fileset and the original data is copied into the new space.
Disk space is always a limited resource.
Disk space is approx.
Disk space is charged on an average of that month.
Disk space is cheap - keeping the interest of readers is what's important here.
Disk space is cheap.
Disk space is comparatively slow, large, cheap, and permanent.
Disk space is counted in full megabytes.
Disk space is eaten up, CPU cycles disappear, and network traffic increases.
Disk space is less expensive than memory, but access times are also significantly longer.
Disk space is likely to be the biggest problem for anyone trying to upgrade an older system.
Disk space is limited, so please be courteous of other users.
Disk space is limited, so try to keep images small.
Disk space is limited.
Disk space is much much cheaper than time and headache.
Disk space is needed to run reports and maintain other files.
Disk space is neither infinite nor free.
Disk space is one of the variables by which most Web hosting companies charge their customers.
Disk space is primarily for academic course use only.
Disk space is provided on our servers for publishing a business web page.
Disk space is provided on the mainframe for all students to create and maintain their own websites.
Disk space is recaptured at that time.
Disk space is space
Disk space is space.
Disk space is sufficient for most cruises, but is limited.
Disk space is sufficient for most cruises.
Disk space is used and given back as the hashtable expands and contracts.
Disk space is used as needed and is managed by the group.
Disk space is used economically because it is managed on a sector basis.
Disk space is very tight.
Disk space remaining is displayed in bytes.
Disk spaces appear as all other disk areas, depending on the operating system of the individual.
All disk space is backed up to tape nightly.
All disk space is mirrored nightly.
All disk space is provided for work related activities.
All disk space is returned at end of session.
Any disk space allocated for unused files is wasted.
More disk space is available for a small fee.
More disk space is available for an additional fee.
More disk space is needed for the optional software.
Some disk space is used by the servers.
Disk stars tend to be young and metal rich.
Disk storage is cheap and there are systems that attempt to archive the spew from net news.
Disk storage is dependent on quotas and numbers of users.
Disk storage is difficult to realize technologically.
Disk storage is like candy for a kid.
Disk storage is limited per user.
Disk storage is manageable, and can be expanded at low cost.
Disk storage is the centerpiece for any storage infrastructure.
Disk storage is used for long-term storage of programs and data.
Disk storage works much like a filing cabinet .
All disk storage is periodically copied to magnetic tape as a backup.
Disk system architectures for high performance computing.
Disk usage counts toward base account total.
Disk usage is averaged over the month with data collected each night.
Disk usage is reported as a number of blocks.
Disk utilities can be a key to recovering lost data on floppy or hard disks.
All disk utilities function on the same premise.
A disk is a round shape
DISK allows for suspend to the hard disk suspend partition only.
Disk brakes on all three wheels provide excellent stopping power.
Disk isa shape.
Disk radiates away energy and cools off.
Disk seek error.
Disk seek time is also small, usually in the millisecond range.
Disk terms Too big to think about all at once.
Disk works with all computerized sewing machines.
Disk write fault.
Disks allow editing of material by teachers.
Disks also allow information to be transferred between different computers.
Disks are a hallmark of young stars and are believed to be regions of planet formation.
Disks are a hallmark of young stars and are thought to be regions of planet formation.
Disks are acceptable.
Disks are all of different sizes and it's forbidden to place a bigger disk on top of a smaller one.
Disks are also available.
Disks are also fine.
Disks are always full.
Disks are analogous to modern diamonds, and represent earth and business.
Disks are another source of said problems.
Disks are available at the bookstore.
Disks are available at the office.
Disks are available containing hundreds of songs already entered.
Disks are available for checkout at the library front desk.
Disks are available for checkout through the library.
Disks are available for in-house use.
Disks are available for pick-up in the English department office.
Disks are available for purchase at the computer desk.
Disks are available for purchase from computer personnel.
Disks are available for sale at the campus bookstore and at the library circulation desk.
Disks are available from a number of retail outlets or directly from Imation on their Web site.
Disks are available from Helpdesk points or from disk dispensers.
Disks are available in the Bookstore.
Disks are biodegradable and non-toxic.
Disks are cheap to mass produce and also drives.
Disks are cheap.
Disks are circles.
Disks are circular objects.
Disks are circulars.
Disks are cold , so tides produce narrow ribbon-like features.
Disks are compatible with the CD-ROM drives.
Disks are cylinders.
Disks are delicate.
Disks are due at the beginning of the class period on collection days.
Disks are due at the beginning of the class.
Disks are expensive.
Disks are flats.
Disks are for sale at the bookstore.
Disks are fragile and are carefully packed in rigid shipping materials.
Disks are generally more likely to fail either very early or very late in their lifetimes.
Disks are hardware and have a limited size.
Disks are inexpensive and portable and can hold several hundred pages worth of information.
Disks are located in cd players.
Disks are located in computer stores.
Disks are located in computers.
Disks are located in disk drives.
Disks are located in hard drives.
Disks are many times faster than tape devices, even the new tape technologies.
Disks are more expensive than blank CDs.
Disks are much slower than memory, but they tend to have a very large storage capacity.
Disks are multi-session.
Disks are non-returnable.
Disks are nonreturnable.
Disks are nonvolatile.
Disks are on sale at the circulation desk.
Disks are plates.
Disks are preferred.
Disks are pretty much always in the first group.
Disks are quite sensitive to dust.
Disks are really strong, and susp.seat post takes the big hits.
Disks are round shapes.
Disks are rounds.
Disks are sensitive to heat and cold and warping which can occur inside a van.
Disks are slow, and RAID controllers are slower.
Disks are softer than bone and act as cushions between the vertebrae, giving the back flexibility.
Disks are squares.
Disks are the computer's storage medium.
Disks are to be returned within five days.
Disks are to be supplied by the user.
Disks are used for data storage.
Disks are used for storage.
Disks are used for storing information.
Disks are used for throws.
Disks are usually available pre-formatted.
Disks are usually the highest level of the storage pyramid that is non-volatile.
Disks avoid the domain between the high and low surface brightness zones.
Disks can and do fail, often at the most awkward and inconvenient times.
Disks can be flexible and movable floppy diskettes, or rigid and un-movable hard disks.
Disks can be gold-plated for an additional cost.
Disks can be ruptured, ligaments can sprain, and muscles can be strained.
Disks can contain folders, documents or applications.
Disks can fail.
Disks can get confusing.
Disks can go bad and it's possible to lose all the files on a disk.
Disks can go bad, and occasionally printouts can be lost or misplaced.
Disks can just be Disks.
Disks come in several different sizes, storage capacities and types.
Disks come in various sizes and densities.
Disks come with adhesive backing and without.
Disks come with map boundaries.
Disks come with structured, menu driven software designed for use by census novices.
Disks consist of many platters.
Disks contain all the software needed for the non-credit course.
Disks fill up quite fast.
Disks get full and space needs to be juggled.
Disks go in drives.
Disks have different physical characteristics as well as different software requirements.
Disks have outlines which closely resemble ellipses, while lanes are warped filaments.
Disks mass blank media clam shells paper production.
Disks now appear on the desktop by default.
Disks occasionally go bad, making it difficult or impossible to retrieve files.
Disks plow soil for cultivation.
Disks provide long-term, inexpensive method of storing information.
Disks require special handling for shipping.
Disks retain their data for years, even after the power is removed.
Disks slide freely on dowel.
Disks spin , so the response depends on the inclination.
Disks use magnetic media to store programs and documents.
Disks used in an infected system can then carry the virus to another machine.
Disks sometimes make a slight rubbing sound out pads.
All disk accesses using system calls require a file control block.
All disks are concentric.
All disks are high density unless noted otherwise.
All disks are subject to failure.
All disks exceed the guideline.
All disks go bad.
All disks have directories in which they store files.
All disks have equal thickness.
All disks meet guideline.
All disks support all sound cards supported by linux.
All disks used in classes are originals or backups of originals.
All disks used on the course are virus-checked.
All disks wear out and fail.
Any disk can cause infection if it is in the drive when the computer boots up.
Any disk can fail with catastrophic data loss.
Any disk can fail.
Any disk is made up of a combination of cylinders, heads and sectors per track.
Every disk can hold a ton of data.
Every disk has a boot sector.
Every disk has at least one directory called the root directory .
Every disk has at least one directory.
Every disk has the information for all past locations on it to minimize switching disks.
Many disks can shoot arrows, crossbows bolts, fireballs or boulders.
Many disks reflect a title which is issued monthly, annually, or irregularly.
More disk is necessary, but the key factor is a larger user population.
More disks mean higher revving power while less discs mean less revving and greater low end torque.
Most disks have a manufacturer bad block list listed on a piece of paper or adhesive sticker.
Most disks have at least a few megabytes that that can go.
Most disks have just one such unit.
Most disks have multiple platters stacked vertically with a single head for each platter.
Most disks have only one open file.
Most disks have only one spindle.
Some disks can misread information.
Some disks can read data out of order into a buffer, reducing rotational delay for a large transfer.
Some disks contain gases.
Some disks contain images.
Some disks have a central cavity, meaning that they are really ring-shaped.
Diskette failure is no excuse for late assignments.
Diskette selection retains last cursor position.
Diskette submission is required .
A diskette is a disc
Diskettes also require humidity below a certain level.
Diskettes are a lot cheaper than they used to be.
Diskettes are actually cheaper than color laser copies and a lot more impressive.
Diskettes are also available for users without a CD-ROM drive.
Diskettes are also available separately.
Diskettes are also available.
Diskettes are also easier to store and quicker to reference.
Diskettes are available at the bookstore.
Diskettes are available at the Bookstore.
Diskettes are available at the campus bookstore and local computer supply outlets.
Diskettes are available for all users.
Diskettes are available for an additional shipping and handling charge.
Diskettes are available for entire regions.
Diskettes are available for purchase at the campus bookstore.
Diskettes are available for purchase at the circulation desk.
Diskettes are available for purchase in the college bookstore.
Diskettes are available from library staff at the specified cost.
Diskettes are available from library staff for a minimal charge.
Diskettes are available from reference librarians for a minimal charge.
Diskettes are available from the front desk for transferring files.
Diskettes are available in the campus bookstore or anywhere computer supplies are sold.
Diskettes are available.
Diskettes are cheap and easy to use, but they can hold only a small amount of data.
Diskettes are cheap, when it gets down to it.
Diskettes are durable and reliable if handled properly.
Diskettes are extremely sensitive to magnetic fields.
Diskettes are interchangeable between drives and can be encrypted and decrypted in both drives.
Diskettes are invaluable for boot purposes when the system portion of a hard drive has a problem.
Diskettes are magnetic disks.
Diskettes are more susceptible to dirt and mishandling than tapes.
Diskettes are no longer practical for hard drive backup .
Diskettes are often available for purchase for a nominal fee.
Diskettes are part of computers.
Diskettes are possible also.
Diskettes are preferred, as format is better preserved.
Diskettes are prone to failure due to bad sectors and formatting errors.
Diskettes are still the best medium for many applications.
Diskettes are thin, plastic flexible disks on which information can be stored magnetically.
Diskettes are to be scanned for viruses before use.
Diskettes are very sensitive to dust and other contaminates.
Diskettes are well established, and have an immense and growing installed base.
Diskettes can and do go bad.
Diskettes can be defective.
Diskettes can be unreliable, yielding corrupt, unreadable files for no apparent reason.
Diskettes can fail, and files can be corrupted unexpectedly.
Diskettes can hold information that is too bulky, or too expensive, to put into print.
Diskettes can melt in an automobile parked in the sun.
Diskettes come in two sizes.
Diskettes contain a substantial amount of data written in a very small area.
Diskettes fail and e-mail fails.
Diskettes fail regularly and are the most unreliable part the computing.
Diskettes have fragile magnetic media.
Diskettes have more storage capacity than do cassette tapes.
Diskettes Here is a list of diskettes that have been developed over the years.
Diskettes seem indestructible.
Diskettes take a lot less storage room than books.
Diskettes taken home from the meet are incorrect.
Diskettes use one or two sectors per cluster for storage.
Diskettes wear out and have a limited life span.
Any diskette can carry a virus.
Every diskette is a potential source for a computer virus.
Every diskette is a potential source of a computer virus.
Many diskettes come pre-formatted for PCs.
Most diskettes now come pre-formatted.
Diskless clients boot remotely from a diskless server and use the server for remote paging.
Diskless clients can mount exported directory to their root directory.
Diskless computers are absolutely maintainence free and troublefree.
Diskless computers are absolutely maintenance free and troublefree.
Diskless computers are extremely fast because program loading time is completely eliminated.
Diskless hosts require a mechanism to boot remotely over a network.
Diskless machines have several advantages.
Diskless workstations are another class of device where it is inconvenient to store keys locally.
DiskUs authors are very important to the publishing company and to their fans.
Dislike is a tendency
Some dislikes are yucky bugs and stuff.
Disliked groups lack complex emotions.
Dislocated shoulders are common in contact sports such as football, rugby, hockey, and lacrosse.
Dislocated workers are succcessful career oriented workers.
Dislocation breeds discontent.
Dislocation breeds uncertainty.
Dislocation can lead to serious injuries.
Dislocation happens most often with hip replacements.
Dislocation is a particularly interesting device to look at.
Dislocation is an injury that results in a bone being moved out of place.
Dislocation is Cool.
Dislocation is disruption.
Dislocation is either unilateral or bilateral.
Dislocation is injuries.
Dislocation is interruptions.
Dislocation is perturbation
Dislocation is the most severe injury affecting the shoulder.
Dislocation is when the ball comes out of the socket.
Dislocation means that the metal ball slips out of the plastic socket.
Dislocations are extended line defects and their motion involve the collective motion of many atoms.
Dislocations are more common after complex surgeries.
Dislocations can also act as fast diffusion pathways.
Dislocations can also affect a joint, the point where two or more bones come together.
Dislocations can recur.
Dislocations can slip in planes containing both the dislocation line and the Burgers vector.
Dislocations come in almost every era.
Dislocations correspond to the insertion of an extra period in the stripe pattern.
Dislocations give rise to the characteristic malleability of metals.
Dislocations Immediately apply a hot wet cloth to the injury for twenty minutes.
Dislocations move most readily in slip planes.
Dislocations play an important role in bulk microstructural changes that occur upon poling.
Dislocations require reduction and treatment by an abduction spica.
Dislocations tend to occur after delivery.
Dislocations often enter as pairs, or as loops.
Most dislocations occur after birth and are related to unstable or dislocatable hips.
Dislodged clots can lead to bleeding, stroke or other problems.
Dislodged fleas are reddish brown to black.
Disloyal workers cause breakdowns on the job, creating unemployment.
Dismal antics cease.
Dismal River is shallow - limited tubbing and canoeing.
Dismal slums are commonplace.
Dismal times follow.
Dismay isa feeling.
Dismembered man becomes whole again.
Dismemberment is a mutilation
Dismemberment is torturing
Dismemberment rips apart what no longer is to live.
Dismemberments are common.
A dismissal is judgment
Dismissal based on application of a statute of limitations is subject to plenary review.
Dismissal can be and has been applied to first offenses.
Dismissal illustrates difficulties in suing in U.S. courts for expropriation claims.
Dismissal is a failure of that commitment, on both sides.
Dismissal is a final action.
Dismissal is a permanent academic action.
Dismissal is a permanent action.
Dismissal is a sanction for egregious cases.
Dismissal is a serious step.
Dismissal is a very difficult time for some children.
Dismissal is appropriate only where both prongs are satisfied.
Dismissal is appropriate.
Dismissal is at the regular time.
Dismissal is automatic after a second failure of the examination.
Dismissal is effective immediately.
Dismissal is final and precludes the possibility of readmission.
Dismissal is no doubt one of the worst and most undesirable things to experience.
Dismissal is proper only if the allegations in the petition clearly show plaintiff has no claim.
Dismissal is the disenrollment of a student for an indefinite period of time.
Dismissal is the only appropriate discipline given the results of the internal inquiry.
Dismissal is thus to be distinguished from the non-reappointment of a probationary faculty member.
Dismissal is thus to be distinguished from the non-reappointment of a probationary librarian.
Dismissal Now go on in peace.
Dismissal promotes fairness to the litigants and the efficiency of the judicial system.
Dismissals are for one calendar year.
Dismissals are notice.
Dismissals are permission.
Dismissals are terminations.
Dismissals continue to be closely regulated.
Dismissals increase productivity, to a point.
Dismissals usually take place at the end of a term.
Most dismissals happen because the cop fails to show up.
A dismount is a conclusion
Dismounts are an important part of the total routine and are usually acrobatic and spectacular.
Disney animation is always a favorite.
Disney animators offer workshops on traditional and computer animation.
Disney characters are on hand along with live music, fun and games for the entire family.
Disney executives have similar fears.
Disney fans are the greatest.
Disney fans are very lucky in that there is a lot of terrific art available to collect.
Disney land is in California.
Disney land is like a theme park.
Disney merchandise is also available.
Disney merchandise is discounted for sale at various Southern California locations.
Disney movies are good.
Disney movies are more than just classics.
Disney movies have a big impact.
Disney movies have bad guys, but the good guys always win.
Disney pics are usually better than the average bear.
Disney resorts are popular, meaning they fill up quickly and early reservations are important.
Disney resorts have among the highest occupancy rates in the world.
Disney resorts offer wonderful theming.
Disney resorts provide towels for the pools.
Disney ships are floating resorts, and fabulous destinations in themselves.
Disney tickets are good for the number of days listed on the ticket and never expire.
Disney training focuses on safety, efficiency and fun, in that order.
Disney vacations are about attractions, yes.
Disney vacations are our specialty.
Disney workers meet regularly to talk about improving their service.
Disney world has an interesting concept.
Disney world is two hours away.
Disobedience arises out of disbelief.
Disobedience becomes the undeniable evidence of unbelief.
Disobedience brings corporate negative sanctions.
Disobedience brings separation.
Disobedience brings trouble while obedience brings blessing.
Disobedience can be a loving act of righteousness.
Disobedience can never be anything but a concrete decision in a single particular case.
Disobedience comes from the hypocrites and they learn from chastisements.
Disobedience creates civilization.
Disobedience here includes both doctrinal and practical matters.
Disobedience is a killing thing.
Disobedience is a sin against equity.
Disobedience is as the sin of divination.
Disobedience is certain death while obedience from the heart is eternal life.
Disobedience is destructive.
Disobedience is directly proportional to the shortfall in love.
Disobedience is disobedience.
Disobedience is evidence of the lack of love.
Disobedience is idolatry.
Disobedience is insubordination.
Disobedience is punished.
Disobedience is rebelliousness
Disobedience is related to hearing.
Disobedience is sin irrespective of who does it.
Disobedience is sin, and humans have no ability to pay the debt created by even the smallest act.
Disobedience is the manifestation of the refractoriness expressed in gainsaying.
Disobedience is the original sin - and then the society takes revenge with a great vengeance.
Disobedience is the result of carelessness and often mere stubbornness.
Disobedience is the root of unbelief.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
Disobedience is threatened.
Disobedience is when the horse knows and has done the correct behavior previously and now refuses.
Disobedience leads to disobedience.
Disobedience leads to disqualification.
Disobedience leads to sure death.
Disobedience limits our capacity to exercise that agency.
Disobedience produces results in our lives.
Disobedience quickly follows unbelief.
Disobedience reduces the life span and destroys any blessings.
Disobedience shows a misplacement of fear.
Disobedience shows a misplacement of praise.
Disobedience weakens the heart and the body.
Any disobedience can result in criminal prosecution.
Any disobedience can result in criminal punishment.
Disorders of sleep are quite common, but once diagnosed are often readily treatable.
Disorder affects age male smokers.
Disorder affects bone growth.
Disorder affects cigarette smokers.
Disorder affects female hormones.
Disorder affects female sex hormones.
Disorder affects functions.
Disorder affects growth.
Disorder affects hormones.
Disorder affects male smokers.
Disorder affects quality.
Disorder affects sex hormones.
Disorder affects smokers.
Disorder affects societies.
Disorder affects structures.
Disorder also causes premature graying of hair.
Disorder arises from order, cowardice arises from courage, weakness arises from strength.
Disorder associates with acid deficiencies.
Disorder associates with deficiencies.
Disorder associates with diseases.
Disorder associates with liver diseases.
Disorder breaks out during which black youths loot stores.
Disorder breaks out.
Disorder breeds fear.
Disorder can tame chaos.
Disorder cans have impact.
Disorder cans have negative impact.
Disorder causes adverse effects.
Disorder causes defects.
Disorder causes degeneration.
Disorder causes disturbances.
Disorder causes effects.
Disorder causes extreme reaction.
Disorder causes metabolic disturbances.
Disorder causes pain.
Disorder causes reaction.
Disorder causes sensation.
Disorder causes significant adverse effects.
Disorder causes significant effects.
Disorder causes startle reaction.
Disorder causes symptoms.
Disorder causes unusual reaction.
Disorder creates fear and invites serious crime.
Disorder has an adverse effect on ch'i.
Disorder has big impact.
Disorder has different outcomes.
Disorder has effects.
Disorder has impact.
Disorder has outcomes.
Disorder has similar symptoms.
Disorder has symptoms.
Disorder impairs ability.
Disorder impairs functions.
Disorder impairs growth.
Disorder impairs kidney functions.
Disorder impairs physical growth.
Disorder includes bone deformities, enlarged liver and spleen.
Disorder includes defects.
Disorder includes deficiencies.
Disorder includes deformities.
Disorder includes inflammation.
Disorder increases over time.
Disorder influences attitude.
Disorder involves activities.
Disorder involves defects.
Disorder involves lack.
Disorder involves such activities.
Disorder is a condition
Disorder is a convenient concept for desktops and closets, but is too imprecise for physics.
Disorder is an electronic art project.
Disorder is caused by absence.
Disorder is caused by defects.
Disorder is caused by deficiencies.
Disorder is caused by deposition.
Disorder is caused by factors.
Disorder is caused by toxins.
Disorder is characterised by a strong compulsion in attraction towards very young children.
Disorder is characterized by abnormalities.
Disorder is characterized by collagen abnormalities.
Disorder is characterized by weakness.
Disorder is defined by a summing of symptoms of the person.
Disorder is everywhere, and growing worse day by day.
Disorder is independant of time.
Disorder is measured with the amount of agreement with statements about one's neighborhood - i.e.
Disorder is more likely than order.
Disorder is now the lot of that was once very good in the beginning.
Disorder is present in isopropoxy- and isopropyl ligands.
Disorder is present in the dme of the present structure, and no hydrogens are present.
Disorder is reckoned to be the opposite of order.
Disorder is simply unrelated information viewed through some particular grid.
Disorder is states.
Disorder is theorized to cause fear.
Disorder isa condition.
Disorder leads to behavior.
Disorder leads to disease and malfunction.
Disorder leads to problems.
Disorder leads to syndromes.
Disorder leads to violent behavior.
Disorder likewise shows itself in disordered behavior.
Disorder Makes humor, goes The equation.
Disorder means much the same, with perhaps some slight reference to an irregularity of the system.
Disorder occurs after events.
Disorder prevents absorption.
Disorder regularly erupts in the party's leadership ranks.
Disorder reigns everywhere.
Disorder requires comprehensive treatments.
Disorder requires different treatments.
Disorder requires term treatments.
Disorder requires treatments.
Disorder results from inflammation.
Disorder results in acute pain.
Disorder results in ailment.
Disorder results in gastrointestinal ailment.
Disorder results in pain.
Disorder results in problems.
Disorder seems to be always on the increase.
Disorder tends to increase.
Disorder varies in severity.
Disorder wastes time, energy and materials.
Disorders are a symptom of being out of harmony with the natural order.
Disorders are also related to age, sex and weather conditions.
Disorders are identified, therapy is prescribed, and results are achieved.
Disorders begin to appear.
Disorders can include depression and substance abuse.
Disorders can include skin cancers, moles, contact dermatitis and hair loss.
Disorders can range from mild to severe.
Disorders can vary in intensity and frequency among individuals for reasons unrelated to work.
Disorders examined include myocardial infarction, cancer, obesity, headaches, and chronic pain.
Disorders fade to light purple then light grey as they are eliminated.
Disorders involving basophils are very rare.
Disorders involving excessive thoracic kyphosis are also often related to faulty respiration.
Disorders Learn about disorders related to hearing and how they can be treated.
Disorders normally result from underactivity or overactivity of the thyroid gland.
Disorders occur more often in males than females.
Disorders related to sexual activity are also relatively common.
Disorders show characteristic patterns on growth chart.
Disorders vary in severity and chronicity and the degree to which they impair daily functioning.
All disorders are the product of both nature and nurture.
All disorders intrude on life in some way.
All disorders meet in one forum to hear speakers discuss issues that apply to all of the disorders.
Many disorders can cause internal tissue browning or even the development of gas pockets.
Many disorders can produce neck masses including benign lymph nodes, congenital cysts, and cancers.
More disorder implies fewer noncovalent interactions in the remote region.
Most disorder affects age male smokers.
Most disorder affects bone growth.
Most disorder affects cigarette smokers.
Most disorder affects female hormones.
Most disorder affects female sex hormones.
Most disorder affects functions.
Most disorder affects growth.
Most disorder affects hormones.
Most disorder affects male smokers.
Most disorder affects quality.
Most disorder affects sex hormones.
Most disorder affects smokers.
Most disorder affects societies.
Most disorder affects structures.
Most disorder causes adverse effects.
Most disorder causes defects.
Most disorder causes degeneration.
Most disorder causes disturbances.
Most disorder causes effects.
Most disorder causes extreme reaction.
Most disorder causes metabolic disturbances.
Most disorder causes pain.
Most disorder causes reaction.
Most disorder causes sensation.
Most disorder causes significant adverse effects.
Most disorder causes significant effects.
Most disorder causes startle reaction.
Most disorder causes symptoms.
Most disorder causes unusual reaction.
Most disorder has big impact.
Most disorder has different outcomes.
Most disorder has effects.
Most disorder has impact.
Most disorder has outcomes.
Most disorder has similar symptoms.
Most disorder has symptoms.
Most disorder impairs physical growth.
Most disorder includes defects.
Most disorder includes deficiencies.
Most disorder includes deformities.
Most disorder includes inflammation.
Most disorder involves activities.
Most disorder involves defects.
Most disorder involves lack.
Most disorder involves such activities.
Most disorder is caused by absence.
Most disorder is caused by defects.
Most disorder is caused by deficiencies.
Most disorder is caused by deposition.
Most disorder is caused by factors.
Most disorder is caused by toxins.
Most disorder is characterized by abnormalities.
Most disorder is characterized by collagen abnormalities.
Most disorder is characterized by weakness.
Most disorder leads to behavior.
Most disorder leads to problems.
Most disorder leads to syndromes.
Most disorder leads to violent behavior.
Most disorder occurs after events.
Most disorder prevents absorption.
Most disorder requires comprehensive treatments.
Most disorder requires different treatments.
Most disorder requires term treatments.
Most disorder requires treatments.
Most disorder varies in severity.
Most disorders affect the nigrostriatal dopaminergic projection.
Most disorders associated with malnutrition are able to be treated.
Most disorders tend to co-occur and to occur on a continuum of mild to moderate to severe.
Some disorder affects adults.
Some disorder affects australian adults.
Some disorder affects axons.
Some disorder affects backs.
Some disorder affects carbohydrate metabolism.
Some disorder affects cattle.
Some disorder affects children.
Some disorder affects connective tissue.
Some disorder affects dairy cattle.
Some disorder affects different types.
Some disorder affects dogs.
Some disorder affects eyes.
Some disorder affects infants.
Some disorder affects lungs.
Some disorder affects men.
Some disorder affects metabolism.
Some disorder affects motor axons.
Some disorder affects mucuses.
Some disorder affects nerves.
Some disorder affects partners.
Some disorder affects peripheral nerves.
Some disorder affects pupils.
Some disorder affects pythons.
Some disorder affects respiration.
Some disorder affects several types.
Some disorder affects tissue.
Some disorder affects types.
Some disorder causes abnormal bone growth.
Some disorder causes abnormal growth.
Some disorder causes absorption.
Some disorder causes blindness.
Some disorder causes bone growth.
Some disorder causes breathe trouble.
Some disorder causes cysts.
Some disorder causes damage.
Some disorder causes death.
Some disorder causes enlargements.
Some disorder causes growth.
Some disorder causes hair growth.
Some disorder causes inflammation.
Some disorder causes large cysts.
Some disorder causes lymph node enlargements.
Some disorder causes motor movement.
Some disorder causes movement.
Some disorder causes muscle weakness.
Some disorder causes seizures.
Some disorder causes slow growth.
Some disorder causes slow hair growth.
Some disorder causes trouble.
Some disorder causes unusual movement.
Some disorder causes weakness.
Some disorder contributes to death.
Some disorder damages renal arteries.
Some disorder damages small arteries.
Some disorder damages small renal arteries.
Some disorder exhibits features.
Some disorder has inheritance patterns.
Some disorder has patterns.
Some disorder has recessive inheritance patterns.
Some disorder has recessive patterns.
Some disorder includes lack.
Some disorder includes tumors.
Some disorder increases pressure.
Some disorder interferes with ability.
Some disorder involves deficiencies.
Some disorder involves gigantisms.
Some disorder involves hormone deficiencies.
Some disorder involves hypersecretions.
Some disorder involves inflammation.
Some disorder involves metabolism.
Some disorder involves problems.
Some disorder is caused by activities.
Some disorder is caused by alcohol consumption.
Some disorder is caused by bugs.
Some disorder is caused by consumption.
Some disorder is caused by diabetes.
Some disorder is caused by excessive alcohol consumption.
Some disorder is caused by excessive consumption.
Some disorder is caused by herbages.
Some disorder is caused by metabolism.
Some disorder is caused by mutation.
Some disorder is caused by parasites.
Some disorder is caused by point mutation.
Some disorder is caused by recessive mutation.
Some disorder is caused by small bugs.
Some disorder is caused by young herbages.
Some disorder is characterized by deformities.
Some disorder is characterized by excretion.
Some disorder is considered a mortal sin of outright negligence.
Some disorder is encountered by care physicians.
Some disorder is encountered by physicians.
Some disorder is encountered by primary care physicians.
Some disorder is encountered by primary physicians.
Some disorder is marked by lack.
Some disorder lasts for months.
Some disorder leads to death.
Some disorder leads to deposition.
Some disorder leads to discharge.
Some disorder leads to onsets.
Some disorder limits excretion.
Some disorder limits motion.
Some disorder occurs at cellular levels.
Some disorder occurs at levels.
Some disorder occurs in advance livers.
Some disorder occurs in birds.
Some disorder occurs in chinchillas.
Some disorder occurs in late pregnancy.
Some disorder occurs in livers.
Some disorder occurs in men.
Some disorder occurs in pet chinchillas.
Some disorder occurs in pregnancy.
Some disorder occurs in winter.
Some disorder reflects abnormalities.
Some disorder relates to nutrition.
Some disorder relates to poor nutrition.
Some disorder relates to respiration.
Some disorder relates to water.
Some disorder triggers excretion.
Some disorders affect more than one organ system.
Some disorders affect only the central processing system.
Some disorders are acute and treatable, but many are chronic or progressive.
Some disorders are expressed on the undersides of the foliage.
Some disorders are genetic, and transmitted from parents to their children.
Some disorders are idiopathic, meaning there is no easily identifiable cause for the disease.
Some disorders are mild, while others are long lasting.
Some disorders are mild, while others are more disabling and require intensive management and care.
Some disorders are mild, while others are serious and long-lasting.
Some disorders are more common in some states, making testing more important.
Some disorders are more common than others, and conditions can range from mild to severe.
Some disorders are more difficult to recognize than others.
Some disorders are serious and require the help of medical specialists.
Some disorders can affect a child very early in life - even within the first few days.
Some disorders display similar or sometimes even the same symptom.
Some disorders have multiple interrelated causes, one of which is autoimmunity.
Some disorders have similar or even overlapping symptoms.
Some disorders have similar or even the same symptom.
Some disorders have similar or even the same symptoms.
Some disorders have similar symptoms.
Some disorders occur when healthy genes become damaged.
Some disorders result when a mutation causes the product of a single gene to be altered or missing.
Disordered eating can also cause premature bone loss or osteoporosis .
Disordered eating can develop into an eating disorder.
Disordered eating can lead to an eating disorder.
Disordered eating encompasses a range of poor nutritional behaviors.
Disordered eating feels like a lifeline to a girl.
All disordered eating is dangerous and at the very least disruptive to an individuals life.
Disordered glut incites iconoclasm.
Disordered regions are in gray.
Disordered sleep leads to poor health and increased risk of accidents.
Disordered slide proves much more useful as a very powerful mutator.
Disordered units displace first.
Disordered units rally to good morale.
Disorderly behavior is a violation
Disorderly behavior is unacceptable in any community, regardless of the status of the violator.
Disorderly believers are to be avoided.
Disorderly conduct constitutes a basis for university disciplinary action.
Disorderly conduct is a Class C misdemeanor.
Disorderly conduct is a violation
Disorderly conduct is a violation.
Disorderly conduct is misdemeanors.
Disorderly elements take an upper hand.
Disorderly fans are almost as old as the game itself.
Disorderly guests are subject to ejection from the parking lot premises and to criminal prosecution.
Disorderly persons are subject to arrest.
Disorderly teens alarm older shoppers, according to mall officials.
Disorganized answers reflect disorganized thinking.
Disorganized kids frustrate their parents, frustrate their teachers, and frustrate themselves.
Many disorganized people surround themselves with things that have meaning but no longer have use.
Many disorganized people think that they're more disorganized than anyone else.
Most disorganized people tend to keep too many belongings.
Disorganized ripples are common near, but outside, the dredged-material deposits, also.
Disorganized writing reflects disorganized illogical thought processes or careless preparation.
Disorientation comes quickly in blowing and drifting snow.
Disorientation increases suggestibility.
Disorientation is also a common problem that relates to wandering and becoming lost.
Disorientation is caused by different stimuli.
Disorientation is common as memory problems increase.
Disorientation is confusion
Disorientation is confusion.
Disorientation is delusion.
Disorientation is frequent in the psychoses of old age.
Disorientation is the whole point of Las Vegas.
Disorientation is their forte.
Disorientation is used in some forms of hypnotic induction.
Disorientation occurs in varying degrees from person to person.
Disorientation occurs in wind-driven snow.
Disorientation occurs quickly in wind driven snow and cold.
Disorientation occurs quickly in wind-driven snow and cold.
Disorientation occurs with the use of some drugs.
Disorientation sends others straight into the ground.
Disorientation sets in.
Disorientation often adds stress to what is already a stressful experience for new students.
Disparate applications work at varying levels of sophistication and reliability.
Disparate elements come together.
Disparate firewalls pose a problem for collaborative applications.
Disparate impact is a circumstantial method of proving discrimination.
Disparate impact makes that kind of tedious, time-consuming proof unnecessary.
Disparate incidents abound.
Disparate materials are well-woven with subtle and skillful manipulation.
Disparate results are at best fortuitous and at worst evidence of greed and avarice.
Disparate results suggest that even assessing recent historic temperature trends can be difficult.
Disparate sentences are more common.
Disparate things are very different from each other.
Disparate treatment covers intentional discrimination.
Disparate treatment ranges from overt discrimination to more subtle differences in treatment.
Disparities also exist in the prevalence of risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
Disparities also increase among cities in the same country.
Disparities are also evident in the deployment of health professionals throughout the country.
Disparities are often extreme between neighboring census tracts.
Disparities associated with information technologies are already perceptible.
Disparities crop up in what amounts to a north-south divide.
Disparities exist between workers.
Disparities exist in both mortality and incidence rates.
Disparities exist in outcomes among races, sexes, ages, regions, etc.
Disparities exist in performance among subgroups.
Disparities occur from how assessment is viewed or how assessment is used.
Disparities persist in the advancement of men and women on medical school faculties.
Disparity arises from the fact that our two eyes have a slightly different view of the world.
Disparity exists in the enrollment ratios for boys and girls in all our institutions of learning.
Disparity is caused by humanistic value judgments concerning the badness of a particular murder.
Disparity is inequality
Disparity is inequality.
Disparity means difference, disproportion, unevenness etc.
Disparity occurs when the funding allocation is determined to be disproportionate.
Disparity precedes diversity.
Disparities often exist despite job function and length of employment.
Any disparity is merely the result of the partial removal of a prior injustice.
Any disparity is very moderate.
Some disparities are much larger, however.
A dispassion is a trait
Dispassion is a two edged sword.
Dispassion is the best of mental states, and of human beings the best is the seer.
Dispassion is the having overcome one's desires.
Every dispassionate study says that s the key.
Dispatch centers can use a single system to move resources.
Some dispatch centers have comparators located at a remote location.
A dispatch is a report
Dispatch accepts connections iteratively and listens on only one socket.
Dispatch becomes totally computerized.
Dispatch Call toll-free, day or night, seven days a week for towing assistance.
Dispatch calls as appropriate, monitor and track calls for closure.
Dispatch calls for field officers.
Dispatch calls to officers.
Dispatch can also schedule requests to servers regardless of their location.
Dispatch can keep drivers instantaneously informed.
Dispatch can only conference for official use.
Dispatch deeply regrets the error.
Dispatch evolves slower that other aspects of public safety.
Dispatch has no access to the actual list.
Dispatch includes speeches by government officials, treaty actions, and ambassadorial appointments.
Dispatch intelligently schedules incoming requests to the Web server best suited to respond.
Dispatch intelligently schedules servers to respond no matter where they are located.
Dispatch is a vital part of any police agency.
Dispatch is advised.
Dispatch is confirmed via E-mail.
Dispatch is distributed free of charge.
Dispatch is essential.
Dispatch is normally within three working days.
Dispatch is provided by Coventry Township.
Dispatch is provided through the police department.
Dispatch is shared with the City of North Vancouver and West Vancouver.
Dispatch is shut down to a minimum due to the weather.
Dispatch is such a program.
Dispatch is the center of public safety operations.
Dispatch is the official record of U.S. foreign policy.
Dispatch is the soul of business.
Dispatch keeps the data in a lookup table to provide to clients.
Dispatch loves the new mobile system.
Dispatch offers commentary, investigations and hard news relevant to issues of the day.
DISPatch silently watches users' mailboxes for messages incorporating file attachments.
Dispatch takes place on the same day as lifting.
Dispatch then alerts the nearest firefighting crew of the new blaze so they can take action.
Dispatch then notes the time and milage.
Dispatches are here .
Dispatches bulletins to all Canadian universities.
Dispatches objects to the receiver.
Dispatchs are celerity.
Dispatchs are departures.
Dispatchs are killing.
Dispatchs are reports.
Every dispatch includes the original invoice and three copies.
Dispatched service calls to offices.
A dispatcher is an official
Dispatcher completes paperwork and schedules weekly routes.
Dispatcher Controls the routing of trains.
Dispatcher Coordinate the resort's safety policies, procedures, and on-mountain communications.
Dispatcher creates and maps work orders.
Dispatcher expresses relief.
Dispatcher first gets the requested screen and stores as an attribute of the request.
Dispatcher has to gain control back somehow.
Dispatcher has to recognize that the change was made.
Dispatcher is no longer case sensitive.
Dispatcher oversees the execution of various processes that the PC performs.
Dispatcher receives an emergency notification phone message from identifed individual.
Dispatcher starts to serve the client in the separate thread and continues to wait for requests.
Dispatcher Take emergency calls and follow up as trained.
Dispatchers access essential functions through a single screen.
Dispatchers also assign officers to calls, and keep track of their location and activities.
Dispatchers also can automatically denote patrol requests, alerting officers of postings.
Dispatchers also handle emergencies, such as transformer failure.
Dispatchers also monitor the detainee on closed circuit television monitors.
Dispatchers also utilize and monitor various campus and law enforcement radio frequencies.
Dispatchers answer a wide range of calls from loud music to shootings that just occurred.
Dispatchers are an integral part of the public safety system.
Dispatchers are available at exits to assist passengers.
Dispatchers are available at the exits to assist passengers.
Dispatchers are aware that drivers are on route.
Dispatchers are employees.
Dispatchers are in radio contact with drivers.
Dispatchers are knowledgeable in operating our radio console.
Dispatchers are on duty at the East and West ramps on the lower level of the main terminal.
Dispatchers are quite often the first responders at the scene of an emergency.
Dispatchers are responsible for matching available freights with available trucks.
Dispatchers are responsible for preliminary flight planning, dispatching and flight following.
Dispatchers are the backbone of the department and keep daily operations running smoothly.
Dispatchers are the first to respond to calls for help, sending fire or ambulance crews.
Dispatchers are the heart of an effective, coordinated transportation system.
Dispatchers are the unsung heroes in policing who deserve a lot of respect and courtesy.
Dispatchers are workers.
Dispatchers arriving here can expect to find a forum of peers willing to listen.
Dispatchers ask callers about the patient's condition.
Dispatchers begin by working with an experienced dispatcher.
Dispatchers call volunteers to respond to disaster calls.
Dispatchers can accept the recommended unit or assign a different unit.
Dispatchers can allow entry into the building when appropriate.
Dispatchers can approve or override the computer's instant routing decision.
Dispatchers can check job status, adjust schedules, and potentially handle more field personnel.
Dispatchers can immediately determine the physical address from the origin of the emergency call.
Dispatchers can instantaneously send messages or even directions to drivers.
Dispatchers can locate the closest available unit-critical information when every second counts.
Dispatchers can now issue new service calls to the engineers instantly.
Dispatchers can now provide better information to the units or fleets they control.
Dispatchers can provide faster, more accurate and cost effective schedules.
Dispatchers can search for specific pilots that are approved a specific mission prior to ordering.
Dispatchers can view a driver's location from their last entry to make better dispatch decisions.
Dispatchers can view the location coordinates of each unit prior to dispatching an ambulance.
Dispatchers check incoming trucks at the road dispatch office.
Dispatchers come in all shapes and sizes, all races, both sexes, and all ages.
Dispatchers fall under the administrative division of the police department.
Dispatchers give the location and nature of the emergency while rescuers are en route to the scene.
Dispatchers handle incoming calls for police service and after-hour public works emergencies.
Dispatchers have instant access to customer contracts and warranties.
Dispatchers have two constant companions, other dispatchers and stress.
Dispatchers have two constant companions.
Dispatchers help pilots get off to a safe start.
Dispatchers perform a wide variety of tasks.
Dispatchers pick shifts once a year by seniority and performance.
Dispatchers provide a myriad of services to the citizens of our community.
Dispatchers receive calls for service and dispatch police, fire and medical personnel as needed.
Dispatchers receive constant information about outbound trailer loading status.
Dispatchers receive requests for service and initiate action to provide that service.
Dispatchers receive telephone requests or written orders for service or delivery.
Dispatchers relay the report to the state agency with jurisdiction.
Dispatchers route emergency calls to the responding agencies.
Dispatchers routinely find ways to give assistance to a wide variety of callers.
Dispatchers send officers into harm's way.
Dispatchers shuffle their areas so that one is dedicated to the hot call.
Dispatchers sit for long periods, using telephones, computers, and two-way radios.
Dispatchers talk on the phone to panic-stricken and disoriented people.
Dispatchers tend to dislike the extra work associated with running a special.
Dispatchers try to cram as much traffic as they can on the single track main.
Dispatchers use computers, calculators, weather charts and information, and loading charts.
Dispatchers use headsets to answer the phone.
Dispatchers use state of the art tools as they perform their duties.
Dispatchers view blocks by number, location, type and name.
Dispatchers work at a fast pace under constant pressure.
Dispatchers work evenings and overnight hours during the week, and all hours over the weekend.
Dispatchers work in surroundings that are typical of office jobs.
Dispatchers work inside in surroundings that are typical of office jobs.
Dispatchers work shift work, seven days a week including weekends and holidays.
Dispatchers work various shifts and days of the week.
Dispatchers often find themselves having to repeat or confirm information.
Dispatchers usually require the most extensive training.
All dispatchers are cross trained to operate police, fire and public works consoles.
All dispatchers receive on the job training.
All dispatchers start as competitive part time before being eligible for full time positions.
Many dispatchers use the position to jump to jailer or deputy positions.
Most dispatchers like to keep their response time under five minutes.
Most dispatchers speak some English.
Some dispatchers also offer basic care instructions to the caller.
Some dispatchers use computers to help determine information such as vehicle or cargo location.
Some dispatchers worry about information overload.
A dispensary is a clinic
Dispensaries are available elsewhere.
Dispensaries are centers of sanitary and medical instruction for local tuberculous persons.
Dispensation is a permit
Dispensation play a major role in genealogy.
Every dispensation unfolds the teaching for that particular age and prophecys the one to come.
A dispenser is a container
Dispenser accomodates glassware and containers of all sizes, from pitchers to water bottles.
Dispensers accept coins or one dollar bills.
Dispensers accommodate the entire contents of a standard spice bottle.
Dispensers are a core component used to store and dispense reagents.
Dispensers are available for convenient delivery of powdered catalyst mixtures.
Dispensers are containers.
Dispensers are ideal for most any sized glove box.
Dispensers are lightweight and easy to use.
Dispensers are normally preset to dispense a given concentration.
Dispensers are suppliers.
Dispensers are very visible and great for advertising.
Dispensers come in a variety of shapes and sizes depending on the payload inside.
Dispensers vary according to stock on hand.
All dispenser are also available.
All dispensers are clean and correctly filled with the appropriate supplies.
All dispensers bear a serial number and are individually tested.
All dispensers have a specific maximum width that indicates the total web width.
All dispensers require no assembly or maintenance.
Most dispensers form sealed systems which greatly reduce human exposure to solvent vapors.
Most dispensers have the ability to provide some in-house repairs.
Most dispensers quote one price that includes many services, as well as the hearing aids.
Some dispensers require a deposit or down payment prior to the trial period.
A dispersal is spreading
Dispersal allows the population to find new, suitable niches.
Dispersal also occurs through host mobility and shipping grub-infested cattle.
Dispersal appears to be caused by competition for territories.
Dispersal appears to be more frequent in contiguous forest habitats.
Dispersal begins soon after ripening, and occurs earlier on injured trees.
Dispersal brings together a host of special problems, especially for teams.
Dispersal can be a mechanism by which natural selection acts upon the population.
Dispersal can be by wind, water, wildlife, vehicles and equipment, forage, and livestock.
Dispersal can be one of the most important events in an insect's life cycle.
Dispersal can involve either individuals or groups.
Dispersal can sharpen parapatric boundaries on a spatially varying environment.
Dispersal gets the babies away from stocks of fungal spores, insect populations.
Dispersal happens after the seeds have been excreted.
Dispersal involves traversing lowland conifer forests and valleys to other subalpine meadows.
Dispersal is a mechanism where by offspring mature at a location away from the parental plant.
Dispersal is a scattering, spreading, or distribution.
Dispersal is accomplished when the small caterpillars are blown from one tree to another.
Dispersal is an ecological process that is part of the life history of every species.
Dispersal is an important part of the process of evolution.
Dispersal is by animals.
Dispersal is by spore.
Dispersal is common and accounts for most grasshopper movement over time.
Dispersal is costly.
Dispersal is effective, and red mangrove has populated all tropical seas around the world.
Dispersal is female-biased.
Dispersal is primarily by ingestion of fruits by animals or movement of the seeds by wind.
Dispersal is primarily by wind and splashing rain.
Dispersal is primarily on the wind.
Dispersal is successful.
Dispersal is the mechanism used in dispersal biogeography to explain distribution.
Dispersal is the primary way wolves colonize new areas and maintain genetic diversity.
Dispersal is the process of movement of individuals or groups from one place to another.
Dispersal is the third priority for an organism, after survival and reproduction.
Dispersal is usually a risky business.
Dispersal is via phoretic deutonymphs which have been found on millipedes and carabid beetles.
Dispersal isa enlargement.
Dispersal isa expansion.
Dispersal mainly occurs during the breeding season, when most social interactions occur.
Dispersal occurs because plankton are transported by movement of the water in which they live.
Dispersal occurs by first instar larvae wandering to a food source.
Dispersal occurs during all the active stages of the budworm.
Dispersal only is of value if gene frequency of incoming individuals are different than residents.
Dispersal plays a key role in the spread of crop disease.
Dispersal redistributes budworms within the crown and between trees and stands.
Dispersal reduces the likelihood of a male cat breeding with a close relative.
Dispersal refers to how an organism is spread throughout an ecosystem.
Dispersal refers to offspring moving away from their parents.
Dispersal refers to offspring moving from their parents.
Dispersal takes place by different means.
Dispersals increase chances.
Dispersals increase survival.
Dispersals occur during breed seasons.
Dispersals occur during seasons.
Dispersals occur when the young are encouraged to leave the dens.
Dispersals require energy.
Dispersal usually occurs in late spring.
Most dispersals increase chances.
Most dispersals increase survival.
Most dispersals occur during breed seasons.
Most dispersals occur during seasons.
Most dispersals require energy.
Some dispersals contribute to conservation.
Some dispersals depend on wind.
Some dispersals have ability.
Some dispersals have journeys.
Some dispersals lead to emigration.
Some dispersals lead to establishments.
Some dispersals occur during larval phases.
Some dispersals occur during phases.
Some dispersals occur in autumn.
Some dispersals occur in springs.
Some dispersals provide information.
Some dispersals provide necessary information.
Some dispersals provide options.
Some dispersals reduce predation.
Some dispersals take places.
Disperse dyes are insoluble dyes applied in the form of a fine dispersion in water.
Dispersed camping is available in both national forests, click here for information and suggestions.
Dispersed camping is available nearby.
Dispersed camping is permitted in most areas of the District.
Dispersed camping is permitted in most of the Scenic Area outside the exposed lake bed lands.
Dispersed camping is permitted in some areas.
Dispersed camping is permitted in the national forest outside the park.
Dispersed camping is permitted outside the Restricted Area.
Dispersed control increases a system's chances of survival.
Many dispersed investors are critical of government intervention.
Dispersed property disperses power.
Dispersed recreation is better for forest users and for forest health.
Dispersible soils are highly erodible.
Dispersion forces are present in all molecular subs.
Dispersion forces depend on how closely the molecules can approach each other.
Dispersion modeling is one of the necessary tools to assess air pollution.
Dispersion relation Relates the wave number k to the wave frequency.
Dispersion also depends on the terrain, whether it is on flat or mountainous land or in a valley.
Dispersion becomes greater as individual distances increase.
Dispersion causes a broadening of input pulses along the length of the fiber.
Dispersion causes a mixing zone between adjacent fluids due to diffusion and mechanical dispersion.
Dispersion causes the interference pattern to have an asymmetric shape.
Dispersion causes the spreading or broadening of light pulses as they travel through a fiber.
Dispersion coefficients to generate wavelength scales.
Dispersion contains particles.
Dispersion depends on the focal length, grating resolving power, and the grating order.
Dispersion describes how spread out the scores are across the range of values.
Dispersion is a combination of diffusion and mechanical mixing.
Dispersion is a physical property of the fibre cable.
Dispersion is a property of fiber that causes light pulses to spread.
Dispersion is accomplished by prisms or fine-line gratings.
Dispersion is an intermolecular attraction force that exists between all molecules.
Dispersion is apparently significant.
Dispersion is immediate and no special equipment is required.
Dispersion is increased if prevailing winds carry the plume up-slope.
Dispersion is observed in the saturated samples and is attributed to fluid flow.
Dispersion is physical events.
Dispersion is poorest at night and, for a given wind speed, decreases as cloud cover decreases.
Dispersion is spread
Dispersion is spread.
Dispersion is the amount of rainbow colors returned to the eye from within the diamond.
Dispersion is the apparent mixing and spreading of the contaminant within the flow system.
Dispersion is the least important mixing process in river modeling.
Dispersion is the removal of geographic location as a constraint.
Dispersion is the separation of colors due to differences in the index of refraction.
Dispersion is the separation of the white light into spectral hues.
Dispersion is the splitting up of white light into the various colors of the visible spectrum.
Dispersion is the spreading of men, vehicles, and equipment over a wide area.
Dispersion is the spreading out of the different colors of light rays.
Dispersion is what enables a prism to separate white light into the colors of the spectrum.
Dispersion is when the signal broadens in time.
Dispersion isa motion.
Dispersion limits the bandwidth of a fiber.
Dispersion limits the bandwidth of the fiber.
Dispersion measures how much variation exists in the data.
Dispersion processes in a flow forced by the tide.
Dispersion refers to the spread of the values around the central tendency.
Dispersion results from differing demographic and business conditions among the pool participants.
Dispersion takes place through horizontal transport and vertical mixing in the lower atmosphere.
Dispersion varies greatly with the mineral type.
All dispersions depend on the distance z perpendicular to the galactic plane.
Most dispersion contains particles.
Some dispersion changes over time.
Most displace people live in areas.
Displace people live in areas.
Displace people live in urban areas.
Displacement current is what they base their claim on about how the antenna works.
Displacement hulls are faster and have less drag.
Displacement hulls have round bottoms and plow through the water.
Displacement maps are almost always inappropriate, for the same reasons.
Displacement tonnage is a way to measure a ship's capacity.
Displacement tonnages express the weight of the ship.
Displacement units are part of volume.
Displacement ventilation involves admitting cold air slowly at floor level.
Displacement applies to both offensive and defensive players.
Displacement bounds in any coordinate system.
Displacement causes diffusion.
Displacement contours superimposed on fault surface.
Displacement features initiate as tidally-induced cracks and then evolve.
Displacement has causes.
Displacement here means circuitous path.
Displacement includes demotion and involuntary transfers to different title or location.
Displacement includes layoff, involuntary transfer, and reduction in pay and benefits.
Displacement involves expressing feelings toward less-threatening target.
Displacement is a replacement
Displacement is always less than amplitude.
Displacement is caused by motion.
Displacement is chemical reaction.
Displacement is defense mechanisms.
Displacement is more likely to occur in areas of low demand for affordable housing.
Displacement is movement.
Displacement is rejection.
Displacement isa motion.
Displacement occurs at ages.
Displacement occurs by default, by withdrawal, and by deregulation.
Displacement refers to displacement of the image within the imaging plane, measured in pixels.
Displacement refers to the distance from the starting point at a particular instant in time.
Displacement refers to the open angle of the blind.
Displacement reverberates through the stories because of their similarity.
Displacement sets in.
Displacement shown is for the boat in cruising trim, with tanks filled and people and stores aboard.
Displacement takes place by side movement of the mouse without cliquer.
Displacements are positive when going to the right.
Displacements can be huge.
Displacements shown are net displacements.
Most displacement causes diffusion.
Most displacement is caused by motion.
Most displacement occurs at ages.
Most displacements are to the left.
Some displacement causes tsunamis.
Some displacement generates waves.
Some displacement has roles.
Some displacement is caused by current.
Some displacement is caused by ocean current.
Some displacement leads to growth.
Some displacement occurs at depth.
Some displacement occurs at maximum dive depth.
Some displacement supports fire.
Display ads appear before word ads within the listings.
Display ads are ads that include organizational logos or any ad submitted as artwork.
Display ads are also available as web-only display ads.
Display ads are also available in the upscale four color publication.
Display ads are available in quarter, half and full pages.
Display ads are available on the map, which reaches thousands of potential customers and clients.
Display ads are available.
Display ads are located in newspapers.
Display ads are more professional and visible.
Display ads are open to any business or organization.
Display ads are the large-space ads, mainly in the forward part of the paper.
Display ads are unique to each site because of the different audiences.
Display ads can reach a local, regional or national audience.
Display ads consist of black text within a blue screened box with an optional graphic.
Display ads contain additional descriptions and photographs.
Display ads do very please call for their deadlines.
Display ads involve some design and artwork.
All display ads are subject to approval.
All display ads receive free layout and typesetting.
Some display ads cost hundreds, even thousands of dollars.
A display adapter is an electronic device
Display adapters can handle higher resolution and more colors.
Display advertisements appear throughout the publication.
Display behavior is also an important aspect of Japanese macaque communication.
A display board is a video display
Display board shows speed, distance, time, calories, pulse.
Display boards are available on request.
Display boards point out prominent peaks on the horizon, adding distances and explanation of names.
Display cabinets make from wood.
Most display cabinets make from wood.
A display case is a container
Display case is available for attractive and appropriate displays to promote library.
Display case is available for seasonal or educational displays to promote the library.
Display case is available.
Display case is in excellent condition.
Display cases are available for patrons' artwork and collections.
Display cases are located in museums.
Display cases are to be updated regularly, with any date sensitive material removed promptly.
Display cases consist of beams, placed above and below one another, which cross at extreme angles.
Display cases contain accent pieces themed to the sea such as glass dolphins and iron fish.
Display cases filled with prehistoric tools and their modern counterparts are also on view.
Display cases focus on innovations in color design and look at how colors affect our daily lives.
Display cases have no doors.
Display cases hold artwork, tools, cooking utensils and much more.
Display cases hold remnant torture tools.
Display cases hold salads, hot entrees and appetizers.
Display cases rise from the floor, their polished glass reflecting warm light from above.
All display cases are handmade in Merlin, Oregon.
Display contrast is a bit low.
Display devices are two monitors connected to a computer.
All display devices support a line interface.
Display driver is hosed, oscillators are extremely alaised and grungy.
Display font is also selectable.
Display lists can call other display lists.
Display lists have two important advantages.
Display media can be an oscilloscope, helicorder or pen recorder format.
Display media range from paintings and photographs to sculpture.
Display mode shows an on-screen histogram.
Display monitors are now a relatively low-cost element of an interactive display.
Display resolution can also limit the effectiveness of an interaction method.
Display rules are norms that govern the appropriate display of emotions.
Display rules can go in blocks.
Display rules vary by culture.
Display screen gives incoming call information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Display screen gives incoming call information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Display screen gives incoming call information.
Display screen shows it all.
Display screens are electrical components.
Display screens are screens.
Display screens have a dynamic range closer to slides than to prints.
Display screens have few natural navigation aids.
Most display screens have hundreds of thousands of pixels .
Most display screens have hundreds of thousands of pixels.
Display size is contingent on the dots per inch of the scan.
Display size is limited by the quality control problems faced by manufacturers.
Display sizes range from tabletop to complete classroom units.
Display sizes vary based on the style of the font.
Display stands are available for purchase upon request.
Display station addresses only.
Display technologies are only the top layer of the effort.
Display technologies continue to advance to benefit the modern construction and architecture firms.
Display technology is still the weakest link in the image quality chain.
Display technology is very stable and customers are typically frustrated by their bulk and weight.
All display technologies rely heavily on a host of materials in their fabrication.
Display terminals are much better and cheaper than hard copy terminals.
Display type is aligned with the purpose.
A display window is a window
Display window has two lines, a fifteen-track music calendar and separate level meters.
Display window includes caller ID information.
Display windows are windows.
Display windows dominate the ground level.
A display is a demo
Display adverts only , at least at first, and concentrated in a section at the back of the mag.
Display answers in a variety of ways.
Display answers on the overhead.
Display banners only for reputable companies and services.
Display based editing is the focus of vi .
Display based editing is the focus of vi.
Display bitmaps from imagelists in both the column headers and the data cells.
Display blanks after last reading or holds reading.
Display blanks out.
Display can be wall mounted or free standing at counter or end cap for maximum exposure.
Display can include appointments and rodo lists.
Display can render texts, images, audio and stream data in a small area.
Display celebrates sports as envisioned by a variety of artists.
Display changes monthly.
Display changes seasonaly.
Display changes to accompany modifications to run control program.
Display collages in school hallways or in the library before or during Geography Awareness Week.
Display collectibles or books on the bottom shelf and a lamp on the top shelf.
Display comes with a short guide and a set of instructions.
Display controls .
Display controls No two computer systems are exactly the same, nor are any two computer users.
Display crafts to show possible uses.
Display determines if it is executing interactively and behaves differently depending on the result.
Display directories After connecting, the display window is divided into two main sections.
Display displays all the entries in the specified order.
Display displays all the words in alphabetical order.
Display domes, egg stands and bases.
Display drops from Surface to Negative depth in multiple passes.
Display essays in the classroom.
Display examines the function and design of fountains.
Display faces, on the other hand, are cleaned with benzine.
Display features artwork from campus instructors, professors.
Display features traditional wooden toys, a do-nothing machine and puppets.
Display features using hundreds of colors.
Display files one screen at a time.
Display files one screenful at a time.
Display flashes briefly on press of any key.
Display foods out on buffet table.
Display grades for a term or an unofficial transcript.
Display hangs the X server .
Display help message and exit -i Interactive mode.
Display help message and exit.
Display hits to see how the cluster is made.
Display holds last reading when signal drops out.
Display holds on in-house patron records used for paging items for reserves.
Display holonyms for searchstr tree.
Display includes cardboard background and all buildings and figures.
Display includes entire Cited Reference.
Display includes foundry for West Point and paintings of Hudson River.
Display includes replica guns.
Display indicates CB and extension number call back was set against.
Display indicates digits dialed.
Display indicates digits programmed.
Display indicates digits stored.
Display indicates load in the bucket and load already delivered to truck.
Display indicates number calls are forwarded to.
Display indicates telephone number calls are forwarded to.
Display indicates the station number calls are forwarded to.
Display indicates the telephone number calls are forwarded to.
Display indicates when a fraction can be simplified.
Display indicates when fraction can be simplified.
Display indicates when fraction needs to be simplified.
Display indicates which channel is in use.
Display is a machine architecture independent image and display program.
Display is a machine architecture independent image processing and display program.
Display is a very important factor when it comes to selling sun care.
Display is a vital function of the feathers in very many living birds.
Display is about the same.
Display is adjustable to read in Metric or Imperial units.
Display is also adjustable.
Display is attractive and visually stimulating.
Display is blank.
Display is colorful and free of technical and grammatical errors.
Display is digital, with measured data recorded in the wrench.
Display is dim Weak microprocessor or radio batteries.
Display is easy to understand.
Display is excellent, no damages.
Display is fine.
Display is for customers only.
Display is free to the public.
Display is gorgeous and it is very fine to work with.
Display is handled via the pluggable views.
Display is hard to see .
Display is in descending order based on number of occurrences reported.
Display is in graph or in numerical format.
Display is in Metric and English.
Display is in reverse chronological order.
Display is in sections.
Display is mainly an issue with fonts.
Display is more useful.
Display is multiplexed to save wires.
Display is of paramount importance.
Display is one screen at a time with keyboard input to continue to the next screen.
Display is partially or completely blank.
Display is positioned for easy viewing and offers motivating feedback.
Display is pretty straightforward.
Display is RED when high or low limit is exceeded.
Display is removable to allow viewing difficult to reach locations.
Display is smoother during update.
Display is sold separately.
Display is still under development.
Display is the default session type.
Display is the only unit on the market with built-in halogen lighting.
Display is too large, looks like an alarm clock type display.
Display is triggered by the reload of a page or the loading of a new page.
Display is VERY hard to read.
Display is visible in any lighting condition - from total darkness to bright sunlight.
Display is without charge and with the permission of the featured artists.
Display just coaches, players or left-handed retired players.
Display link to help and back link.
Display link to help.
Display listings at once.
Display logins with duplicate UIDs.
Display note An introduction to the data in the field, when needed.
Display now has a progress monitor and a multi-level undo cache.
Display objects together in odd numbers.
Display outputs both cross-reference section name and code.
Display overfills screen.
Display packages so that the warranty is clearly visible to customers at the point of sale.
Display percentages using decimal places.
Display pictures around room.
Display presents information that guides the user through the menu system.
Display provides terminal activity information plus date, time, and Soft key operation.
Display racks too.
Display reacts to scrollbar input of the user.
Display reads .
Display reads animated gifs.
Display records per page.
Display records to download.
Display records with .
Display redisplays the flow field in a separate window.
Display refers to monitors, projectors, easels, screens, etc.
Display registers the string name and mode automatically.
Display remains upright to view at all angles.
Display reports in graphical or tabular format Activity and resource schedules.
Display represents history of ancient art of Egypt, Greece, Rome, Middle East and India.
Display requires java enabled browser.
Display resembles familiar paper forms.
Display residues there, and compare the interiors of the pockets.
Display resources Exhibition materials, display equipment, etc.
Display results and draw a conclusion from the data collected.
Display results graphically, either publicly or privately.
Display results in a spreadsheet.
Display results in general or matrix formats.
Display results in table format.
Display results in tables that can be copied into spreadsheets for further analysis.
Display results on charts for discussion.
Display results on their own line.
Display results per page.
Display results to two decimal places.
Display results, with mean and standard deviation, as a line graph.
Display returns an unspecified value.
Display reveals url, relevancy score and summary.
Display reveals url, relevancy score, file size, and summary.
Display reveals url, relevancy score, file size, summary, and number of keywords matched.
Display roses in a cool location, out of direct sunlight.
Display rows containing null values by using IS NULL operator.
Display scarecrows line downtown.
Display seconds smaller, for example, or the date in a different color than the time.
Display sequences with no structural information in lowercase.
Display shows a little garbage.
Display shows a station operating, but no watering occurs.
Display shows accumulated volume dispensed.
Display shows calculated radar velocities.
Display shows desired number of digits.
Display shows how many units are left on the card.
Display shows MHz.
Display shows random or improper characters during operation.
Display shows that each asterisk is one respondent in group.
Display shows the newly formed number.
Display shows the number of permutations of each kind.
Display slides to audience members anywhere in the world.
Display specifies that the grid displays as lines or dots.
Display specifies whether the grid displays as lines or as dots.
Display stand available.
Display stands and related articles.
Display stops advancing when the unit is taken away from the mains carrying conductor.
Display strands to highlight trimeric pore structure.
Display surrounds quartz movement clock.
Display swap usage summary by device.
Display tables no longer exist.
Display textually Display solution as table.
Display traces on white or black background.
Display tries to make the color reduced image closely resemble the original.
Display turns off automaticlly in four minutes.
Display varies depending on document type.
Display verses that contain all the input words.
Display verses that contain any input word.
Display verses that matches all the words.
Display wares via a online thumbnail catalog.
Display windows that display the values of arrays and structures.
Display works fine and it looked like Forms worked well.
Display works in bright sun.
Display works well for direct response.
Displays accounts that receive mail when different types of notification messages are sent.
Displays adds at top and in post area.
Displays also are available.
Displays also chart the history of the boat, shed and local history of that era.
Displays also satisfy the merchandising needs of channel partners.
Displays appropriate key stroke rate for effective work performance.
Displays appropriate verbal and nonverbal skills.
Displays aquifer test data and results quickly and easily.
Displays are a huge applications market.
Displays are a relatively unsung, though vital, piece of the technology world.
Displays are a useful way to pass along information about soils.
Displays are a very important part of appealing to customers.
Displays are a vital part of industrial and consumer products throughout the world.
Displays are a way of transferring the machine s output to our input.
Displays are accompanied by calls and varied vocalises.
Displays are also available to groups or businesses on a variety of health topics.
Displays are also available.
Displays are among the most expensive components of the devices.
Displays are another register hazard.
Displays are artifacts from the archaeological excavations carried out in the area.
Displays are available for community programs and school open houses.
Displays are available from tabletops to large islands.
Displays are available in corrugated promotional displays.
Displays are available on our wholesale online store.
Displays are available with leaflet and poster holders to feature products and messages.
Displays are bigger and brighter, with improved graphics cards.
Displays are chronological.
Displays are clearer with improved brightness and color purity.
Displays are color coordinated to show alarm levels and System operation.
Displays are communication.
Displays are demonstrations.
Displays are disclosures.
Displays are easy to read.
Displays are either floor standing or counter standing.
Displays are elaborate and complex on the part of the male.
Displays are elaborate and well described.
Displays are electronic devices.
Displays are fully scalable on both the screen and printer.
Displays are GIFs.
Displays are in Spanish only.
Displays are indoors, as is lunch seating, so come rain or shine.
Displays are larger, clearer, brighter, and flat.
Displays are lightweight, require little or no assembly and include a lifetime warranty.
Displays are most frequent around the time of greatest sunspot activity.
Displays are of antiques, collectibles, and art exhibits.
Displays are of both individual figures and complex panels.
Displays are of local clothing, tools, carriages, furniture, and metalworks.
Displays are on view at the library and the public is cordially invited.
Displays are ongoing throughout the day.
Displays are part of computers.
Displays are representations.
Displays are shows.
Displays are stylized gestures or positions used to communicate pieces of information.
Displays are sure to dazzle the spirit and bring out the kid in everyone.
Displays are the essential window for the information age.
Displays are the most effective way to sell more dough for three reasons.
Displays are to be oriented to the center of the building.
Displays are very important in the sensors and communication hardware.
Displays are web- browser applets, plugins, or standalone browsers.
Displays are well marked in English and Spanish.
Displays astericks on the screen.
Displays attribute memory bytes.
Displays attributes of user accounts.
Displays based on comprehensive maps provide users with an integrated view of the genome.
Displays begin and end handles.
Displays bitmaps as thumbails in Explorer.
Displays bring to life where the gold was found and how it was mined.
Displays butterscotch, vanilla and orange toffee aromas with hints of floral and spice.
Displays byte for key combs.
Displays calls sorted by the longest response times.
Displays can also incorporate text and images as the surface of the display.
Displays can be a means of delivering a message, or of sharing an enthusiasm.
Displays can be elaborate or simple.
Displays can be for any number of hours depending on what the volunteer can work.
Displays can be tabletop or free standing.
Displays can coexist in any number with each display presenting one or more measurements.
Displays can consist of used or unused matchcovers, full-books, or matchboxes.
Displays can focus on products that go together.
Displays can teach parents many things.
Displays cancel dialog in situations when server is busy.
Displays change at the beginning of each month.
Displays change each year.
Displays change frequently as members present their most current work.
Displays change frequently, continually offering new and interesting exhibits.
Displays change monthly.
Displays change regularly.
Displays change seasonally.
Displays change throughout the year.
Displays change with the seasons.
Displays changes about every two weeks.
Displays changes in an organized view to locate file changes.
Displays check-in history.
Displays come in two flavor, horizontal displays and vertical displays.
Displays come ready to hang on the wall, or sit on desk.
Displays commands available to a user to run via runas and exits.
Displays commands related to keyword files.
Displays commands with brief descriptions.
Displays contain images of documents from the Soviet Archives.
Displays continue until the unit is reset.
Displays contrasts of light and color that are among the most satisfying in the park.
Displays cost element levels incrementally.
Displays count with a graphic image.
Displays courses for which student is registered.
Displays cover art, artist name, disc name, and song titles.
Displays covers and topics, and numerous images of projects.
Displays create a fabulous museum experience for people of all ages.
Displays crimps, shorts, opens, etc.
Displays crontab submission time.
Displays cross hairs which can be moved about using the mouse.
Displays curves graphically.
Displays deal with local history and include Civil War and African-American history exhibits.
Displays depict early Hawaiian fishing, salt gathering, lengends, games, shelters and crops.
Displays depict native fish, shellfish, birds, animals, plants and land use concerns.
Displays depict pioneer life and the river-based economy.
Displays desire to go after the football hard and can jump.
Displays desktop CD-ROM title launcher.
Displays detail the many styles of pottery.
Displays dialog with information about the application.
Displays dummy data only.
Displays empathy in every day interactions.
Displays emphasizes local history.
Displays errors the server has encountered since the log file was created.
Displays explain the significance of the trees and identify where the parent trees are located.
Displays explain the striped bass program and deer research done here.
Displays explore the meaning of distinctive motifs and show how beadwork is made.
Displays fear or anger about babies or intercourse.
Displays feature interactive exhibits, talking exhibits, live exhibits and touching exhibits.
Displays feature local mining history and methods.
Displays feature working model trains.
Displays featuring three Bay Area biotechnology companies round out the exhibit.
Displays file and folder label colors.
Displays fill the arena and much of the parking lot in front of the building.
Displays flukes when diving.
Displays focus on geology and farming relics, Indian life and pioneer days in Cambridge.
Displays focus on spreading appreciation for the magnificent but fragile web of nature.
Displays focus on the region's Native American and pioneer heritage.
Displays follow a time line from Indian times through fur traders, pioneers and merchants.
Displays footnote information for the geographic area and data item selected.
Displays gear development in cm when setup for km.
Displays generally handle data input as character maps or bitmap .
Displays give way to meeting rooms with more signs.
Displays Go forward to Prompting .
Displays graphs incoming and outgoing data as well as CPU performance.
Displays gridlines around items and subitems.
Displays hardware information on line cards, including the history of line card reloads.
Displays have an informative and educational narrative which can be heard at the touch of a button.
Displays headings True or Magnetic.
Displays help a newcomer understand the similarities and differences among pueblos.
Displays help about todo.
Displays help and tips on searching.
Displays help content.
Displays help for using the command.
Displays help information for startconsole .
Displays Help information for the active object or the window as a whole.
Displays help information for the given command identifier.
Displays help information on the console and then terminates.
Displays help information.
Displays Help menu, or explanations of error messages, menu items, and special conditions.
Displays help message, which is being described here.
Displays help messages.
Displays Help on jeld command line options and exits.
Displays help on options.
Displays help on selected subtopic.
Displays help on selected topic.
Displays help on terms and equipment used within the simulation in a separate browser window.
Displays help on the chosen command.
Displays help on the specified file system command.
Displays help on using help.
Displays help screens.
Displays help text for pico.
Displays help text for the command syntax.
Displays Help text on the Automation Builder command line options and exits.
Displays help text.
Displays help while using pico.
Displays help window.
Displays here focus on antique furniture, household items and artwork.
Displays here focus on pioneer days in Arizona.
Displays highlight different themes each month.
Displays highlight the distinctive qualities of the land, the people and the art of the Napa Valley.
Displays highlight the important place the mill held in the community.
Displays hikes in France, Greenland, Norway and Scotland.
Displays illustrate the history of the town and district as well as the culture and art of the area.
Displays illustrate the importance of agriculture throughout history and into the future.
Displays inappropriate sexually provocative behavior.
Displays includ hands-on exhibits, murals, models and multimedia shows concerning power development.
Displays incorporating the film meet all LCD durability requirements.
Displays inline graphics.
Displays instantly change for quick comparison.
Displays interpret natural and cultural history.
Displays interpret the heritage of the county and surrounding area.
Displays legend and text information.
Displays lines around the area that has been fenced and deleted.
Displays links to all the information available for a particular company.
Displays listing award recipients are on exhibit in the building.
Displays log messages for all files in the module if no list of files is included.
Displays map symbols in a new window.
Displays map with paths on it.
Displays match record for any match.
Displays mean pain levels for each situation.
Displays mount on a wall or sit on a counter.
Displays node partition status of all partitions.
Displays node reservations in a relative time format.
Displays note on view screen for further editing.
Displays object code instruction and address before execution.
Displays object information about the table, such as column names, properties, and servers.
Displays object names and other text resources.
Displays occur more often in the polar regions.
Displays offer agencies flexibility in controlling and directing where a message goes.
Displays operand while calculating.
Displays ornaments nicely.
Displays oscillograms with time-coordinated element assertion.
Displays own vessel's track when connect to navigation system.
Displays palettes from all games.
Displays paragraph about the wonders of the cell.
Displays pertinen t vendor information with a simple click of the mouse.
Displays plate, cup, saucer, and soup, with salad optional.
Displays play an important part in mating behaviour.
Displays pop up immediately - there is no blinking or enforced refreshing.
Displays produce color by mixing red, green, and blue light.
Displays progress over time.
Displays provide an orientation on Chinese-Canadian history.
Displays provide information about plant identification and the birdlife.
Displays range from costumes and hunting equipment to dances, songs and legends.
Displays range from costumes and quiltwork to hunting, dances, songs and legends.
Displays range from documents thru photos and videos to models and replicas and restored equipment.
Displays range from global remote sensing down to the microscopic level.
Displays range from household to general store.
Displays range from the renovated train station, to wildlife and early farming.
Displays records in alphabetical order.
Displays recount the history of beer around the world and the science of brewing.
Displays relate the history of putting out fires, from the bucket brigade to the hook and ladder.
Displays reports of all foods in the database.
Displays represent new grocery products and the most advanced retail equipment and services.
Displays reside on the front panel and are used to view waveforms and show calculation results.
Displays result in a temporary buffer.
Displays result in graphical form.
Displays result without identifying the variables.
Displays results from multiple search engines.
Displays results from newest to oldest.
Displays results in a format similar to most popular search engines.
Displays results in an efficient layout for quick performance benchmark comparisons.
Displays results in either a short or detailed form.
Displays results in four framed windows.
Displays results in mono-isotopic or average masses.
Displays results in thumbnail images with links to the cart's preadd page.
Displays results through speech and sounds as visually presenting numbers and graphs.
Displays results using drop-down menus.
Displays reveal the diversity of marine life.
Displays rotate monthly.
Displays run for about a six week period.
Displays run the gamut from crafty caftan things to, at the higher end, porcelain statuary.
Displays scales and chords on the fretboard.
Displays scales and modes on a fretboard.
Displays score in the game window title.
Displays score to fit window at any zoom level.
Displays See our upcoming Current Events for more quick dates on displays.
Displays sell out every year.
Displays sequences in a new window.
Displays shipfinds from the silted-up Claudian harbour's basin.
Displays show early Native history and maps from the Russian period.
Displays show how iron was once made here.
Displays show live mushrooms in various stages of growth.
Displays show the history of the building and surrounding park.
Displays show the many aspects of pioneer life.
Displays show the native wildlife in their natural habitats.
Displays show visually how theoretical concepts work.
Displays showcase the military, academic, social and athletic aspect of a cadet's life.
Displays sound judgement.
Displays sound, icon and video files too.
Displays stars in white and several shades of gray, or in colors based on their spectral types.
Displays stars on the screen.
Displays stop time to the minute.
Displays strictly enforces safety first.
Displays take place close and around the bower which includes a layer of twigs placed on the ground.
Displays tell about their accomplishments.
Displays tell the story of the wolf in the wild and in literature.
Displays there identify the various strata and formations.
Displays trace the development of coho and chinook salmon, and steelhead trout.
Displays travel advice and contacts.
Displays typically consume a significant portion of the power used in a desktop computer system.
Displays typically run for one or two months.
Displays vary from small street shows where space is limited to full size medieval spectacles.
Displays view menu for properties palette.
Displays view menu for the properties palette.
Displays voltage continuously.
Displays weather forecasts with five graphical icons.
Displays work and fantasy and favourite links.
All display is done on a Tk canvas so a Postscript representation can be generated.
All display is template-based, allowing complete configurability.
All displays are accessible by wheelchair.
All displays are available for order as a complete merchandising package.
All displays are available with optional mirror or wall mounting kits.
All displays are in both English and Spanish.
All displays are in terminals, rather than concourses, to provide the greatest access to visitors.
All displays are indoors.
All displays are subject to committee approval.
All displays are textual.
All displays automatically calculate the number of words and makes each display page time readable.
All displays feature dual inputs and a four port integrated USB hub.
All displays use documents, photographs, and artifacts from the appropriate archives collections.
Any display can only be the tip of the iceberg .
Every display is done line by line.
Every display is put out for a one month time period.
Many displays are a great success without one.
Many displays are colorful, fun, and informative.
Many displays are interactive.
Many displays depict what life was like in earlier days.
Many displays show a succession of tools used for the same job.
Many displays still require it.
More Displays are on their way.
Most displays appear as shimmering greenish curtains of light suspended in the sky.
Most displays are indeed hard to see.
Most displays are open for self-guided tours during daylight hours.
Most displays have more than one filament wire in parallel.
Most displays hold the attention and get their point over.
Most displays occur during nestbuilding and egglaying.
Most displays use bold, bright colors, which are traditionally assigned to boys.
Some displays allow larger cursors than other displays.
Some displays are faster than others, however.
Some displays are good for stimulating vocal play.
Some displays are highly realistic.
Some displays are in Braille.
Some displays are in color, some support graphics.
Some displays are interactive.
Some displays are tasteful, whereas others can only be described as obnoxious or annoying.
Some displays are very spectacular and fill the entire sky.
Some displays charge a nominal admission fee.
Some displays have a negative LCD supply voltage AND a negative contrast control supply voltage.
Some displays have contrast and brightness controls.
Some displays hold flight suits worn by the pilots.
Some displays let people jump to a completely different screen.
Some displays offer hands-on opportunities.
Some displays refer to surrogates of Australian Aboriginal cultural material.
Some displays show the location of the arriving vehicle on a linear map.
Most displayed magic is magic of healing.
Displaying character has the unfortunate outcome of unpopularity.
Displaying results are clear and easy to understand.
Displaying video requires a fair amount of processing power.
Displaying work according to themes has certain benefits.
Disposable airways provide hygienic training.
Disposable aprons are available as well.
Disposable aprons are available from the stockroom at no cost.
Disposable Bags are clear plastic.
Disposable bags are highly recommended.
Disposable batteries are a major source of toxic mercury released into the air.
Disposable batteries are by far the most expensive way to use energy.
Disposable batteries are easy to get in the south of the island.
Disposable batteries are only available for use with wand scanners.
Disposable batteries contain mercury and other hazardous substances.
Disposable batteries last approximately a month, even with heavy usage.
Disposable bottles are better.
Disposable Bottles Insert a pre-sterilized liner into the holder and fill.
Disposable briefs are for use in managing severe incontinence.
Disposable cameras are available at little cost.
Disposable cameras are available with and without flash capabilities.
Disposable cameras are consumable products.
Disposable cameras are fairly cheap and can be purchased in many stores.
Disposable cameras are fine, too.
Disposable cameras are very wasteful and expensive.
Disposable caps are easy to use.
Disposable cards work well for an event and as a collectible card.
Disposable chamber removes cleanly and easily even after heating.
Disposable clothing is also available.
Disposable clothing is best.
Disposable contacts are the best to travel with.
Most disposable contacts use the same materials as daily wear soft contact lenses.
Disposable containers are appropriate.
Disposable covers eliminate the time and expense of laundering cloth covers.
Disposable covers protect the foam from creams, oils, lotions and perspiration.
Disposable coveralls are lightweight and comfortable on warm days.
Disposable coveralls are lightweight and reasonably comfortable.
Disposable cups are the best.
Disposable cups have eco-merit.
Disposable diapers are also in great demand.
Disposable diapers are available in most industrialized nations.
Disposable diapers are available.
Disposable diapers are bad, cloth diapers are good.
Disposable diapers are consumable products.
Disposable diapers are diapers.
Disposable diapers are fine.
Disposable diapers are the greatest source of landfill material today.
Disposable diapers are very convenient.
Disposable diapers are very expensive and eat into the family budget disproportionately.
Disposable diapers can hold an amazing amount of urine before they leak.
Disposable diapers contain the carcinogen dioxin.
Disposable diapers contain wood splitters.
Disposable diapers cost a lot too even the economy brands can be ten cents each.
Disposable diapers generate four times as much solid waste as cloth diapers.
Disposable diapers make wonderful compresses, by the way.
Disposable diapers swell up, then fall apart in a thousand tiny pieces in the water.
Disposable dinnerware is a plus for quick clean up.
Disposable dinnerware is available.
Disposable dishes can be the answer to keeping things clean and sanitary.
Disposable dishware is just that, disposable.
Disposable dog clean up.
Disposable douches help women feel clean and refreshed.
Disposable earplugs are huge insurance against in-flight disturbances.
Disposable extinguishers are very limited and can be used only once.
Disposable filters allow easy clean up.
Disposable filters ar available as an option.
Disposable filters are for convenience and are our most popular style, followed by the permanent.
Disposable friends are all the rage.
Disposable gloves are available at the Stockroom window for a small fee.
Disposable gloves are available at the Stockroom window.
Disposable gloves are available.
Disposable gloves can provide protection against splashes and incidental chemical contact.
Disposable gloves come in handy here.
Disposable gowns are the protective clothing provided by the school.
Some disposable gowns have the end of one tie covered by a disposable strip.
A disposable income is an income
Disposable income falls.
Disposable Income Having disposable income is a sign of positive cash flow.
Disposable income includes total personal income less personal tax and nontax payments.
Disposable income is a limited resource.
Disposable income is a major issue as well, particularly when dealing with teenagers and shorter.
Disposable income is considered the independent variable and consumption is the dependent variable.
Disposable income is estimated by metropolitan area of each state.
Disposable income is personal income less all additional personal taxes.
Disposable income is simply a measure of what can be done to promote fairness.
Disposable income is the amount that remains after paying taxes.
Disposable income is the income actually available for spending and saving.
Disposable income is the money a consumer has left after paying taxes.
Disposable income is the stuff that is needed for educational institutions.
Disposable income is up, and real wages and productivity are on the rise at an even faster pace.
Disposable income is used to make financial contributions.
Disposable income is what is left after taxes.
Disposable income is what is left to the family after taxes.
Disposable income is what people earn, less taxes.
Disposable income means roughly all wages and profits personally received, less taxes.
Disposable incomes are incomes.
Disposable items are effective in preventing cross-contamination.
Disposable items are to be used whenever available.
Disposable items are very expedient and effective for infection control.
Disposable items create unnecessary garbage.
Disposable kit includes special applicator and sufficient phenol for bilateral procedure.
Disposable lenses are more comfortable, more convenient, and very cost effective.
Disposable lenses provide optimum comfort at an affordable price.
Disposable lenses are the newest type of contact lens.
Disposable lenses seem even better.
Disposable lighters are the right size for a childs hand.
Disposable lighters are the right size for a child's hand.
Disposable manuscripts are fine.
Disposable marriage cheapens the commitment and degrades our vows of fidelity and lifelong love.
Disposable masks are inexpensive.
Disposable models are available.
Disposable nappies are extremely convenient but their environmental impact is enormous.
Most disposable needles are stainless steel, but bimetallic needles are also available.
Disposable pads cost the Earth.
Disposable Pads have waterproof backing and sides to keep moisture in place.
Disposable pans are a great timesaver-foil containers from frozen foods make good disposable pans.
Disposable pens are cheaper and less trouble than the refillable kind.
Disposable phones are to be sold in markets, drugstores, slot-machines.
Disposable plates are great, but make sure they're durable.
Disposable plugs are especially popular for short wearing periods or infrequent use.
Disposable products are to be viewed with downright suspicion.
Disposable products fill that niche in modern society.
Disposable razors are wasteful, and it is better to buy refillable or electric razors.
Disposable shields feature an adhesive backing that adheres to the underwear.
Disposable shoe covers.
Disposable spatulas eliminate the recycling and resterilization necessary with reusable spatulas.
Disposable sunglasses are available to help with the glare until the pupils are normal.
Disposable syringes are just that - disposable.
Disposable syringes are reused, and reusable syringes are often improperly sterilized.
Disposable thermometers are available for purchase at a minimal cost.
Disposable tips eliminate risk of carryover contamination.
Disposable tissues are generally safe.
Disposable trainers contain accidents, keeping cleanups to a minimum.
Disposable utensils are available for that purpose.
Disposable wafers DO wear out.
Disposable ware is included for all receptions and breaks.
Disposable wax is used for waxing purposes as well as disposable spatulas.
Disposable wearers receive a supply for each eye.
Disposable wipes can cause just as many problems and irritations as disposable diapers.
Disposable wipers have only one means of disposition.
A disposable is an item
Disposables are a cheap and convenient option.
Disposables are all right as long as they have a flash.
Disposables are available on request.
Disposables are easiest on the move, but cloth diapers have devoted fans, too.
Disposables are items.
Disposables are lightweight , reducing potential accidents and employee back injuries.
Disposables are on the decline.
Disposables are relatively cheap.
Disposables are the third largest source of solid waste.
Disposables -Consider the problems of so many disposable items.
Disposables draw liquid away from a child's skin, deep into the gel-containing layer of the diaper.
Disposables eliminate time consuming sterilization procedures.
Disposables offer such a convenience.
A disposal is power
Disposal costs money.
Disposal isa quality.
Disposal takes place by both landfilling and incineration.
Disposal takes place throughout the year as operational constraints permit.
Disposals add greater loads.
Disposals are acts.
Disposals are kitchen appliances.
Disposals are power.
Disposals are treatments.
Disposals have a knockout for installation of a dishwasher drain.
Disposals use a great deal of water and add unnecessary solids to the sewer or septic system.
Most disposal is made either by incineration, or by land disposal on artificial islands.
Some disposal is accomplished by evaporation and plan uptake.
Some disposals create problems.
Some disposals solve problems.
Dispose table scrapes before washing dishes, pots and pans.
A disposition is nature
Disposition also affects the performance and carcass characteristics of an animal.
Disposition deteriorates with age and parturition.
Disposition follows the adjudication.
Disposition is a formal hearing.
Disposition is also a proven hereditary trait.
Disposition is an informal hearing.
Disposition is another critical factor in our herd.
Disposition is at the institution's discretion.
Disposition is by cremation.
Disposition is equally important.
Disposition is exclusive to the tribes and the lineal descendants.
Disposition is heritable.
Disposition is most important.
Disposition is noted by each course.
Disposition is pending.
Disposition is Private.
Disposition is required to ensure any underlying problems are resolved.
Disposition is the decisions and processes of transporting a migrant to a location ashore.
Disposition is the re-selling of surplus artwork from corporate art collections.
Disposition is the third stage of the records life cycle.
Disposition is usually through public auction, competitive bidding, or destruction.
Disposition is very important in looking for a mule.
Disposition is what happens to the records after the retention period is satisfied.
Disposition isa trait.
Disposition specifies the action to take if a matching certificate already exists in the store.
Disposition varies only slightly between male and female cats.
Dispositions are also importantly public and hence observable.
Dispositions are available approximately one month after the deadline date.
Dispositions are child based.
Dispositions are nature.
Dispositions are properties.
Dispositions are through sales of individual assets and bulk sales.
Dispositions can be of at least two sorts.
Dispositions refer to stable and general traits of a person.
All dispositions are public.
Dispositional orders are to be made in the child's best interests.
Dispositional orders remain in force for a period of six months.
Dispositional predicates are like stative predicates in that they have the subinterval property.
Dispositional properties are only one type of property.
Dispossession Drink a pint or two of strong black coffee, and wait to be hungry.
Dispossession fixes the beginning of the period of acquisitive prescription.
Dispossession goes on, and the denial of our rights has taken new and more punishing forms.
Dispossession is a due process
Dispossession is a persistent theme of African-American life and literature.
Dispossession is still the basic Palestinian condition.
Dispossession refers primarily to loss of land.
Disproportionate fees vary and are assessed based on the type of business.
Disproportionate influence is a crime against democracy.
Disproportionate numbers live in the East.
Disputable presumptions are evidentiary tools.
A disputant is a person
Disputants agree on the best solution or plan.
Disputants are frequently off task.
Disputants are people.
Disputants can modify their positions without fear of losing face.
Disputants come up with their own solutions and an agreement is signed.
Disputants find solutions that meet the needs of everyone involved.
Disputants have the opportunity to tell their side of the story.
Disputants learn from the situation.
Disputants see themselves as unfairly matched.
Disputants often learn important lessons from conflicts that are handled appropriately.
Many disputants come into mediations expecting the mediator to serve as judge or arbitrator.
Most disputants avoid detentions or suspensions due to mediation.
Most disputants leave with their conflicts resolved, or at least a goal toward a resolution.
Dispute resolution covers a range of choices, from negotiating a solution to going to court.
Dispute resolution is a communication and idea generating business.
Dispute resolution is an emerging field, and one that is currently unregulated.
Dispute resolution is another major issue in establishing an effective regulatory mechanism.
Dispute resolution is authorization.
Dispute resolution is bound to be costly.
Dispute resolution re.
Dispute resolution relies on the evidence held by the participants.
Dispute resolution saves disputants, the courts, and taxpayers untold millions of dollars.
A dispute is a disagreement
Dispute arises from deed restriction against posting signs on property.
Dispute is to argue.
Dispute splits schizophrenia study.
Dispute there is.
Disputes affecting the industry take many forms and are resolved in many forums.
Disputes are an integral part of human history throughout the ages.
Disputes are conflict.
Disputes are disagreements.
Disputes are due at the beginning of class one week from the day a paper or exam was handed back.
Disputes are easier to solve between friends than enemies.
Disputes are farcical when animals of equal stature square off.
Disputes are inevitable.
Disputes are limited to billing errors.
Disputes are often the result of dual claims to resources like that between Vietnam and Cambodia .
Disputes are ordinary.
Disputes are polite, politics is dignified, people really think before they act.
Disputes are primarily about specific contested facts.
Disputes are resistance.
Disputes are resolved on a first come, first serve basis.
Disputes are settled by elders of the community.
Disputes are settled by pushing and shoving, elevating to the clashing of horns.
Disputes are the essential element of a successful resolution business, online or off.
Disputes are to be settled between the contending parties using normal legal methods.
Disputes are to be settled by arbitration by a court in Paris.
Disputes are to be settled by the contending parties using normal legal methods.
Disputes are to be settled by the contesting parties using normal legal means.
Disputes are to settled using normal legal means.
Disputes are unfortunately regular occurrences, are costly, and are always difficult to resolve.
Disputes are usually over a possible breach of contract or agreement.
Disputes are widespread and create war.
Disputes arise because of perceived differences in interests.
Disputes arise midstream during ongoing business relationships.
Disputes arise over an alleged failure to properly design and to properly supervise.
Disputes arise over the modern-day meaning of words and expressions.
Disputes arise over wages, hours, and working conditions.
Disputes arise over words, intonations, body inflections, attitudes, off the cuff remarks.
Disputes arise when decision makers disagree about relative priorities among objectives.
Disputes arise when there are conflicting needs, values or ideas.
Disputes arise with landlords and other tenants, which can be very disruptive and time consuming.
Disputes arise, but are resolved in a way that satisfies both parties.
Disputes become personal, and the creative process breaks down.
Disputes begin over data collection and temperature trends.
Disputes break out which often last for decades.
Disputes can also arise over what can be described as transgressions of national honour.
Disputes can arise between car owners and repair shops over the quality of work carried out.
Disputes can arise regarding taxes, debts or other monetary issues.
Disputes can distract management and shareholders and generate lawsuits.
Disputes can escalate into conflicts .
Disputes can escalate into conflicts.
Disputes can last a long time, and they can have serious results.
Disputes can often form the basis for later assignments.
Disputes can often form the basis for library or writing assignments.
Disputes can take on a life of their own and can be costly both financially and emotionally.
Disputes can vary considerably in both type and nature.
Disputes come to arbitration through one of two routes.
Disputes come to mediation in several different ways.
Disputes commonly arise over what is meant by normal wear and tear or necessary cleaning.
Disputes concerning the reporting of trades make it difficult to directly compare the two outfits.
Disputes Consider whether it is really appropriate to go to arbitration in relation to disputes.
Disputes continue over the clan-based allocation of seats.
Disputes continue to surface.
Disputes continue today.
Disputes cost everyone time and money and are damaging to relationships.
Disputes erupt between the national command center and field facilities over rerouting flights.
Disputes have to be resolved.
Disputes involving research and development contracts lend themselves to professional mediation.
Disputes involving verbal contracts usually become costly and time-consuming legal battles.
Disputes occur as they struggle for domination.
Disputes reach all corners of the industry.
Disputes receive the world court's decision, Which is accepted by world opinion.
Disputes regarding abnormally hazardous or dangerous tasks are subject to arbitration.
Disputes regarding moorings are usually due to vessels coming together.
Disputes remain between Japan and other countries such as Russia and China over several territories.
Disputes Report any claims for loss or damage promptly.
Disputes seem to be a natural part of the construction process.
Disputes still arise today over liability between the lessor and lessee.
Disputes still rumble on and are a regular feature of conciliation meetings.
Disputes take varoius forms and proportions ranging from personal to even international disputes.
Disputes then stem from the modification and degradation of human living conditions.
Disputes often arise and are always compounded by poor or infrequent communication.
Disputes often arise out of communication problems or sheer complexity.
Disputes often center on what property is covered by insurance and what risks are insured against.
Disputes often occur within or between families.
Disputes sometimes arise during a tenancy.
Disputes sometimes arise over who first made an invention.
Disputes usually arise concerning treatments for life-threatening or severely disabling conditions.
Disputes usually boil down to the slipperiness in the definition of control and use of time.
All disputes are subject to Delhi Jurisdiction Only.
All disputes are subject to jurisdiction of courts at Mumbai, India.
All disputes are subject to jurisdiction of New Delhi courts only.
All disputes are subject to New Delhi, India jurisdiction only.
All disputes are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts and forums in New Delhi only.
All disputes are to be finally settled on the negotiating table.
All disputes eventually come to some resolution whether by direct action or inaction.
Any dispute affecting a group of employees constitutes a union grievance.
Any dispute affecting one employee constitutes an individual grievance.
Any dispute is to be resolved in the English courts under English law.
Any dispute is to be resolved in the English courts.
Any dispute then takes place off-line between retailer and supplier.
Any disputes are between the buyer and seller.
Any disputes are subject to the laws of England.
Any disputes are to be settled between the contending parties using normal legal methods.
Every dispute involves unique facts and a unique cast of parties.
Every dispute is seen as having two sides that can be cut down the middle.
Many disputes are really about the latter, but are debated in the language of the former.
Many disputes are the result of underlying problems.
Many disputes arise in the context of ongoing relationships.
Many disputes arise over property issues involving trees and landscaping.
Many disputes arise over the failure to pay rent.
Many disputes arise when consumers pick up their cars and see their service bills.
Many disputes erupt into bitter confrontation and rapidly grow worse.
Many disputes happen because people fail to communicate at every step of the project.
Many disputes have a prior history of an amicable relationship.
Many disputes occur in the context of ongoing work relationships.
Many disputes stem from problems with the merchant's own service.
Most disputes are mere demonstrations and often to be watched in the morning or in late afternoon.
Most disputes are more likely to be resolved by private means.
Most disputes are solved elsewhere.
Most disputes are the product of bad attitudes, feelings, or thinking.
Most disputes are the result of honest differences of understanding.
Most disputes arise because of communication problems.
Most disputes initially appear to be headed for trial.
Most disputes involve finances.
Most disputes result from dashed expectations.
Some dispute exists as to whether Braun was hired as an officer or as a trainee.
Some dispute occurs on circumcision in the professional army.
Some dispute persists.
Some disputes are too complex or potentially violent to be solved by peer mediation alone.
Some disputes continue to simmer, however.
Some disputes involve little conflict.
Some disputes lead to grievance-filing, formal complaints, and even lawsuits.
Disputed borders act as barriers to bilateral and even multilateral economic relations.
Disputed calls are redone.
Disputes Tribunals are informal and inexpensive.
Disqualification can be from the game or from the tournament after a referees meeting.
Disqualification comes if remarriage contradicts the Bible's directives.
Disqualification continues for the duration of the unemployment.
Disqualification is a possible outcome of any fight.
Disqualification is a severe remedy.
Disqualification is prevention.
Disqualification is quality
Disqualification occurs upon completion of probationary period, if one is required.
Disqualification occurs when the robot entirely leaves the course, outside of the tape.
Disqualification occurs with death of applicant, property sale, or exceeding income limit.
Disqualification results in forfeiture of entry fee.
Disqualifications are any black in the coat and tri-color.
Disqualifications are white spot on the body, white feet, and white on the tail.
Disqualifications Nose any color than brown.
Disqualifications View the list of disqualified guests.
All disqualifications are subject to the decision and discretion of the referee.
All disqualifications count.
Many disreputable companies make their money overcharging for accessories or shipping.
Disrespect also paves the way for gossip, one of the most corrosive activities in community.
Disrespect can crop up for other reasons as well.
Disrespect can harm business dealings, as well as personal relationships.
Disrespect is admirable and liberating.
Disrespect is also unethical.
Disrespect is attitude
Disrespect is attitude.
Disrespect is emotion.
Disrespect is messages.
Disrespect is more harmful than sinning.
Disrespect is normal.
Disrespect is the fastest way to an argument.
Disrespect is the genesis of hate.
Disrespect is the leading cause for suspension.
Disrespect makes the warrior spirit restless.
Disrespect produces an affective response.
Disrespect reduces value, rights, and opportunities.
Disrespectful behavior abounds and the women get drunk in one scene.
Disrespectful humor can create an air of tension.
Disrespectful teenagers are simply young adults searching for a better way.
Disrupted movement is the altered state that comes about before disease emerges.
Any disrupted resident has the right to ask any member of the community to be more quiet.
Disrupted sleep can cause the problems shown.
Disrupted sleep can disturb daytime alertness and activities in people of all ages.
Disrupted units are weaker in combat and are eliminated if disrupted again.
Disrupted units are weaker in combat.
Disruption allows replication in the mucosa and skin.
Disruption attempts a.
Disruption can be a form.
Disruption can be serious and can involve regression.
Disruption can happen at lower levels, disrupting a reader's linear progression through the text.
Disruption caused by war and relocation can, however, affect nutrition levels.
Disruption exists even in parts of the economy that have good prospects.
Disruption is a delay
Disruption is a misdemeanor offense.
Disruption is an especially important force in the case of refugees and displaced persons.
Disruption is an important characteristic of innovation.
Disruption is defined as activity which interferes with the rights of others.
Disruption is disturbances.
Disruption is heavy.
Disruption is minimal.
Disruption is one thing, utter destruction is another.
Disruption is rife and the waves caused are already lapping at our shores.
Disruption is the shaking of the commonplace leading to the possibility of change.
Disruption isa event.
Disruption means wounding, severe mechanical impacts and fracturing.
Disruption never affects leader units.
Disruption refers to the breakdown of a normally formed tissue or structure.
Disruption stems from the inability to phase-compensate for each day that bedtime has been delayed.
Disruptions are disruptions, but the trend is unstoppable.
Disruptions are rare, but they do occur about once or twice every decade.
Disruptions are rare, which leaves plenty of time to teach.
Disruptions are unavoidable.
Disruptions can occur in finance, operations, administration, and marketing.
Disruptions caused by late arrivals are never acceptable in a university final exam.
Disruptions occur in every industry.
Any disruption is such a despised act that even telling someone to stop speaking is forbidden.
Any disruption makes the picture roll, tear, flutter, flicker colors, or break apart.
Some disruption is inevitable, even healthy.
Some disruption seems inevitable.
Disruptive behavior can be a problem for both long term care residents and staff.
Disruptive behavior has an impact on the other students in the class.
Disruptive behavior includes sounds and use of beepers and celular telephones.
Disruptive behavior is cause for expulsion.
Disruptive behavior is cause for summary ejection.
Disruptive behavior is constituted as any behavior which detracts from the learning process.
Disruptive behavior is decreased, often significantly, when children are seated mixed-gender.
Disruptive behavior is defined in the Student Handbook.
Disruptive behavior is subject to disciplinary action.
Disruptive behavior is the opposite of performance.
Disruptive behavior ranging from nuisance type behavior to physical aggression occurs.
Disruptive behaviour is an increasingly serious problem on university campuses.
Disruptive changes challenge the business models.
Disruptive changes come along often, making it difficult for any company to stay on top for long.
Disruptive children are forever in trouble and so believe that they are bad and unloveable.
Disruptive children are the responsibility of their parents.
Disruptive coloration helps break up an animal's outline.
Disruptive conduct includes loud or disruptive behavior in the classroom and excessive noise.
Disruptive innovations favor the first-mover.
Disruptive orders cause several government computers to go berserk.
Disruptive pacing is always too slow or too fast.
Disruptive patterns can also conceal specific features.
Disruptive patterns work best when all their components match the background.
Disruptive pupils are a pain.
Disruptive selection can also operate within a species to produce distinctive morphotypes.
Disruptive selection can be a precursor to speciation .
Disruptive selection can be important in the early stages of speciation.
Disruptive selection can increase bio-diversity.
Disruptive selection can lead to the formation of two new types from a single exisiting type.
Disruptive selection can lead to two new species.
Disruptive selection does cause an increase in variation.
Disruptive selection favors extreme phenotypes and selects against the average.
Disruptive selection favours extreme phenotypes and eliminates intermediate ones.
Disruptive selection is a type of the directional one, which acts in several directions.
Disruptive selection is an example of speciation.
Disruptive selection is perhaps the most elusive mode of selection.
Disruptive selection is somewhat more complicated.
Disruptive selection is the process that leads to speciation.
Disruptive selection is when the environment supports both extremes.
Disruptive selection leads the means of the population graph to be on both ends of the graph.
Some disruptive selections drive evolution.
Disruptive students are in every classroom across the nation.
Disruptive students are rare.
Disruptive students make it difficult for teachers to teach and for students to learn.
Disruptive students take teachers time and keep others from learning.
Disruptive students take the focus off learning.
Any disruptive students face appropriate administrative action.
Disruptive systems distract users from their task.
Disruptive technologies are part of that cycle.
Disruptive technologies are the kinds of technologies whose impacts are hard to predict.
Disruptive technologies change the value proposition in a market.
Disruptive technologies do exist, and their threat has to be on everyone's mind.
Disruptive technologies face more barriers thus limiting their success as a backbone solution.
Disruptive technologies have a few general characteristics.
Disruptive technologies open new markets, and deflate or even destroy old ones.
Disruptive technologies signal the emergence of new markets or market segments.
Every dissapative structure has a negentropic momentum associated with it.
Dissatisfaction brings about change.
Dissatisfaction can create a new openness in old forms and norms.
Dissatisfaction can start with the company's external environment.
Dissatisfaction grows every day, and tension manifests itself in the form of riots.
Dissatisfaction is a common thing among the young and the ambitious.
Dissatisfaction is desire
Dissatisfaction is emotion.
Dissatisfaction is high, morale low.
Dissatisfaction is indicated, perhaps as the result of boredom or disappointing experiences.
Dissatisfaction is rare, however.
Dissatisfaction is regarded as the mother of all philosophy.
Dissatisfaction is religion.
Dissatisfaction is replaced by harmony, trust, support, and respect.
Dissatisfaction is the cause of hearing the outside, rather than the inside.
Dissatisfaction is the real suffering.
Dissatisfaction is unhappinesses.
Dissatisfaction occurs in a relationship when the infatuation wears off and disillusionment sets in.
Dissatisfaction outweighs satisfaction.
Dissatisfaction rises with years of employment.
Dissatisfaction typically results in discontinuance of assistive technology devices.
Dissatisfactions leading to grievances can come from almost anywhere.
Dissatisfaction usually comes from looking at another man's things.
Dissatisfaction usually occurs because of irregularity and over or under resection of fat.
Most dissatisfaction seems to arise from the gap between expectations and reality.
Dissatisfied attorneys can find rewarding work both within and outside of the legal world.
Dissatisfied customers are more likely to broadcast their experiences than are satisfied customers.
Dissatisfied customers are possibly the easiest group of customers to help.
Dissatisfied customers cost a lot.
Dissatisfied customers equate to lost profits.
Dissatisfied customers move on.
Some dissatisfied customers complain to management.
Dissatisfied investors have two ways to express themselves, aside from selling the stock.
Dissatisfied investors represent a broad cross section of the community.
Many dissatisfied lawyers think the root of their unhappiness is the practice of law.
Dissatisfied workers are more likely to increase turnover rates and reduce productivity.
Dissected plateaus are highly eroded plateaus cut by rivers and broken by deep narrow valleys.
Dissected plateaus are present.
Dissected sites are steeper along entrenched river and creek valleys.
Dissectible device shows crucial similarities.
A dissection is a cutting
Dissection begins as an intramural hematoma arising from ruptured vasa vasorum.
Dissection begins by mobilizing the aorta away from the pulmonary artery.
Dissection can also occur from trauma such as motor vehicle accidents.
Dissection can enhance a life-long appreciation of living things .
Dissection continues until the suboccipital area is exposed.
Dissection devalues life and teaches insensitivity by treating living beings as disposable objects.
Dissection gets a whole new dimension thanks to technology.
Dissection includes the shark, fish, turtle, and pigeon.
Dissection involves the visual, kinesthetic, and concrete learning styles .
Dissection is a common practice in many classrooms.
Dissection is a course requirement.
Dissection is a very important part of the course.
Dissection is alternated from different directions.
Dissection is an integral part of the course.
Dissection is assisted with the laser for increased precision and avoidance of bleeding.
Dissection is begun laterally and continued medially until the first perforators are identified.
Dissection is carried anteriorly until the prostato-vesicle junction is reached.
Dissection is carried out on one limb only, review as dissecting.
Dissection is continued to the prevertebral fascia, the anterior longitudinal ligament.
Dissection is done at the major organ level.
Dissection is included as part of the laboratory syllabus.
Dissection is performed through each side of the gallbladder dividing the peritoneal reflection.
Dissection is required as part of the laboratory syllabus.
Dissection is required in the laboratory syllabus.
Dissection is required.
Dissection is similar to astructured walk-through of the code.
Dissection is supplemented by the use of x-rays, anatomical models and lectures.
Dissection is supported or encouraged by several professional organizations .
Dissection is the ideal way to learn about the external anatomy and internal organs of the frog.
Dissection is the ideal way to learn about the external anatomy and internal organs of the rat.
Dissection is used to help students become familiar with the various structures of the body.
Dissection leads to discovery.
Dissection leaves a trail of environmental and animal abuse.
Dissection occurs by longitudinal cleavage of the media by a column of blood.
Dissection requires full aortic evaluation.
Dissections are analysises.
Dissections are common just below the skull base where there is increased shear force.
Dissections are cuts.
Dissections are illnesses.
Dissections are on essential part of laboratory exploration.
Dissections can take place over many months, and usually in teams of students.
Some dissection is required.
Disseminated disease is uncommon and is typically seen in immunocompromised hosts.
Disseminated herpes is rare in the adult and usually occurs in the immunocompromised.
Disseminated neoplasia is a lethal disease of bivalves which appears neoplastic in nature.
Dissemination can be through a variety of print and electronic media.
Dissemination can occur in several ways.
Dissemination consists of the scattering of cremated remains at sea.
Dissemination demands education.
Dissemination includes publications, presentations and on-site visits.
Dissemination is a certainly a concern of the project.
Dissemination is a concern.
Dissemination is a process that has measurable components and leads to planned results.
Dissemination is a process that has measurable components.
Dissemination is a transmission
Dissemination is about having people who can benefit from an innovation put that innovation to use.
Dissemination is also important.
Dissemination is an important part of projects, especially research projects.
Dissemination is as essential as creation in advertising.
Dissemination is by gravity and animals.
Dissemination is by tuber and seed over a limited distance.
Dissemination is crucial in determining the impact of the research.
Dissemination is distribution.
Dissemination is easier when the knowledge can be made explicit or formal.
Dissemination is enhanced if coccidioidal infection is acquired during pregnancy.
Dissemination is limited, and there is no classification limit.
Dissemination is little researched and and little analyzed.
Dissemination is mainly by wind and occasionally by water.
Dissemination is mainly dependent upon animal activity.
Dissemination is much faster and a backfile is created and maintained within a single source.
Dissemination is now underway including a web-based package.
Dissemination is our current focus.
Dissemination is regarded as a central shortcoming of the federal education research program.
Dissemination is the communication activity designed to bridge the gap between the two mountains.
Dissemination is the spread of the fungal infection from the lungs to other parts of the body.
Dissemination is through teaching, workshops, publications, and web-based initiatives.
Dissemination is transmissions.
Dissemination marks the moment of truth.
Dissemination means to spread or scatter broadly.
Dissemination merges into lifelong learning.
Dissemination provides results of individual or local research to a regional or national audience.
Dissemination refers to the spread or dispersal of the pathogen from an inoculum source to a host.
Dissemination remains an on-going priority.
Dissemination requires a careful matching of information and user.
Dissemination requires personal intervention and support in order to achieve utilization.
Dissemination takes place in several ways.
Dissemination takes place once the idea has passed some minimum level of evaluation.
Dissemination takes place primarily by fragmentation.
Dissension also encourages others to choose sides.
Dissension arises when dogmatic doctrines and negations are discussed.
Dissension is a disagreement
Dissension is productive.
Dissension is the disease.
Dissension is the planting of doubt, unrest, and negativity in someone else s spirit.
Dissension means disunion.
Dissension rises from confusion and a lack of answers.
Dissension splits their ranks.
Dissent bubbles up in the most surprising and nastiest of ways.
Dissent drowns out in sex predator bill.
Dissent is a disagreement
Dissent is disagreements.
Dissent is objections.
Dissents are often strongly worded and critical of the majority opinion.
Most dissents favor tightening.
A dissenter is a person
Dissenters are likely to be ignored or dismissed.
Dissenters are mostly quiet, so far.
Dissenters are people.
Dissenters are tired of being treated like second-class citizens.
Dissenters continue to be harassed.
Dissenters find the novel's transgressive bent a touch stale, but the pack praises it.
Dissenters have to be given an opportunity to gather support for their point of view.
Dissenters sound silly.
Some dissenters acknowledge that their frustrations are the result of the movement's success.
Some dissenters argue that monopole, that is direct, single polarity, radiators, are better.
Some dissenters remain.
Dissertation Abstracts -Index to dissertation research available.
Dissertation Abstracts See above for a full description.
A dissertation is a treatise
Dissertation abstracts American database.
Dissertation abstracts An abstracted index to doctoral dissertations.
Dissertation abstracts international .
Dissertation abstracts international.
Dissertation Complete a doctoral dissertation.
Dissertation explores corporate communications and citizen understanding of public issues.
Dissertation is assessed by examination and viva voce.
Dissertation is the seminal study of the petroleum industry's use of document imaging systems.
Dissertation takes place during the regular course registration period.
Dissertations also can be difficult or impossible to obtain.
Dissertations are a gray area with questions of who has the right to copy or sell.
Dissertations are a trickier beast.
Dissertations are a valuable resource for other scholars only if they can be easily located.
Dissertations are a very important part of the body of nursing literature.
Dissertations are also very useful for their extensive bibliographies.
Dissertations are an excellent source of information and further references.
Dissertations are available for in-library use only.
Dissertations are available in microform, paperbound, or hardbound copies.
Dissertations are double-marked and are given two separate agreed marks. .
Dissertations are double-marked and are given two separate agreed marks.
Dissertations are double-marked in the department and also by the external examiners.
Dissertations are expensive to order and take up to two months to acquire.
Dissertations are generally available through interlibrary loan.
Dissertations are limited to a table of contents listing chapter titles.
Dissertations are presentations of original research written by a candidate for a doctoral degree.
Dissertations are quite bulky things.
Dissertations are sometimes available for loan.
Dissertations are the most important element of the PhD program.
Dissertations are thesises.
Dissertations are treatises.
Dissertations are usually available, but sometimes have a fee.
Dissertations are usually narrow but thorough.
Dissertations are VERY narrow in focus.
Dissertations can be a single, unified project or a series of related projects.
Dissertations can be helpful to get a feel for current research trends and disciplinary emphasis.
Dissertations can be in any area of forest management.
Dissertations can take many forms, but they commonly consist of three or more related papers.
Dissertations change within time.
Dissertations continue to be listed by subject as well as author and title.
Dissertations deal with problem-solving research of a more practical nature.
Dissertations deal with problem-solving research of a practical nature.
Dissertations pose special psychological problems for students.
Dissertations reflect a wide spectrum of interests and expertise.
Dissertations Take a look at a list of past Dissertations.
Dissertations take an extra step before binding.
Dissertations tend to be . . .
Dissertations Use all of the sources listed above.
Dissertations written at U.S. universities are available through interlibrary loan.
All dissertations are to be submitted in English.
Many dissertations are in Spanish.
Many dissertations develop new analytical approaches.
Most dissertations have only limited requests for copying.
Some dissertations focus on the re-examination of previously collected data.
Dissident activity increases.
Dissident journalists face the greatest threat.
Dissident republicans are opposed to the current peace process in Northern Ireland.
Dissident republicanism has of course, much in common with right-wing unionism.
Dissident sources claim one is planned for the near future.
A dissident is a person
Dissidents are organizations.
Dissidents are to be excluded, or made to shut up by being jailed.
Dissidents can expect to be rounded up and imprisoned.
Dissidents deny such allegations.
Dissidents exist in every society, often at great risk to their own security.
Dissidents languish in jail.
Dissidents released from prisons still face harassment, but they can meet outsiders and supporters.
Dissidents say that in the past year, the crackdown on dissent has become especially intense.
Dissidents use the Net to evade censorship to get their message out.
All dissidents disappear.
Many dissidents also argue for a steady-state universe as opposed to an expanding one.
Some dissidents have quite nasty personal characteristics.
Some dissidents still support central planning instead.
Dissimilar aircraft make it hard to visualize airborne, so get the idea on the ground, first.
Some dissimilar funds have similar holdings.
Some dissimilar materials have different temperature tolerance.
Some dissimilar materials have temperature tolerance.
Some dissimilar materials have tolerance.
Dissimilar properties are then the responsibility or result of the differing metal cations.
Dissimilar words are, on average, easier to recall than similar words.
Dissimilarity isa difference.
A dissimilation is a human process
Dissimilation is a part of the denitrification process.
Dissimilation is driven by phonological motivation to distinguish between the segments.
Dissimulation is absolutely necessary and unavoidable.
Dissimulation is misrepresentation
A dissimulator is a slicker
Dissimulators Expressing the following viewpoint in word is long overdue.
Dissipated power is given by their product.
Dissipation factor varies with frequency and temperature.
Dissipation causes warming .
Dissipation causes warming.
Dissipation improves with the use of natural heatsinks such as ground and power planes.
Dissipation is a danger to both health and truth.
Dissipation is determined by viscosity, and convection by conductivity.
Dissipation is dispersion.
Dissipation is due to microbial decomposition, with warm, moist conditions favoring decomposition.
Dissipation is frivolous, unjustified spending of marital assets.
Dissipation is humoring
Dissipation is included by terminating some of the system ports by dissipative elements.
Dissipation is included, but no mean share is present.
Dissipation is maximum near the bed as is sediment concentration.
Dissipation is the result of irreversible processes that take place in inhomogeneous systems.
Dissipation prevents the richness and unity of the mind.
Dissipation takes place around the resonance layer where the perturbation develops large gradients.
Dissipation usually begins during the early even-ing hours.
Dissipative structures are doubly dissipative.
Dissipative structures emerge under nonequilibrium conditions.
Dissipative use is where materials are degraded, dispersed, and lost in the course of usage.
Dissociation can affect the patient's memory, sense of reality, and sense of identity.
Dissociation can be a violent explosion.
Dissociation can become so intense that some women deny their pregnancies even to themselves.
Dissociation can even be a little irresponsible.
Dissociation can include depersonalisation and derealisation.
Dissociation is a common phenomena in cyberspace at large.
Dissociation is a disruption in normally integrated consciousness.
Dissociation is a failure to integrate experiences that normally go together.
Dissociation is a fascinating phenomenon.
Dissociation is a habit.
Dissociation is a kind of emotional protection in otherwise traumatizing situations.
Dissociation is a normal mental response to anxiety.
Dissociation is a powerful process, but by itself it can be normal.
Dissociation is a psychological defense mechanism that also has psychobiological components.
Dissociation is a spectrum, and most people are somewhere along that line.
Dissociation is a symptom .
Dissociation is a symptom.
Dissociation is abnormally high.
Dissociation is also a survival skill of great value in response to trauma and abuse.
Dissociation is also advantageous when working with clients who have physical and emotional pain.
Dissociation is an everyday conscious experience which begins in childhood.
Dissociation is an intrinsically interesting phenomenon.
Dissociation is another word for 'self induced trance state', altered state etc.
Dissociation is chemical processes.
Dissociation is desirable for several reasons.
Dissociation is due to lowering of the firing threshold of limbic neuronal circuits.
Dissociation is employed by children to escape from their abuser.
Dissociation is here to stay.
Dissociation is low in patients with medically established brain damage.
Dissociation is separation
Dissociation is separation.
Dissociation is the first line of human defense in shock.
Dissociation is the logical complement of the statistical concept of association.
Dissociation is the loss of conscious awareness of the real world.
Dissociation is the loss of the ability to access information normally in consciousness.
Dissociation is the minds way of breaking the connections between itself and the outside world.
Dissociation is the natural process of providing insulation to an over-exposed aspect of self.
Dissociation means complete ionization in water.
Dissociation occurs in many forms.
Dissociation prepares subjects for future suggestions.
Dissociations can be proper or wrongful.
All dissociation has a neurologic basis.
Dissociative amnesia can be very healthy and functional.
Dissociative amnesia can occur in response to intolerable stress.
Dissociative amnesia involves partial or total inability to recall past experiences.
Dissociative detachment relates to psychotic symptoms and personality decompensation.
Dissociative disorder is a mental disturbance
Dissociative disorder is disassociation
Dissociative disorders develop under fairly consistent circumstances.
Dissociative experiences occur when one engages in behaviors outside of conscious awareness.
Dissociative fugue is a rare disorder.
Dissociative phenomena are often stark, extreme, and vivid.
Dissolute bluebottles hum vacuously in the fruity air.
A dissolution of marriage is a breakup
Dissolutions of marriage show slight increases for all three time periods in the table below.
Dissolution follows on.
Dissolution is all about control and finances.
Dissolution is an action
Dissolution is clearly a major factor.
Dissolution is exothermic.
Dissolution is natural processes.
Dissolution is terminations.
Dissolution is the rate a drug goes into solution how fast it dissolves.
Dissolution Pay all debts, taxes and claim against business.
Dissolution stops when the solution was saturated with As.
Dissolution triggers the process of winding up corporate affairs.
Dissolution often starts along a bedding surface, due to overburden pressure.
Dissolution often starts with a period of mourning.
A dissolve is a transition
Dissolve baking soda in hot water, then stir into batter.
Dissolve baking soda in milk, add with bananas to creamed mixture.
Dissolve enzymes immediately before use.
Dissolve jello in hot brandy.
Dissolve jello in hot pineapple.
Dissolve masa flour into remaining beef broth then pour into chili.
Dissolve starch well in cold water and dissolve rice-flour well in cold milk.
Dissolves are transitions.
Dissolves cause dissolves.
Dissolves cellulite by washing out old fat in cells.
Dissolves clogs quickly even in gooseneck or lateral pipes.
Dissolves fear and rage.
Dissolves gradually move one image over another to stretch time and move into another space.
Dissolves tend to make the audience feel there has been a change in time or lo cation.
Dissolved copper reduces the effectiveness of the solution.
Dissolved gases are brought to cells and enter the cells via simple diffusion .
Dissolved gases are brought to cells and enter the cells via simple diffusion.
Dissolved gases are in equilibrium with the gas in the atmosphere.
Dissolved gases play an important role in theories of gases.
Dissolved iron is precipitated in the neutral leach.
Dissolved load consists of inconspicuous material in solution moving downstream.
Dissolved loads carried by the stream are relatively low.
Dissolved material is carried in solution.
Dissolved material is converted to a solid.
Dissolved matter is invisible, and is transported in the form of chemical ions .
Dissolved metal can do a lot of damage to the inhabitants of the stream.
Dissolved minerals fill in the small gaps between particles and then solidify, acting as cement.
Dissolved selenium is toxic to birds and fish, and state officials are talking about controls.
Dissolved substances form crystals as the solvent evaporates.
Dissolved substances lower the free energy of water.
Dissolving pulp is a specialty pulp grade that can be made from hardwood or softwood.
Dissolving stitches are usually used, so there is nothing to remove except the tape.
Dissolvings are liquefaction.
Dissonance theory applies to all situations involving attitude formation and change.
Dissonance belongs to voice-leading and horizontalities and hence is art.
Dissonance creates attention and interest.
Dissonance deals with the uncomfortable feelings of inconsistency.
Dissonance increases tension level in people.
Dissonance influences behavior.
Dissonance intrudes upon the soothing sounds for baby.
Dissonance is achieved when the use of thirds is interrupted.
Dissonance is an inability to be flexible.
Dissonance is beautiful.
Dissonance is conflict.
Dissonance is sound
Dissonance is sound.
Dissonance is uncomfortable, a condition to be avoided if possible.
Dissonance is used to connect consonances.
Dissonance lies on the cutting edge of today's industrial music scene.
Dissonance Notes that conflict, or sound outside of a chord in which they occur.
Dissonance processes as self-affirmation.
Dissonance produces tension or stress.
Dissonance seems to propel harmonic progressions on towards intervals or chords which are consonant.
Dissonances are often sharp and unexpected.
Dissonances can be 'hidden' within ornaments providing that the first and last notes are consonant.
All dissonances require second, fourth, or sixth degree.
Dissonant perspectives are necessarily difficult to tolerate.
Dissoved solutes reduce the chemical potential of a sample of water.
A dissymmetry is a property
Dissymmetry is an internet web development and design service.
Dissymmetry is corrected for by a flapping hinge action.
Dissymmetry is created by forward movement of the helicopter.
Dist package is a module called icon .
Distaff thistle grows in deep fertile soils and on poor, rocky hillsides.
Distaff thistles are unlikely to establish in well-managed perennial pastures.
A distaff is an area
Distaff is optional.
Distal control elements Far away from the core promotor.
Distal dam protects the distal edge of the stent, aiding in trackability and crossability.
Distal end is coned with two lateral eyes.
Distal margins are distinctly cinnamon colored.
Distal muscles are over represented.
Distal obstruction is characterized by a ladder pattern of Colonic obstruction.
Distal osteoporosis is presumably secondary to pain and the pathological fracture.
Distal pancreatectomy is inappropriate because of the proximal location of the injury.
Distal pancreatectomy takes out only the tail of the pancreas.
Distal pancreatectomy takes out the body and tail of the pancreas.
Distal pulses are present and normal.
Distal segment is normal size, diseased.
Distal stimulus is the physical object in the world.
Distal thread is tied to obliterate the lumen of the vein.
Some distal tubules are surrounded by capillaries.
Some distal tubules contain urea.
Distal type affects the distal portions of the extremities.
Distal vessel is elevated with a forceps, to test patency of anastomosis.
Distance course is available.
Distance courses are available in several different formats.
Distance courses are just as demanding as on-campus university courses.
Distance courses are the same semester length as any on-campus course.
Distance courses are very convenient.
Distance courses are very different from traditional college courses.
Distance courses enable the students and professor to be in different locations.
Distance courses have the same credit value as on-campus courses.
Distance courses make it possible to educate anyone who wants it.
Many distance courses require group activities with other students.
Many distance courses require meetings for lectures, tutoring and laboratory sessions.
Distance education adds a professional flair.
Distance education allows institutions to hire faculty from outside the local labor pool.
Distance education allows nurses the opportunity to complete their degree while they remain at home.
Distance education allows students to complete a bachelor's degree without leaving their home towns.
Distance education allows students to complete courses without stepping into a classroom.
Distance education can also facilitate talent development.
Distance education can be a confusing field.
Distance education can be more challenging than traditional classroom instruction.
Distance education can bring classes unavailable by any other means to rural and urban students.
Distance education can capture an audience that has been virtually untapped for many years.
Distance education can improve schools the same way that access to good books can improve education.
Distance education can offer advantages over conventional methods.
Distance education can play a big part in building a free market economy.
Distance education can reduce the their isolation.
Distance education can take many forms.
Distance education combines high quality instruction with current electronic technology.
Distance education comes in many different shapes and sizes.
Distance education creates a barrier to discourse that is easily overcome with practice.
Distance education eliminates the opportunity to observe body language and non-verbal communication.
Distance education enables a university to reach new kinds of students.
Distance education encompasses a variety of technologies and forms of learning at a distance.
Distance education exists in two principal forms.
Distance education expands the target audience of the university.
Distance education gives the adult learner more flexibility over the time and place of study.
Distance education goes to Moscow.
Distance education has a history almost as old as distance itself.
Distance education has a role to play in both areas.
Distance education has many names.
Distance education has two components, teaching and learning.
Distance education holds great promise for students in states like Utah.
Distance education implies a distribution of students, an obvious obstacle to learning.
Distance education involves a very different economic model from resident education.
Distance education involves as much work as a conventional course . . .
Distance education is a blessing.
Distance education is a challenging way to pursue university studies.
Distance education is a different experience.
Distance education is a different form of education for a particular kind of knowledge.
Distance education is a dynamic and growing arena.
Distance education is a flexible learning method of level, target group and subject.
Distance education is a key issue.
Distance education is a key to providing lifelong learning.
Distance education is a passive learning experience.
Distance education is a possibility as part of and as a supplement to the dual degree program.
Distance education is a proven way to earn a college degree.
Distance education is a radically different way of teaching.
Distance education is a rapidly growing and changing field.
Distance education is a second-class education.
Distance education is a strategy to deliver instruction.
Distance education is a very exciting and rewarding experience.
Distance education is a viable, effective, and efficient training medium for a number of reasons.
Distance education is a way to earn college credit without commuting to a campus.
Distance education is about a college world that is new, accessible and expanding.
Distance education is about technology-driven classes.
Distance education is actually a new recruiting and marketing channel.
Distance education is also a priority.
Distance education is an optional method of instructional delivery.
Distance education is an optional mode of instruction.
Distance education is at a strategic turning point.
Distance education is available.
Distance education is different for all participants.
Distance education is discussed here in a constructivist framework.
Distance education is economically viable as well as an effective teaching tool.
Distance education is for people .
Distance education is fundamentally an education issue.
Distance education is higher education's way of making the classroom more accessible to students.
Distance education is ideal for continuing professional education.
Distance education is in a phase of progress in the Russian Federation.
Distance education is learner-centred . . .
Distance education is much more static and lacks the flexibility of traditional classrooms.
Distance education is no exception.
Distance education is of great interest to faculty at the university.
Distance education is one of the fastest growing trends in higher education.
Distance education is one of the major trends in higher education.
Distance education is one solution to reaching more students while also avoiding overcrowding.
Distance education is only as good as the course design.
Distance education is particularly susceptible to the changes in technology .
Distance education is practiced in many settings in many ways.
Distance education is problematic from a cost standpoint.
Distance education is prominent in the educational technology literature.
Distance education is rigorous.
Distance education is student centered.
Distance education is the answer.
Distance education is the delivery of educational instruction without classroom attendance.
Distance education is the education of the future.
Distance education is the latest trend around the educational world.
Distance education is the wave of the future.
Distance education is unique in the fact that it can meet the needs of the many versus the few.
Distance education is very challenging and extremely rewarding.
Distance education is, at the moment, an open game with few rules.
Distance education maximizes students ability to learn and study independently.
Distance education means more now than just learning taxidermy by mail.
Distance education means the teacher and learner are separated by distance.
Distance education needs to be championed, and the community itself needs to be seen as the school.
Distance education offers great benefits, but it can also be very demanding.
Distance education offers one means of meeting the demand for lifelong learning.
Distance education offers practicable solutions to shortages of resources and teaching personnel.
Distance education poses special problems for student access to computing resources.
Distance education provides a huge potential and huge benefit.
Distance education provides access in a way that recognizes the many demands on our lives.
Distance education provides an alternative to the traditional classroom-based format.
Distance education provides flexibility for students.
Distance education raises unique concerns related to quality.
Distance education reduces the student load on expensive university computer labs and staff.
Distance education relies heavily on technologies of delivery.
Distance education represents a tremendous change in how higher education is delivered.
Distance education requires a high degree of self-motivation.
Distance education requires an independent self-learning style on the part of the student.
Distance education requires careful planning and preparation.
Distance education requires good time management.
Distance education requires reorienting teaching skills and a great deal of technical support.
Distance education serves people in all corners of the state.
Distance education succeed if it offers only a passive learning environment for students.
Distance education transcends distance and time.
Distance education uses technology to connect professors and coursemates.
Most distance education consists of presentation of information.
Most distance education requires heavy capital investment in the initial phases.
Some distance education is available.
Some distance education takes full advantage of technology.
Distance learning adds flexibility and availability, regardless of time, place, or pace of learning.
Distance learning allows all of the above and also things like test taking on-line.
Distance learning allows students to complete course work with a greater degree of independence.
Distance learning allows the student an opportunity to combine employment with study.
Distance learning appears to be all the rage.
Distance learning appears to be an appealing alternative to traditional face to face instruction.
Distance learning appears to be most prevalent in higher education.
Distance learning become common.
Distance learning becomes valuable when distance is involved.
Distance learning becomes very achievable.
Distance learning brings a new model for teacher training, teacher support and systemic reform.
Distance learning can also be in the form of an Internet-based system.
Distance learning can be an enriching and rewarding experience.
Distance learning can be an important solution to the problems of access that adult learners face.
Distance learning can be the solution.
Distance learning can be through asynchronous or synchronous means.
Distance learning can be useful for a large group of recipients.
Distance learning can mean many different things.
Distance learning can prove extremely advantageous.
Distance learning can serve both ends.
Distance learning can strengthen the perception that more scrutiny of outcomes is needed.
Distance learning can take place using many different technologies.
Distance learning can transform a small classroom into a global window.
Distance learning continues to evolve at an exponential rate.
Distance learning continues to expand from audio tapes to intranet to satellite.
Distance learning decouples the notion that learning occurs within a fixed setting, the school.
Distance learning demands students who can work independently without a lot of prompting.
Distance learning differs significantly from traditional face to face classes.
Distance learning enables people to study at home, to save time and money.
Distance learning enables students to participate in courses and programs at any time and any place.
Distance learning expands access and opportunities for Louisiana residents.
Distance learning gives individuals more opportunities to get an education.
Distance learning goes niche.
Distance learning grows enrollment, brings in income, and improves relations with industry.
Distance learning has a long history and has used many of the earlier non-computing technologies.
Distance learning has a significant potential to reduce capital costs.
Distance learning has an impact on the presenter's effectiveness.
Distance learning has considerable history in American education.
Distance learning has many forms.
Distance learning has other advantages.
Distance learning has that potential.
Distance learning has the potential to deliver training to business sites.
Distance learning has the potential to facilitate college-high school articulation.
Distance learning has the potential to support degree completion.
Distance learning has the potential to support short-term education needs.
Distance learning implies that there is a separation of instructor and student.
Distance learning increases access to higher education and professional training.
Distance learning involves bringing teaching and learning together through technology.
Distance learning involves learning from resources outside the classroom, namely computers.
Distance learning involves taking a course through the use of telecommunications technology.
Distance learning involves teaching classes where students and faculty are separated.
Distance learning involves the entire campus community.
Distance learning is a bit of a catch-all phrase.
Distance learning is a case in point.
Distance learning is a complement to the traditional learning environment.
Distance learning is a complex process between two departments within the same university.
Distance learning is a concept of a teacher in one place teaching to a remote site.
Distance learning is a different experience than the classroom experience.
Distance learning is a disgrace.
Distance learning is a flexible form of education because it creates options to learning.
Distance learning is a formal educational process that breaks the mold of the traditional classroom.
Distance learning is a fraud.
Distance learning is a good choice for people who are good at learning independently.
Distance learning is a great answer.
Distance learning is a great option for teachers who want to work full time while taking courses.
Distance learning is a great way to expand the boundaries of teaching.
Distance learning is a growing aspect of school and the technology here makes that possible.
Distance learning is a growing field and law is no exception.
Distance learning is a hot issue in many companies now and a real trend of the future.
Distance learning is a hot topic for today's society.
Distance learning is a more recent type of training delivery that is growing exponentially.
Distance learning is a natural environment for active learning.
Distance learning is a plot against professors.
Distance learning is a positive alternative, if done effectively.
Distance learning is a progressively efficient way to ensure education for all.
Distance learning is a term that is being used more and more today in place of distance education .
Distance learning is a time-intensive process.
Distance learning is a vehicle to facilitate learning outside of a traditional classroom setting.
Distance learning is a way of making training and further education more accessible and attractive.
Distance learning is a way of tackling learning rather than a type of study task.
Distance learning is a way to educate without being in a traditional classroom setting.
Distance learning is a way to help busy self-motivated students complete classes or training.
Distance learning is a wonderful way to take classes and never have to sit in a classroom.
Distance learning is about changing the classrooms.
Distance learning is academically sound.
Distance learning is already part of the new educational paradigm.
Distance learning is also a part of undergraduate pharmacy programs.
Distance learning is also available to area high school students through an area-wide network.
Distance learning is also available.
Distance learning is an effective means to meet the needs of the global work force.
Distance learning is an efficient, convenient, and economical solution.
Distance learning is an emerging practice in the United States.
Distance learning is an excellent teaching method.
Distance learning is an excellent tool for sharing knowledge.
Distance learning is an extremely flexible method of teaching.
Distance learning is an important and critical tool in the profession of medicine.
Distance learning is an old concept that is being given new life via the Web.
Distance learning is an option for all but the finance course.
Distance learning is an option for some of the courses.
Distance learning is another obvious priority.
Distance learning is another TTv application.
Distance learning is approached in many different ways.
Distance learning is available anytime and anyplace.
Distance learning is available in many programs.
Distance learning is available via satellite, the Internet or through videoconferencing.
Distance learning is available via the Internet.
Distance learning is available.
Distance learning is bandwidth dependent.
Distance learning is but one process.
Distance learning is carried out via e education.
Distance learning is cheap, and it can be delivered to remote and underdeveloped areas efficiently.
Distance learning is claimed as being magically able to bring the learning to the student.
Distance learning is cost effective if delivered on a large scale.
Distance learning is currently a hot topic in higher education.
Distance learning is different.
Distance learning is enormously time consuming.
Distance learning is facilitated through software packages, facsimile, the Internet, and e-mail.
Distance learning is hampered by lack of infrastructure.
Distance learning is here already.
Distance learning is here and is fast becoming the most economical method in training employees.
Distance learning is here to stay and it is an appropriate vehicle for the modern lifelong learner.
Distance learning is here to stay.
Distance learning is important to a growing range of students with diverse goals.
Distance learning is in a rapidly moving upward curve.
Distance learning is included.
Distance learning is intended to be learner-centered to the extent possible.
Distance learning is likely to become more important in the future.
Distance learning is made easy through the laptop computer provided to all students in the program.
Distance learning is made possible by the most up to date communication technology.
Distance learning is much harder than traditional courses and requires a lot of time.
Distance learning is new.
Distance learning is now a component in the instructional program in most colleges and universities.
Distance learning is now part of mainstream education.
Distance learning is of interest on campus.
Distance learning is offered using the worldwide web.
Distance learning is one of the hottest topics in educational computing today.
Distance learning is one of the key applications for which convergence is highlighted.
Distance learning is one of the most rapidly evolving changes.
Distance learning is perhaps the biggest user of videoconferencing technology in government today.
Distance learning is probably the most efficient and practical way to do that.
Distance learning is self directed learning.
Distance learning is still in the design phases, but it is getting better and better all the time.
Distance learning is suited to all academic disciplines and can improve the quality of teaching.
Distance learning is sure to be a hot discussion on campus over the weeks and months to come.
Distance learning is terrible.
Distance learning is the big trend now in schooling.
Distance learning is the fastest growing trend in education today.
Distance learning is the focus of two chapters.
Distance learning is the medium through which our school division offers Latin.
Distance learning is the most familiar method for offering courses at multiple sites.
Distance learning is the most rapidly expanding sector in higher education.
Distance learning is the physical separation between the instructor and students.
Distance learning is the process of creating a new learning environment around remote resources.
Distance learning is the site s primary focus.
Distance learning is the umbrella term.
Distance learning is the use of technology to deliver instruction.
Distance learning is the use of telecommunications designed to facilitate student learning.
Distance learning is the wave of the future.
Distance learning is to learning what phone sex is to sex.
Distance learning is tool to help developing countries to catch up.
Distance learning is used for several different reasons.
Distance learning is used several times a month.
Distance learning is utilized for some conferences, workshops, and courses.
Distance learning is very important now.
Distance learning is viewed as a service industry by the new virtual universities.
Distance learning lessens the barriers mentioned above by offering more flexibility.
Distance learning makes it possible to learn anywhere, anytime.
Distance learning means different things to different people.
Distance learning needs more money.
Distance learning needs to be carefully defined and evaluated.
Distance learning offers another opportunity to spin content in a new way.
Distance learning offers convenience and flexibility for students with busy lives.
Distance learning poses the risk of turning faculty and courses into commodities.
Distance learning poses unique feedback challenges.
Distance learning presupposes the passivity of the learner.
Distance learning provides a certain amount of flexibility for the student.
Distance learning provides an alternative to the traditional classroom-based format.
Distance learning provides instruction through physical spaces and distances electronically.
Distance learning provides less opportunity for verbal interaction.
Distance learning provides many other high-tech options.
Distance learning provides more freedom for learners and creates more choices than ever before.
Distance learning provides opportunities to individuals who face such time and place constraints.
Distance learning reduces company costs while they educate their employees.
Distance learning refers to learning that takes place some distance from a traditional classroom.
Distance learning refers to the transmission of course information over physical distances.
Distance learning relies on a more interactive, real-time model.
Distance learning requires as much time as on-campus courses, sometimes more.
Distance learning requires at least as much time as on campus classes.
Distance learning requires at least as much time as on-campus courses.
Distance learning requires dedication on the part of the student.
Distance learning requires discipline and motivation.
Distance learning requires discipline.
Distance learning requires independent, self-starting, and mature students.
Distance learning requires self-discipline and working independently.
Distance learning requires significant investment in facultydevelopment.
Distance learning requires some degree of self-starting initiative.
Distance learning requires students be self-directed, independent learners.
Distance learning requires the same research and dedication as attending school.
Distance learning requires the use sophisticated communication technology.
Distance learning requires time-consuming planning and execution by skilled personnel.
Distance learning serves as both a supplement to and replacement for traditional nursing programs.
Distance learning takes on many faces.
Distance learning uses communication technologies to stimulate lifelong learning.
Distance learning uses the Internet to bring a group of learners together.
Most distance learning is really just distance information.
Distance measurements are on level ground in still air.
Distance measurements take on a new meaning.
All distance measurements are averages measured to stage floor at centerline.
Distance medley wins title and sets school record.
Distance of flight is measured from point of launch to point of touchdown.
Distance races are preferred.
Distance races require more warm-up than sprints.
Distance racing is great training for cadets.
Distance racing is worse than drug addiction.
Distance runners are incredible people.
Distance runners are prone to chronic cases of plantar fasciitis and heel spurs.
Distance runners are survivors.
Distance runners enjoy someone who can set a hard pace.
Distance runners gain muscle strength, stronger hearts and better knee lift with hill repeats.
Distance runners have more endurance if they eat high carbohydrate meals before a competition.
Distance runners have to adjust gradually to the mechanical correction of orthotic devices.
Distance runners have to take good care of their bodies.
Distance runners require maximum economy of energy expenditure for best results.
Distance runners savor the solitude of a run without others.
Distance runners take drugs to increase blood oxygen.
Distance runners tend to have a low fat content.
Many distance runners train at high altitude.
Many distance runners use analgesics indiscriminately.
Most distance runners move up in distance as they get older.
Distance running does help develop endurance.
Distance running has to be a very comfortable rhythmic activity.
Distance running is a classic sport, almost as old as time itself.
Distance running is about much more than physical pain.
Distance running is in a bit of a slump right now also.
Distance running is like cod liver oil.
Distance scale is at lower left.
Distance scales are in microns.
Distance sensors report distance to nearest obstacle in direction of sensor.
Distance vector is preferred to link state in networks with long paths.
Distance affects cutoffs, stealing, bunting, relays and many other things.
Distance allows greater possibility for reflection.
Distance alone can ensure description.
Distance alone is sufficient to remove most moisture from winds.
Distance alone makes planet and sun dwindle.
Distance also affects our ability to resolve the angular separation of a given orbital radius.
Distance also affects trade patterns.
Distance also figures into the equation of play in China .
Distance also increases our sense of helplessness and fear.
Distance also is a factor affecting demand.
Distance apart is measured from the center of the plant.
Distance attenuates the voice of the alternative.
Distance becomes a non-issue.
Distance begets coldness and indifference.
Distance belong against one thing although ask batting cage nets.
Distance calls even though the depths threaten.
Distance can affect pricing.
Distance can also be a factor.
Distance can be romantic.
Distance can mellow opinions and stances.
Distance ceases to mean anything.
Distance changes the teacher's role to a more facilitative one.
Distance collapses, and horizons merge.
Distance combine against the thumb either guarantee boxing.
Distance comes from clubhead speed and hand position at impact.
Distance comes from clubhead speed.
Distance comes in layers, with mountainous curves winding their way through space.
Distance conferencing software enables collaboration between students and clients.
Distance continues to be less relevant in our business activities.
Distance creates problems for migrants.
Distance cues Distance cues allow the listener to determine the proximity of the sound.
Distance decide throughout a thread until watch auto searches.
Distance decide throughout a thread until watch baseball computer games.
Distance decreases radiation dose.
Distance depends on golfer's ability.
Distance depends upon the weather and who shows.
Distance discourages essayists from drawing the clich d moral.
Distance does increase resistance, thereby reducing conductance.
Distance entre les villes.
Distance equals safety margin when storm chasing.
Distance equals the product of rate and time.
Distance equals the straight line measure from initial starting position to final stopped position.
Distance Get close to the object to show detail, and cut down on distraction.
Distance gives the illusion of security.
Distance has a marked effect on noise levels.
Distance has little meaning in the e-world.
Distance has little to do with it.
Distance has no affect on the energy.
Distance has no bearing on the outcome of the event at all.
Distance has no meaning in cyber-space.
Distance has no meaning.
Distance has very good reception and looks like a cellular phone.
Distance helps control which species get here.
Distance helps there.
Distance helps, so does placing a discussion area in the middle.
Distance here means an absolute vacuum.
Distance here refers to some internet performance metrics such as latency or bandwidth.
Distance implicates a return.
Distance increases each week.
Distance increases with darker polygons.
Distance increases with lighter coloured lines.
Distance is a big one, as well as other line conditions.
Distance is a concern for genetic reasons.
Distance is a concern since they all reside in the east.
Distance is a factor in a major way.
Distance is a factor in people's willingness to use the shuttle bus system.
Distance is a function of the phase difference.
Distance is a function of velocity.
Distance is a good thing, and so is admitted difference, even when it sounds like hostility.
Distance is a hazard.
Distance is a hindrance, often at least.
Distance is a magic word and here at last is a way to achieve our dream.
Distance is a measure of the space between two things .
Distance is a measure of the space between two things.
Distance is a mental thing.
Distance is a metaphor for indifference or worse.
Distance is a non-thing.
Distance is a pleasure.
Distance is a product of the flight plan and is the same under all options.
Distance is a ratio scale, and there are others.
Distance is a relative concept in more ways than one.
Distance is a scalar and always positive, equal to the absolute magnitude of r.
Distance is a scalar quantity representing the interval between two points.
Distance is a scalar quantity, it is a number given in some units .
Distance is a scalar quantity, it is a number given in some units.
Distance is a scalar.
Distance is a significant disadvantage.
Distance is a simple concept and x is a simple variable.
Distance is a simple, inexpensive, and very effective method of dose reduction.
Distance is a simple, inexpensive, and very effective way of dose reduction.
Distance is about a mile.
Distance is about four miles.
Distance is abt.
Distance is adjusted for ages.
Distance is all but unfathomable in that setting.
Distance is almost a mile.
Distance is also a factor.
Distance is also a function of swing weight and overall weight.
Distance is always non-negative.
Distance is an important factor in the application of ANY technique.
Distance is an important factor.
Distance is an important, yet hard concept for students to understand.
Distance is an integral type that is large enough to represent the value last - first .
Distance is another issue.
Distance is approx.
Distance is basically a Consideration.
Distance is calculated according to the reading on the dial.
Distance is calculated from depot to depot.
Distance is calculated in either miles or kilometres.
Distance is convertible to RandomNumberGenerator 's argument type.
Distance is created by withholding something.
Distance is credited for all kilometers accomplished.
Distance is dead.
Distance is deceptive in the desert.
Distance is defined to be the magnitude or size of displacement between two positions.
Distance is described as a stated number of words.
Distance is destroyed.
Distance is different from displacement .
Distance is different from displacement.
Distance is distorted by the dark, drugs, dust and creeping exhaustion.
Distance is everything.
Distance is expressed as miles of travel.
Distance is expressed in arc minutes.
Distance is from pop to co to customer.
Distance is how far it is between two points.
Distance is how far straight forward it the plane traveled.
Distance is ignored by love.
Distance is immaterial.
Distance is in parsecs.
Distance is indicated.
Distance is indifference.
Distance is intervals.
Distance is irrelevant.
Distance is judged by how far the last physical extension of the robot gets.
Distance is just one element.
Distance is less and less a problem.
Distance is listed in our specifications and foldout brochure.
Distance is maintained in all situations, even in the case of preparation of food.
Distance is meaningless when the effort is rewarded with fearless preaching and practical teaching.
Distance is meaningless.
Distance is measured as the proportion of mismatched loci between pairs of ETs.
Distance is measured by the number of days it took to walk from one place to another.
Distance is measured directly downstream from diffuser.
Distance is measured from the approximate center of a community or place.
Distance is measured from the takeoff point to the point in between where the skier's two legs land.
Distance is measured from the top edge of the bank.
Distance is measured in base pairs.
Distance is measured in centimorgans.
Distance is measured in feet, miles, nautical miles, meters, and kilometers.
Distance is measured in kilometers, speed signs are in kilometers per hour.
Distance is measured in kilometers.
Distance is measured in kilometres.
Distance is measured in miles, feet, and inches.
Distance is measured in miles, weight in pounds and ounces, and height in feet and inches.
Distance is measured in minutes rather than miles.
Distance is measured to the flag.
Distance is measured using the Euclidean metric.
Distance is more difficult and where most people have putting problems.
Distance is never a barrier.
Distance is never negative.
Distance is no barrier on the Internet.
Distance is no barrier to cost-effective crisis and media relations support.
Distance is no barrier.
Distance is no factor.
Distance is no handicap to giving our customers good service.
Distance is no longer a barrier to commerce.
Distance is no longer a barrier to functioning markets.
Distance is no longer a barrier.
Distance is no longer a crippling disadvantage.
Distance is no longer a deciding factor because communication shrinks distance.
Distance is no longer a prescribed factor.
Distance is no longer a problem in our modern world of e-mail, visa, and international ups.
Distance is no longer a problem, the customer can shop around the virtual world for the best value.
Distance is no longer a relevant measure of travel.
Distance is no longer a tyranny.
Distance is no longer an excuse in terms of keeping in touch.
Distance is no longer an issue.
Distance is no longer an obstacle to higher education.
Distance is no longer an obstacle.
Distance is no longer much of a factor in communication.
Distance is no longer the buffer it was centuries ago.
Distance is no object .
Distance is no object and there are no limits in time.
Distance is no object as even the stars are within reach.
Distance is no object as structural design work can often be done without visiting the project site.
Distance is no object.
Distance is no obstacle.
Distance is no problem as our valuers are in each area regularly.
Distance is no problem.
Distance is no shield.
Distance is nothing.
Distance is obtained as a function of the time taken by the wave to hit a surface and come back.
Distance is often correct on equidistance maps only in the direction of latitude.
Distance is often the best possible protection from radiation.
Distance is one such barrier, but it is by no means the most serious.
Distance is one.
Distance is part of what makes Australia the beautiful, strange, and paradoxical country that it is.
Distance is points.
Distance is prime.
Distance is quantities.
Distance is really proficient as a tracker.
Distance is regions.
Distance is related to color of the surface.
Distance is relative to maximal side of bottom plane.
Distance is relative to the squareness of contact.
Distance is relative.
Distance is sacred and dangerous.
Distance is safe on most plants and beneficial insects.
Distance is shown in either nautical miles or kilometres.
Distance is size.
Distance is something to cherish and hold to.
Distance is spacing
Distance is spacing.
Distance is still a major barrier to collaboration for highly distributed companies.
Distance is still a primary factor in completing the mapping process.
Distance is the actual path length traveled by a moving object.
Distance is the answer in a grammar.
Distance is the best shield.
Distance is the dependent variable and always plotted on the vertical axis .
Distance is the distance between the observer and the galaxy.
Distance is the distance in feet.
Distance is the key concept here.
Distance is the linear measure along a line.
Distance is the most important.
Distance is the objective.
Distance is the only method of determining a winner.
Distance is the opposite of the aforementioned places or fixed scenarios.
Distance is the primary factor in reducing the strength of a magnetic field.
Distance is the relative distance between the positions of opponents.
Distance is the simplest and most effective protection.
Distance is the space the object moves.
Distance is therefore no object.
Distance is time intervals.
Distance is time whereas a surface is apprehended more in terms of the moment.
Distance is to be reported to the nearest kilometer.
Distance is to center of greens.
Distance is total.
Distance is truly irrelevant here, as the terrain provides enough challenge.
Distance is unlimited, including multiple hops.
Distance is up to the individual.
Distance is useless without accuracy.
Distance is usually the tougher thing to control.
Distance is what matters.
Distance isa placement.
Distance learning audio education is the wave of the future.
Distance learning by definition unbundles the campus-centric delivery model for the learner.
Distance learning courses in our environment are still a quite new phenomenon.
Distance learning courses on water and wastewater treatment and related subjects are also available.
Distance learning groups get a list of goals.
Distance learning in many cases provides students greater flexibility.
Distance learning modules are in development.
Distance learning over the Internet can involve many different technologies .
Distance learning over the internet is likely to become a booming business.
Distance learning promises to open the doors even further.
Distance learning software and assistance with the trans itional process is discussed.
Distance learning students have special rights and responsibilities.
Distance learning students pay fees to the home campus.
Distance learning students require regular, comprehensive feedback.
Distance learning students submit their assignments via fax, postal service, and email.
Distance learning students typically take one or two courses each quarter.
Distance learning support - instructor can assign lessons without any intervention.
Distance learning Take courses at home or at work via videotape or the Internet.
Distance learning using the Internet means reaching more students and increasing revenue.
Distance learning utilizing teleconferencing is also available.
Distance learning via the Internet is available for shorter courses.
Distance learning via the Internet opens up a new realm of possibilities.
Distance learning via TV satellite, teleconference or Web page are options.
Distance learning with on-line courses makes taking grad courses much more convenient.
Distance learning with two-way voice and video is on the agenda.
Distance lends perspective and comprehension.
Distance loses all perspective.
Distance makes a return trip to verify the typed text against the markers too expensive.
Distance makes audience involvement and participation much more difficult.
Distance makes little difference in the time, cost or speed of getting information.
Distance makes no difference.
Distance makes people bolder and less hesitant to break promises.
Distance makes that more difficult.
Distance makes the bird fly farther, or Discrimination of auditory distance cues by songbirds.
Distance makes the heart fond.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder - for one whole week.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder, so they say.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder, they say, and closing that distance can be dizzying.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Distance matters less and less as time passes.
Distance means less and less in the library world.
Distance means money.
Distance means nothing.
Distance means time as well as space.
Distance measured downward from the principal axis is taken as negative distance.
Distance minimizes pollen contact.
Distance never separates two hearts that really care.
Distance obliterates vision with the result that the otherwise visible world becomes invisible.
Distance offers no insulation.
Distance only needs one number.
Distance plays a factor in the distribution of experience points as well.
Distance plays a part in the strength of regional influences in Queensland.
Distance refers to the distance a load is moved by the force.
Distance Refers to the relative positions of two opposing fencers.
Distance Reports the distance between the last two picked atoms.
Distance seem erroneous, size becomes incomprehensible.
Distance seems to set moral boundaries, and distant strangers seem to be of minimal moral concern.
Distance shown in each picture is a hyperbolic distance from the origin.
Distance shrinks details, too.
Distance signs Ireland is in a transitional stage which often causes confusion.
Distance speaks volumes.
Distance specifies the distance between the line number and the start or end of the text area.
Distance tends to dilute the concentration of fission products in the atmosphere.
Distance therefore poses no obstacle to the globalisation of the disk-drive industry.
Distance Try to sit or stand facing the speaker.
Distance varies depending on who is there and what people are training for.
Distance vary depending on daylight.
Distance works best as a broadcast application.
Distances also play a key role in determining size and type of wiring.
Distances are a main issue.
Distances are accurate and eligible for state and national records.
Distances are almost as great as in Paris.
Distances are also limited according to the lie of the ball.
Distances are an illusion.
Distances are approximate from the start.
Distances are approximate.
Distances are better than average and the high trajectories make for good green holding ability.
Distances are compressed equator-ward and stretched poleward.
Distances are considerable and require occasional lifts by bus, taxi, or cable car.
Distances are considerable and roads are limited.
Distances are enormous and something seems to be happening everywhere.
Distances are estimates only, and calculated 'as the crow flies'.
Distances are extremely accurate.
Distances are farther apart than in Latin America or the Far East.
Distances are from center to center.
Distances are from the hotel.
Distances are from town and back unless noted.
Distances are great and access to specialty health care services is a problem.
Distances are great and most of the population lives on the east coast.
Distances are great in Africa and clothes and other essentials are cheap.
Distances are great in Latin America.
Distances are great in the Pacific and Indian Ocean.
Distances are great on the reservation.
Distances are great, sometimes requiring a fuel stop depending upon the airplane used.
Distances are hard to guess out here, but it looked to be a mile or less.
Distances are hard to judge in the air.
Distances are hard to judge.
Distances are in Angstroms.
Distances are in earth radii.
Distances are in feet.
Distances are in Jupiter radii.
Distances are in kilometres .
Distances are in kilometres whilst driving time is in hours and minutes.
Distances are in light years and times in years.
Distances are in meters.
Distances are in miles and kilometres.
Distances are in miles, time calculated by following posted limits.
Distances are in miles.
Distances are in nautical miles.
Distances are irrelevant to injustice.
Distances are limited and the emphasis is on raw performance.
Distances are mostly consistent with reality.
Distances are nothing, nowadays.
Distances are one-way and the approximate hiking times are based on good weather conditions.
Distances are quite accurate.
Distances are rank ordered, and sequences with lowest distance are reported on top.
Distances are relatively short and traffic is light.
Distances are relatively unimportant.
Distances are round-trip.
Distances are short and most trips take under four hours.
Distances are short and public transportation is excellent.
Distances are short and the bus system is quite extensive.
Distances are short and the waters are protected.
Distances are short because of traffic concerns and possible cold weather .
Distances are short because of traffic concerns and possible cold weather.
Distances are short, and a pleasant walk or a brief cycle are reliable alternatives.
Distances are short, but stops are frequent.
Distances are short, prices are reasonable, and the people friendly and welcoming.
Distances are short.
Distances are small and bikes are widely used.
Distances are small enough for walking.
Distances are small for similar sequences.
Distances are to scale, but the galaxy images have been enlarged for a viewing pleasure.
Distances are too great.
Distances are true along the equator and other parallels.
Distances are true on both standard parallels.
Distances are up stage from the plaster line.
Distances are vast and public transport is spotty and expensive.
Distances are vast.
Distances assume the most practical route.
Distances become useless to discriminate clusters.
Distances can be deceptive in the open space.
Distances can be misleading.
Distances can look short and be a hundred miles, or opposite,as can speeds.
Distances can sometimes be long.
Distances covered by migrating ducks vary with the species.
Distances depend on light conditions.
Distances depends on group energy levels.
Distances discr tes.
Distances get much farter apart.
Distances given are suggested only, it is always possible to run a shorter or longer distance.
Distances given in minutes indicate a driving time.
Distances Help children learn a basic math skill, estimating distance, with a simple trundle.
Distances here are enormous.
Distances included here are one-way.
Distances involved depend upon the routes taken.
Distances measured in fractions of a parsec usually involve objects within the same star system .
Distances measured in fractions of a parsec usually involve objects within the same star system.
Distances measured in the direction opposite to that of the incident rays, is taken as negative.
Distances normally change over time.
Distances pose a key problem.
Distances range from seven to ten miles.
Distances shown are approximate.
Distances shown are for national competitions.
Distances shown are from river to monitoring well.
Distances shown are in a direct line.
Distances shown include diversions and riding around in towns.
Distances shown on the profile include the effects of elevation changes.
Distances shrink under the pressure of the internet, cell phones, and e-mail.
Distances shrink, the horizon stretches.
Distances vary according to the number of sows and total number of animal units.
Distances vary and are at the discretion of the range officers.
Distances vary based on the competition.
Distances vary from nearby neighborhoods to surrounding counties.
Distances writes a matrix of the pairwise evolutionary distances between aligned sequences.
All distance is measured to the center of the green.
All distance learning courses coincide with the regular college semester.
All distance learning transportation courses are self-paced, continuous entry courses.
All distances above are to the curtain.
All distances are against the clock and achievable.
All distances are approximate and in miles.
All distances are approximate.
All Distances are approximate.
All distances are Feet'Inches.
All distances are from nearest trailhead.
All distances are given in millimetres.
All distances are in feet.
All distances are in inches.
All distances are in Kilometers.
All distances are in kilometres and miles.
All distances are in kilometres.
All distances are in measured in meters and charges in nanoCoulombs.
All distances are in meters , by the way.
All distances are in meters.
All distances are in metres.
All distances are in miles unless otherwise noted.
All distances are in miles.
All distances are in yards.
All distances are open to walkers and runners alike.
All distances are open to walkers and runners.
All distances are out and back.
All distances are proportional to their actual size within the genome.
All distances are relative to the established river markings.
All distances are statute miles, unless stated otherwise.
All distances feature chip timing and perfect winter desert weather.
All distances given include the return to the start point.
All distances listed are round trip.
All distances listed on the map are from the town of Jackson.
All distances measured by using the map and graphic scales are flat distances.
All distances shown are relative to the elbow.
Any distances measured on that side are positive.
Many distance learning credit courses fulfill prerequisites for admission.
Many distance learning providers use a cookie cutter template to shorten course development time.
Many distance learning students are older, have jobs and family responsibilities.
More distance usually means less quality.
Most distance learning course programmes are flexible, but to complete one requires discipline.
Some distance away are clouds, indicating the freedom of an expansive sky.
Some distance away is a date farm .
Some distance away is a mountain.
Some distance away is a suggestion of the crowd of civilians, held back by police.
Some distance away is the village church which is small and built of flint and pebbledash.
Some distance learning course syllabi are also available on the Web.
Some distance learning courses require a different textbook than the traditional course.
Some distance learning courses require listening to programs on audio cassettes.
Some distance learning courses require occasional on-campus work.
Some distance learning information is provided, as well as some excellent home school resources.
Some distance learning site libraries offer workshops, as well as individual help.
Some distance learning technologies use analog transmissions and some use digital.
Distant ancestors have alternation.
Most distant ancestors have alternation.
More distant arms are hard to trace.
Distant bellows rise and fall, peaking in shrill, cracked tones during the third of four movements.
Distant church bells chime the hour.
More distant clouds emit narrower lines.
Distant clusters contain galaxies with disturbed morphologies and peculiar spectra.
Distant collocation is important because it opens the door to all sorts of other services.
Distant concussions sound.
Distant corruption is one price of providing jobs and profits in Birmingham, Bordeaux or Bremen.
Distant countries are now almost as close as neighboring counties.
Distant countries are now almost neighboring counties in terms of travel.
Distant cousins include wolverines.
Distant Cousins Peruse our guide to African and Asian elephants.
Some distant cousins provide relatives.
Distant customers pay more.
More distant customers come from as far afield as Brazil, Belize and Australia.
Distant disease has an even worse prognosis.
Most distant dissemination occurs when birds feed on mistletoe berries or seeds.
Distant drums bring the news of a kill tonight.
Distant drums call.
Distant earthquakes have no direct effect on Washington and Oregon.
Distant echoes guide today's paces.
Distant education is risky.
More distant environments have less influence on the family.
Some distant features disappear from view.
Distant galaxies are also sometimes relatively strong sources of radio waves.
Distant galaxies are anomalously blue.
Distant galaxies are smoother than close ones.
Many distant galaxies look significantly different from their nearby counterparts.
More distant galaxies are fainter.
More distant galaxies have larger shifts, which means they are moving away even faster.
More distant galaxies recede faster from Earth than nearby galaxies.
More distant galaxy has greater redshift.
Distant goals require at least two years of advance planning.
Distant grandparents are benevolent, but remote.
Distant ground seems to warp when viewed through sniper scope.
Distant healing is done on request.
Distant healing is very useful.
Most distant healing is done en masse, but people with severe illnesses are treated individually.
Distant hearing is almost impossible.
Distant heart sounds.
Distant hills blend into an endless horizon.
Distant hills look green.
Distant hills offer a panoramic view of some of the most beautiful country in America.
Distant history is made human by song, in voices that feel authentic and committed.
Some distant homesteads have threshing floors located nearby.
Distant humps bump the far horizon.
Distant learners have less opportunity for interaction with peers or tutors.
More distant lightning causes tweeks and whistlers, which sound like descending whistles.
Distant metastases are also common even if the primary tumor is controlled.
Distant metastases are extremely rare.
Distant metastases are infrequent.
Distant metastases are rare.
Distant metastases are the only absolute criterion for the diagnosis of malignancy.
Distant metastases occur most commonly in the lungs and liver.
Distant metastases occur rather than local invasion.
Distant metastases remain the primary cause of death and therapeutic failure.
Distant metastasis is apparent.
Distant metastasis is present.
Distant metastasis is rare.
Distant metastasis is via blood vessels.
More distant metastases are also possible.
Distant mountains undulate in sunshine.
More distant nuclei remain quiescent.
Distant objects appear blurred, and nearby objects are even more fuzzy.
Distant objects appear blurry while close objects are clear.
Distant objects appear blurry, but near objects appear clear.
Distant objects appear more blue because of another optical effect called atmospheric perspective .
Distant objects are then less indistinct and fainter.
Distant objects look blurry.
Distant objects look closer to each other than they actually are.
Distant objects seem to stand above the horizon.
Distant objects tend to be blue or purple.
More distant objects have spectra in which features are shifted to longer, redder, wavelengths.
Distant parking is cheaper, anyway.
Distant partnerships add valuable information to a student's understanding of complex social issues.
Distant patients can send hair and nail sample.
More distant planets move at slower speeds.
Distant pressure ridges evidence the great forces within the ice sheet and invite closer inspection.
Distant relatives attempt to communicate via radio.
Distant relatives bring plastic flowers that look real from afar.
Distant relatives give only a partial alignment to part of the gene.
More distant relatives are grenadiers, toadfishes and anglerfishes.
More distant relatives have a word indicating to which group of princes and princesses they belong.
More distant relatives inherit only if there is no surviving spouse and if there are no children.
More distant satellites have smaller accelerations.
Distant shots are the most problematic.
Distant sirens indicate even more.
Distant sites are sometimes able to provide free housing to students during their clerkship.
Distant sources can also have an effect, however.
Distant spread is called metastasis .
Distant strains float though the part and folly.
More distant strikes produce the familiar growl and rumble of thunder.
Distant students have a variety of reasons for taking courses.
More distant surfaces indicate electrons at higher velocity.
Distant targets seem more reasonable.
Distant things look very large.
Distant thunder is no longer distant.
Distant towns have a different time.
Distant training provides direct instruction on demand or at agreed training events.
Distant treetops are usually a good rule of thumb.
Distant tsunamis allow many hours of response time.
Distant views are principally of the north, northwest, and west flank.
Distant violins perform simple background accompanyment for the flutes, banjos and pianos.
Distant vision is especially important in avoiding mid-air collisions.
Distant vision is usually unaffected.
Distant voices sound eerie in wind ambience.
Distaste isa feeling.
Distemper is an animal disease
Distemper kills only half of affected dogs.
Distemper occurs throughout the entire range and is highly contagious.
Distension excites stretch receptors and irritation activates chemoreceptors in the mucosa.
Distension is expansion
Distention activates long and myenteric reflexes.
Distillate oils are light oils, which are used chiefly to heat homes and small buildings.
Distillate products have a 'mid-boiling range,' and include gas oil and kerosene.
Distillate stocks remain well below normal.
Distillation columns are one of the most often used types of separation equipment in industry.
Most distillation columns are open to the atmosphere.
Distillation tower has internal damage limiting production rates.
Distillation also requires boilers, another energy cost.
Distillation begins after a few hours of field drying.
Distillation boils water to form steam that is then cooled and condensed to form pure water.
Distillation boils water to form steam that is then cooled and then recondensed.
Distillation does all three functions.
Distillation eliminates all harmful tap water contaminants.
Distillation has many applications.
Distillation heats the plant until the oil vaporizes.
Distillation involves boiling water and collecting the vapor.
Distillation involves boiling water and then collecting the vapor as it condenses back to water.
Distillation involves boiling water and then collecting the vapor that condenses back to water.
Distillation involves the process of vaporizing water by boiling it.
Distillation is a commonly used method of on-site recovery.
Distillation is a controlled process commonly used in chemistry to separate mixtures of liquids.
Distillation is a process by which a liquid can be purified.
Distillation is a process of filtration by which water is boiled.
Distillation is a process that relies on evaporation to purify water.
Distillation is a process that separates two or more combined substances through heating.
Distillation is a two-step process.
Distillation is an action
Distillation is an effective process for producing highly treated drinking water.
Distillation is an effective water treatment technology for household and commercial use.
Distillation is an example of a viable recovery option.
Distillation is another technique to separate mixtures.
Distillation is as old as the earth.
Distillation is both an art and a science.
Distillation is carried out in such a way as to avoid any cracking.
Distillation is considered the most advanced of water treatment techniques.
Distillation is considered very effective over time because it requires water to boil.
Distillation is generally is the most effective method of water treatment.
Distillation is natural processes.
Distillation is normally complete within two hours.
Distillation is notable for a number of accidents involving peroxidizable chemicals it has caused.
Distillation is one of the most effective types of demineralization.
Distillation is one of the oldest, most effective types of demineralization.
Distillation is only part of the process.
Distillation is separatings.
Distillation is slow and consumes considerable energy, and is therefore relatively expensive.
Distillation is the most common method.
Distillation is the most common process.
Distillation is the most effective method for removing minerals from water.
Distillation is the most effective method of water purification.
Distillation is the most widely used separation process in the chemical industry.
Distillation is the oldest and most common desalination process in use.
Distillation is the primary method used to separate.
Distillation is the process in which water is boiled, evaporated and the vapor condensed.
Distillation is the process in which water is boiled, evaporated and the vapour condensed.
Distillation is the process of boiling and cooling a liquid to purify it.
Distillation is the process used to make beverages with a higher alcohol content.
Distillation is the single most effective method of water purification.
Distillation is the technique used most frequently to purify liquids.
Distillation is therefore a process for the separation of substances according to their volatility.
Distillation means heating the water until it boils and turns into steam.
Distillation never stops until the last rose surrenders the precious oil.
Distillation occurs in old copper stills, while small oak barrels are used for aging the spirit.
Distillation occurs in two modes, continuous distillation and batch distillation .
Distillation produces clean water by evaporating the water from the input and condensing the steam.
Distillation provides most of the drinking water.
Distillation reduces heavy metals, but through the same process also removes beneficial minerals.
Distillation removes oxygen and some trace metals from water.
Distillation removes the debris, bacteria and other contaminants.
Distillation separates chemicals by the difference in how easily they vaporize.
Distillation separates out the ethanol so that it becomes more concentrated.
Distillation separates substances based on their volatility.
Distillation separates the alcohol in great part from the water.
Distillation shines as the most effective of all single-step water treatment processes.
Distillation takes four-eight hours.
Distillation uses steam to evaporate the essential oils from the plant.
Distillation works because lighter molecules are a little quicker to evaporate.
Distillation works best for purifying compounds that are liquids at room temperature.
More distillation yields higher grades.
Most distillation is multicomponent.
Most distillation occurs off-site and generally produces higher quality antifreeze than filtration.
Distilled books are like common distilled waters, flashy things.
Distilled liquors tend to wreak havoc on the liver when drunken in excess.
Distilled log is kept online and accessible.
Distilled oil is safe.
Distilled oils are sharp, bittersweet or powdery.
Distilled spirits are alcohol beverages that are first fermented and then distilled.
Distilled spirits are beverage alcohol products that are first fermented and then distilled.
Distilled spirits are ready to be consumed immediately.
Distilled spirits are usually best on their own.
Distilled vinegar is very often a malt vinegar.
Distilled vinegar keeps longer than cider vinegar.
Distilled water absorbs flavor from vegetables and spices for great tasting soups.
Distilled water acts as a solvent in the body.
Distilled water can corrode materials such as iron and copper in plumbing systems.
Distilled water can corrode some metals such as iron and copper.
Distilled water comes from the steam of municipal water that has been boiled.
Distilled water conducts no electricity because the ions have been removed from the water.
Distilled water contains no solids, minerals or trace elements, and has no taste.
Distilled water does conduct electricity.
Distilled water enters the body with no minerals but leaves the body with minerals.
Distilled water exposed to classical music takes delicate, symmetrical crystalline shapes.
Distilled water filtered through a post carbon filter is the purest water available.
Distilled water freezes.
Distilled water has a very flat, uninteresting taste.
Distilled water has no minerals to build up on appliances.
Distilled water has the longest shelf life.
Distilled water helps to clean out our cells, organs and fluids.
Distilled water is a conductor since it is pure.
Distilled water is a fair dielectric.
Distilled water is a fairly good insulator.
Distilled water is a great choice.
Distilled water is a insulator since it is pure.
Distilled water is a relatively poor conductor because it has very few ions.
Distilled water is actually tasteless.
Distilled water is added to achieve the correct consistancy.
Distilled water is added to bring digested samples to a standard volume.
Distilled water is also essential for chemical and pharmaceutical processing.
Distilled water is available in supermarkets and pharmacies.
Distilled water is basically condensation.
Distilled water is best for brewing the essiac formula.
Distilled water is best to drink.
Distilled water is best, even though there are no minerals in it.
Distilled water is best.
Distilled water is better.
Distilled water is boiled with sugar and black tea is added.
Distilled water is cheap.
Distilled water is clean and clear.
Distilled water is definitely better than chlorinated, fluoridated, bacteria-filled tap water.
Distilled water is devoid of micro-contaminates that are inherent in virtually are other sources.
Distilled water is drinkable water.
Distilled water is essentially dead and of little benefit to body, skin or eyes.
Distilled water is in reality steam that has condensed back into water.
Distilled water is just water, that's it.
Distilled water is liquids.
Distilled water is more mold resistant.
Distilled water is neither acidic nor basic.
Distilled water is ok.
Distilled water is optimal.
Distilled water is poured into another sample bottle at one of the test sites.
Distilled water is preferred over tap water because tap water often contains harmful chlorine.
Distilled water is preferred over tap water.
Distilled water is pure water.
Distilled water is purified water that has gone through a distillation process.
Distilled water is recommended as the water source to prevent scale deposits on the instruments.
Distilled water is recommended for dilution.
Distilled water is recommended over tap water to prevent hard water scaling.
Distilled water is recommended to prolong the life of the pump system.
Distilled water is recommended when mixing cleaners with water.
Distilled water is recommended.
Distilled water is removed from the storage container for household use.
Distilled water is stored in an external plastic container.
Distilled water is stressed to avoid contaminants and minerals therein.
Distilled water is tap water that had been boiled to steam.
Distilled water is the only water that can be taken into the body without damage to the tissues.
Distilled water is the purest form of water, the universal solvent.
Distilled water is the purest form of water.
Distilled water is the purest water available.
Distilled water is the purest water.
Distilled water is the purest.
Distilled water is the water of choice for drinking and cooking.
Distilled water is treated to remove the minerals found naturally in the water.
Distilled water is used for cleaning records and CDs for many reasons.
Distilled water is used in the lye mixture.
Distilled water is used to minimize water deposits in the steam chamber and the pressure chamber.
Distilled water is used to prevent mineral deposits on the instrument surfaces.
Distilled water is usually more expensive than other forms.
Distilled water is vaporized and recondensed, leaving it free of dissolved minerals.
Distilled water is very hypotonic because it contains no solutes.
Distilled water is water that was boiled to steam and recondensed to water.
Distilled water is water
Distilled water is water.
Distilled water leaches out the unusable inorganic limestone, rock residue, etc.
Distilled water removes poisonous substances and inorganic mineral matter from the human body.
Distilled wood gives a moderately heavy tar.
A distiller is a producer
Distiller can also read any disk file in any format and write any disk file in any format.
Distiller comes packaged as part of Acrobat Pro .
Distiller does a sophisticated job of compressing images.
Distiller is the most complete way to create a PDF file.
Distiller is used to make files which are postscript, a different file format.
Distiller keep asking for a name for saving the document.
Distiller provides a rather bizarre twist on the pathforall operator.
Distillers accumulate hard residues, primarily composed of calcium and magnesium.
Distillers actually increase the concentration of trace organic contaminants in the distillation.
Distillers also remove benefi- cial minerals and make water taste flat or bland.
Distillers are bands.
Distillers are manufacturers.
Distillers commonly add caramel coloring to their spirits to adjust the color.
Distillers demand equity when it comes to competing with beer and wine for alcohol consumers.
Distillers have small capacities and use considerable energy to process water.
Distillers purify the water by boiling it, to produce steam.
Distillers remove almost all of the impurities from water supplies.
Distillers remove bacteria, minerals, trace amounts of metals, many organic chemicals and nitrate.
Distillers sample daily for urethane in fresh distillate.
Distillers work with electricity and do build up heat.
All distillers go through the process of distillation.
All distillers use a live stream column still.
Many distillers also use barrels that once held sherry or wine.
Most distillers add concentrated caramel to provide a consistent colour.
Most distillers are mechanically simple.
Most distillers have one water reservoir.
A distillery is a plant
Distilleries are factories.
Distilleries are plants.
All distilleries have their tales and lore.
Many distilleries offer online stores .
Many distilleries produce their own amaretto.
Some distinct approaches introduce theories.
Distinct backwardness is evident in appropriate equipment for contemporary armies.
Distinct blocks overlay the image matrix starting in the upper-left corner, with no overlap.
Distinct bugs enable work to proceed in parallel.
Distinct calculations govern the invocation of each set of rules.
Distinct concepts are confused.
Distinct conidiophores are absent.
Any distinct culture is the embodiment of a worldview.
Distinct differences exist among discussion, debate, community, and commerce.
Distinct differences exist between age groups, and among color morphs, and races.
Distinct differences exist between the two pieces of equipment and their uses.
Many distinct disorders have been discovered, most have a genetic base.
Distinct domains mediate the early and late functions of the Drosophila ovarian tumor proteins.
Distinct emphases are on reading and writing.
Distinct emphasis is placed on conventional, printed books.
Distinct events can be setup by employers and their employer services providers.
Distinct factors bind to apparently homologous sequences in the immunoglobulin heavy chain enhancer.
Some distinct factors contribute to evolution.
Some distinct features relate to ecology.
Distinct flavoring is added from all natural ingredients.
Distinct foliation indicates that great pressures occurred within the earth.
Distinct fossils are known from the early and middle Pleistocene deposits in China and Sumatra.
Distinct genetic mechanisms contribute to evolution.
Distinct graphs have disjoint node and edge lists.
Distinct guidelines are necessary.
Distinct hosts are another important number.
Distinct individuals live in areas.
Most distinct individuals live in areas.
Distinct laminae are traceable between individual columns and domes.
Distinct letters stand for distinct colours.
Distinct mechanisms contribute to evolution.
Most distinct mechanisms contribute to evolution.
Distinct notations earmark special interests for kids, the handicapped, and pet owners.
Distinct regions specify the targeting of otefin to the nucleoplasmic side of the nuclear envelope.
Distinct ridges radiate from the micropilar area.
Distinct rows make weed control and roguing easier.
Every distinct shade is a separate screen, and a separate pass in the procedure.
Distinct smell attracts cows.
Most distinct smell attracts cows.
More distinct species tend to have more remote common ancestry.
Distinct states correspond to minima of a potential energy surface in a configuration space .
Distinct structures serve functions.
Distinct structures serve specific functions.
Most distinct structures serve functions.
Most distinct structures serve specific functions.
Some distinct subsections seen by some commentators are vv.
Distinct symbols represent distinct ranges of the scattering coefficient bsp.
Distinct syndromes occur.
Distinct tones allow differentiation between a participant's entry and exit.
Distinction can come from many areas - a product, customer service, integrity or quality.
Distinction has consequences.
Distinction has to be made between standard services and value added services.
Distinction is always something teams like to rise to.
Distinction is an effective tool for attracting people.
Distinction is awarded on the basis of performance in student teaching and academic achievement.
Distinction is awards.
Distinction is created and maintained in physical level by assigning distinct object identifiers.
Distinction is differences.
Distinction is discrimination
Distinction is drawn between a code of ethics and a code of conduct.
Distinction is made between a discovery deposition and one to perpetuate testimony.
Distinction is made between digestibility and availability.
Distinction is made between exclusive and inclusive.
Distinction is made between induced and autonomous prepayments.
Distinction is made between presentation for local and network operations and wire services.
Distinction is made between tree or woodland savanna, park savanna, shrub savanna and grass savanna.
Distinction is made on the parameters being passed in.
Distinction isa cognition.
Distinction isa knowledge.
Distinction sees days just before Passover more signif.
Distinctions allow something to take on different guises in different contexts.
Distinctions are also complicated when genre is considered.
Distinctions are important.
Distinctions are in order.
Distinctions are obvious between a large pine tree and a small, bushy alder.
Distinctions are permissible, though, if they can be justified on objective grounds.
Distinctions are transient and trivial.
Distinctions arise from the clinging needs of the ignorant.
Distinctions do arise in a couple of areas.
Distinctions exist at various levels.
Distinctions have to be made .
Distinctions mark differences in sex, generation, and collateral kinship distance.
Distinctions occur in language.
All distinctions are hard to maintain.
Any distinction based on the nature of the transaction is illogical and bad public policy.
Any distinction is arbitrary.
Every distinction influences future distinctions.
Most distinction has consequences.
Some distinction helps researchers.
Some distinction leads to confusion.
Some distinction makes biological senses.
Some distinction makes senses.
Some distinction provides assistance.
Some distinctions are clear.
Some distinctions are in order.
Some distinctions are that vital.
Distinctive architecture uses natural materials.
More distinctive breeds exist south and east of the Mediterranean.
Distinctive buoys mark the outer perimeter of the reserve.
Distinctive campus setting amidst five lakes offers four seasons of recreational activities.
Distinctive colleges create advantage through maverick behavior.
Distinctive colors can transform youthful ingenue into elegant glamour with a sweep of the brush.
Distinctive colors emerge that are a blend of purity, elegance and rich earth tones.
Distinctive colorations make it unique.
Some distinctive costumes consist of jackets.
Some distinctive costumes consist of silk jackets.
Distinctive criteria are the length of the loan period and the maximum of books borrowed.
Distinctive design covers the front lower motor mount to hide the rough look of the stock mount.
Distinctive difference is as important in the universe as it is in our bodies.
Distinctive disorders are less prevalent.
Distinctive fauna includes several varieties of monkeys.
A distinctive feature is a feature
Distinctive feature is the exterior dove house.
Distinctive features are a form of distinguishing one phoneme from another.
Distinctive features are a small stabiliser, long moment arm, short nose and very low weight.
Distinctive features are an alternative representation.
Distinctive Features are properties of the message.
Distinctive features are that the centers of flowers or animals' eyes are decorated with mirrors.
Distinctive features are the all brass frame and lack of a forestock.
Distinctive features are the large ears and the black-tipped tail.
Distinctive Features seem to have perceptual relevance.
Some distinctive features involve development.
Distinctive flowers are star-shaped arranged in umbels.
Distinctive form follows innovative function.
Distinctive locales become added characters.
Distinctive logos are also normally registrable.
Distinctive markings are the white underside, with four white feet and a white tail tip.
Distinctive names are usually very straightforward to search on.
Distinctive packaging is also available, with shipping to any point in the world.
Some distinctive patterns show flight.
Distinctive petals extend backward into long hollow spurs ending in nectar-filled knobs.
Distinctive position is active.
Distinctive properties demand distinctive marketing.
Distinctive rings spread further and further in towards the center of the potato during baking.
Some distinctive rings surround eyes.
Distinctive seedpods appear by winter.
Distinctive shades represent separate orders.
Distinctive shape includes greatly lengthened prothorax and front coxae.
Distinctive shops display works of art, hand-crafted items and exquisite jewelry.
Distinctive styles reassure operators and help avoid mistakes and delays.
Distinctive taste is barely in the first tier of breeding goals.
Distinctive tones identify each channel.
Distinctive tones mean positive listener identification of all functions.
Distinctive traits differentiate the communities of the northeast, northwest, and central regions.
Distinctive universities are well defined.
Distinctiveness is a difference
Distinctiveness refers to the extent to which people respond differently in different situations.
Distinguish features have evolutionary significance.
Distinguish features have significance.
Most distinguish features have evolutionary significance.
Most distinguish features have significance.
Distinguish thoroughfare capillaries versus true capillaries.
Distinguished alumni share the stage.
Distinguished artists are on both the resident and visiting faculty.
Distinguished civilians become honorary members of a crew or a unit.
Distinguished civilians become honorary members of the crew or the unit.
Many distinguished directors are also fans.
Distinguished faculty bring a wealth of experience and knowledge to the classroom setting.
Distinguished faculty present a wide array of topics and subjects.
Distinguished guests vii.
Distinguished names are the standard form of naming.
Distinguished nonuniformities occur both in the vertical and horizontal lithosphere.
Distinguished panelists discuss the medical research field.
Distinguished physicists manifest lifelong commitment to succeed.
Distinguished principals receive extra pay to mentor their colleagues.
Distinguished professorships are among the highest honors bestowed on members of the faculty.
Distinguished professorships are three-year appointments with an expectation for renewal.
Distinguished scholars debate the merits of such legislation.
Distinguished scholars visit campus throughout the year.
Distinguished scholars write on a variety of topics in religious studies.
Distinguished scientists discuss yesterday's breakthroughs and today's challenges.
Distinguished scientists move to major roles in research administration.
Distinguished scientists present their diverse research and groundbreaking discoveries.
Distinguished services covers most of the cities in Saudi Arabia.
Distinguished speakers deliver the commencement address.
Distinguished teachers exceed everyone's definition of exemplary teaching.
Distinguished teaching is recognized through student achievements, awards and innovations.
Distinguished teaching means different things in different fields.
A distinguishing characteristic is a feature
Many distinguishing characteristics exist between the two.
Many distinguishing characteristics exist when determining annual sow-thistle from perennial.
Most distinguishing feature is a side facing double entrance stair on the main facade.
Some distinguishing words differ in both spelling and pronunciation.
Distorted audio is very annoying.
Distorted bands cause poor peak shape above with many N's called.
Distorted beliefs are almost always counterproductive.
Distorted coverage can fan fear.
Distorted coverage can limit understanding.
Distorted facts are frighteningly effective.
Distorted growth is usually due to injury from lawn weed killers.
Distorted images are the result.
Distorted images can be either soft, sharp or folded in upon themselves.
Distorted information can be an instrument of pressure and a tool for manipulating public opinion.
Distorted mirrors enhance the experience for the children.
Distorted perceptions explain impaired judgment.
Distorted perceptions occur readily in the media.
Distorted specimens are difficult to measure and examine.
Distorted taste is addressed by modifying some foods and eliminating others.
Distorted vocals ride beneath discordant guitars.
Distortion illusions are ones which alter an image's size, shape, and length.
Distortion pedals are like opinions, everyone has a different one.
Distortion pedals generate distortion themselves.
Distortion problems ore real and can be calculated precisely.
Distortion also damages sound signals.
Distortion can also come by a difference in verbal and nonverbal communication.
Distortion can also occur.
Distortion can be a difficulty.
Distortion can be as little as a simple vertical shifting of apparent resistivity sounding curves.
Distortion can damage the speakers and overheat the amplifier.
Distortion can result when elements congenial to the philosophy are overemphasized.
Distortion causes straight lines to appear curved at the edge of the field.
Distortion does, however, increase toward the margins of the photos.
Distortion goes from classic to brutal, while remaining articulate.
Distortion happens in perception, memory, and applying double standards.
Distortion implies an altered internal stretch within each attached crossbridge.
Distortion increases away from tangency.
Distortion increases outward from the center point.
Distortion increases the higher harmonics present in a sound.
Distortion increases with distance from the central meridian.
Distortion increases with distance from the focal region near the centre of the picture.
Distortion increases with distance from the standard parallels.
Distortion increases with increasing distance from the standard point or lines.
Distortion is .wav or .aiff files.
Distortion is a bit weak and tinny.
Distortion is a defect in a lens where images of straight lines appear curved.
Distortion is a little more difficult.
Distortion is almost entirely due to the core material.
Distortion is also minimal when compared with other heat treating methods such as carburizing.
Distortion is also visible as the ends of the chip are considerably off-axis.
Distortion is always wrong in the search for truth.
Distortion is an illusion that appears as if it is changing size or shape off in the distance.
Distortion is apparent near the top and bottom of the map.
Distortion is both growth and shrinkage of parts.
Distortion is brutal.
Distortion is caused by unequal tightening of cylinder head bolts.
Distortion is comparable to the orthoscopic.
Distortion is constant along any given parallel.
Distortion is corrected by spot heating on the convex side.
Distortion is damage
Distortion is damage.
Distortion is extremely common in cheap sunglasses.
Distortion is falsification.
Distortion is key to getting a heavy metal sound.
Distortion is lower.
Distortion is manifested in terms of area.
Distortion is measured as the greatest deviation from the long axis.
Distortion is minimized nearest to the standard line.
Distortion is minimized.
Distortion is mistakes.
Distortion is nice at any setting.
Distortion is observed in both collector and base spectra.
Distortion is parallel to the stan dard small circles.
Distortion is parallel to the standard lines.
Distortion is part of the human psyche.
Distortion is present on one or more outputs or the audio is muting intermittently.
Distortion is probably the most complicated and least understood of all power disturbances.
Distortion is simply a fondness for another world.
Distortion is switchable.
Distortion is the amount the image shifts closer or further from the optical axis.
Distortion is the enemy of the perfect audio system.
Distortion is VERY good and amp sim is VERY good.
Distortion is virtually nil in the three well known brands.
Distortion is where parts of the image are magnified more or less than others.
Distortion is, by definition, a deviation from the normal shape.
Distortion makes all speculation.
Distortion measures a system's linearity - or nonlinearity.
Distortion occurs as the distance between the lens and the subject changes.
Distortion occurs when the cochlea changes the sound in some way.
Distortion sounds best before an all-tube amp pushing a real guitar speaker.
Distortion sounds like a a bee.
Distortion starts bouncing off the walls.
Distortion typically is greatest near the edges of photos.
Distortions are best when used carefully, a little goes a long way.
Distortions are clearly noticeable.
Distortions are commonplace.
Distortions are extreme at the edges of the map.
Distortions are mainly near the poles.
Distortions are the noisiest.
Distortions are thus inevitable.
Distortions are very common in fingerprint images due to elasticity of the skin.
Distortions are very, very highly configurable, mostly because of the excellent two equalizers.
Distortions are visible at the extreme end though within normal margins.
Distortions arise from arbitrary categorizations of services.
Distortions can also result when the bitmap is re-sized.
Distortions can be just as devastating.
Distortions can easily render time code useless, particularly with marginal readers.
Distortions can occur in both directions.
Distortions refer to uneven aggregate embedment leading to a washboard surface.
Distortions vary per map projection.
Distortions work better when negatives have currency in making a choice.
Distortion usually happens because of the way the screen is made.
ANY distortion is undesirable.
Any distortions introduced into the communications path degrade overall signal quality.
Every distortion has in it a germ of truth.
Many distortions are due to an attachment to organizational survival .
Some distortion is associated as well.
Some distortion is caused by the fact that all cables have capacitance and inductance.
Some distortion is inevitable.
Some distortion remains, especially in the louder passages.
Some distortions are deliberate.
Some distortions are frightening.
Distracted drivers using cell phones are fatal accidents looking for places to happen.
Distracted people make lousy parents.
Distracted sensations disharmonize the thoughts.
A distraction is confusion
Distraction also affects pain tolerance.
Distraction attenuates defensive processing of health-risk messages.
Distraction attenuates defensive processing of risk messages.
Distraction can also play a role.
Distraction can also result from excessive application of traction to the neck following trauma.
Distraction can be a powerful way of temporarily relieving even the most intense pain.
Distraction can be deadly.
Distraction can be extremely helpful.
Distraction can have powerful effects.
Distraction can reduce the baby's attention to painful sensations.
Distraction comes from multiple sources, and it can be merely a nuisance or cause the loss of life.
Distraction does help pain.
Distraction draws the missile into chasing after decoys away from the target.
Distraction has to do with a deficit in a relationship.
Distraction hinders congregational worship, and good, smooth flowing music facilitates it.
Distraction is a cognitive strategy.
Distraction is a good way to keep a child's mind from pain.
Distraction is a good way to keep from getting into a depression-funk as well.
Distraction is a major issue facing drivers as more and more electronic devices enter our vehicles.
Distraction is a problem, perhaps like never before.
Distraction is a simple thing that can have powerful effects.
Distraction is a spiritual problem born of a life of busyness.
Distraction is a very successful tool to alleviate fears.
Distraction is among the biggest culprits, officials say.
Distraction is another good strategy.
Distraction is another option.
Distraction is another positive option.
Distraction is catnip for smart people.
Distraction is defined as focusing attention on something other than the pain.
Distraction is especially important for helping toddlers avoid trouble.
Distraction is fine to a point.
Distraction is helpful with young children.
Distraction is key.
Distraction is less invasive, and the results are more stable and longer-lasting.
Distraction is one factor.
Distraction is the division of the attention among several interests and is the foe of all learning.
Distraction is the key to harmonious relationships with a trichster.
Distraction is the puzzler's enemy.
Distraction is the scourge of prayer.
Distraction is the tabloidization of the mass mainstream media.
Distraction is tried.
Distraction is very important, especially in the beginning.
Distraction is what causes misses.
Distraction keeps our heads turned in the direction of momentary pleasures, excitement, and delight.
Distraction leads to illusion.
Distraction plays an important role in soothing aches and pains.
Distraction replaces concentration.
Distractions abound at a marina.
Distractions appear to be insignificant.
Distractions are a fact of life for the working writer.
Distractions are a given.
Distractions are a mainstay of professional criminals, too.
Distractions are a prime tactic.
Distractions are abundant.
Distractions are also key to preventing cagemate conflicts .
Distractions are always welcome.
Distractions are an effortless way to avoid cigarettes.
Distractions are another problem.
Distractions are at a minimum.
Distractions are confusion.
Distractions are everywhere. .
Distractions are everywhere.
Distractions are good.
Distractions are inattention.
Distractions are incessant.
Distractions are inevitable.
Distractions are legion.
Distractions are like sandpaper.
Distractions are limited to the women combing each other's hair.
Distractions are minimal, making it a prime location for a focused and unique learning experience.
Distractions are never a problem.
Distractions are plentiful.
Distractions are productive.
Distractions are revisions.
Distractions are so easy to come by, and often the freedom goes to our heads at first.
Distractions are the primary barriers to school success.
Distractions can cause problems at high speeds.
Distractions can come from noise, temperature, lighting, hunger, etc.
Distractions can include telephones or areas with high foot traffic.
Distractions can lead to loss of concentration and falls.
Distractions can often carry useful information or opportunities.
Distractions can take attention away from the job, and result in injury to the worker.
Distractions cause accidents.
Distractions come in many forms.
Distractions diminish ability to concentrate and think clearly.
Distractions eat into valuable study time.
Distractions help to hold the child s interest.
Distractions increase, but the change in atmosphere keeps most alert and encourages creativity.
Distractions intrude on prayer time.
Distractions is based in Europe.
Distractions is distributed free of charge to undergrad as well as graduate students.
Distractions is the leading provider of incentive-based live mobile entertainment.
Distractions lead to diluted results.
Distractions lead to mistakes, and mistakes lead to hostility.
Distractions make paying attention to the music difficult or impossible.
Distractions pose problems for many Keeshonden.
Distractions range from bills to newspapers to unfinished projects.
Distractions seem to flood our lives at the most inopportune times.
Distractions turn into background noise instead of stressors.
Distractions often make it difficult for some students to concentrate and learn.
Any distraction can cause mistakes, reruns or even cause an accident.
Any distraction can inadvertently result in a tragedy.
Any distractions are unwelcome.
Many distractions come as opportunities that are hard to resist.
Some distraction always creeps in.
Some distractions are bad ones.
Some distractions are good distractions .
Some distractions are more formidable.
Some distractions require props.
Distractive behaviors are inappropriate.
A distraint is a seizure
Distraint is a special remedy only available to creditors who are the landlords of real property.
Distraught parents can unwittingly transmit additional tension to their baby.
A distress call is a signal
Distress calls are everywhere.
Distress calls come in and suddenly blink off.
Distress rockets soar into the sky but there is no one to answer their signal.
A distress signal is a signal
Distress signal is received and answered.
Distress signals are distress.
Distress signals are signals.
All distress signals have distinct advantages and disadvantages.
Distress affects people in a negative often harmful manner.
Distress also has the potential to affect health.
Distress becomes more apparent during nursing, and crias commonly gasp as milk is inhaled.
Distress calls in the acorn woodpecker.
Distress escalates in the face of a malpractice suit.
Distress happens when a manager's bodies over-react to events.
Distress is a very important stress for managers to avoid with time management.
Distress is adversity.
Distress is always an object of compassion.
Distress is an adverse condition resulting from an unrelieved stressor.
Distress is bred in social isolation and from the ensuing sense of alienation from others.
Distress is caused by many factors and even allows animals to adapt to their environment.
Distress is defined as a maladaptive response to a stressor.
Distress is dysfunctional for both individuals and organizations.
Distress is negative stress associated with losing, failing or being overworked.
Distress is pain
Distress is pain.
Distress is seizures.
Distress is set in a world where biotech rules supreme, for good and for ill.
Distress is stress caused by an event in one' s life.
Distress is the bad stuff.
Distress is the next stage of a classic crisis.
Distress is the stress that makes one upset or even sick.
Distress is too great or too little arousal which is harmful to body or mind.
Distress isa feeling.
Distress leads to disease.
Distress manifests itself in many different ways.
Distress means a pathologically enhanced sympathetic activity.
Distress means that the soil is in a condition where a cave-in is imminent or is likely to occur.
Distress occurs when an employee experiences too much or too little stress.
Distress occurs when stress becomes difficult to manage in our lives.
Distress only has harmful effects.
Distress refers to the reactions when the demand is perceived as a problem or threat.
Distress screams as a measure of kinship in birds.
Distress typically continues even after the initial shock of diagnosis has passed.
Distress often interferes with sleep, putting further stress on the person's nervous system.
Much distress is self-generated through procrastination.
Distressed areas can be very complicated.
Distressed areas qualify for up to eighty percent funding.
Distressed areas receive priority assistance from the department.
Distressed companies can exit the scene in several ways.
Distressed counties lack manufacturing jobs.
Distressed couples are more likely to be unaware that they misunderstand each other.
Distressed couples spend more time fighting and about more things than happy couples.
Distressed denim is now the stylish option.
Distressed directories are available for realestate bankruptcy and repose.
Distressed librarians lock themselves in book drops.
Distressed parents can call and receive referrals for their children.
Distressed pine blends well with primitive furniture, is long-lasting and durable.
Distressed spouses are also more susceptible to physical health problems.
Distribute evaluation questionnaires to the on-site audience.
Distribute meeting agendas as part of the meeting proposal.
Distribute memory demands across machines, allowing larger simulations than possible otherwise.
Distribute mozzarella slices over the tomato sauce and season with salt and pepper.
Distribute press releases about Internet activities.
Distribute world maps outlining tropical rainforests.
Distributed centers enable many organizations to stay at the forefront of technology.
Distributed control is used to manage packet switching networks.
Distributed coordination is difficult to disrupt and degrades gracefully as agents are compromised.
Distributed deadlocks can occur which are costly to detect and resolve.
Distributed energy faces a complex web of regulatory, statutory, and practical barriers, however.
Distributed firewalls are one of the more intriguing offerings.
Distributed firewalls can plug the gaps.
Distributed firewalls provide central policy definition and security monitoring.
Distributed information is accessed by using reusable NL systems.
Distributed laboratories are as follows.
Distributed leadership is like the Japanese idea of a horizontal fast track.
Distributed librarianship takes several forms.
Distributed memory is no longer a hindrance to success in the commercial marketplace.
Distributed memory is the implementation where more speed up can be achieved.
Distributed mode is best for a large-scale deployment.
Distributed networks have a remarkable ability to be slightly out of anyone's control.
Distributed networks look familiar to any student of political history.
Distributed networks use less complex hardware and a simplified writing scheme.
Distributed objects are a small subset of mailbox objects.
Distributed objects are persistent by default.
Distributed objects are the next wave in Internet innovation.
Distributed registration using DNS is for further study.
Distributed simulations allows users in remote locations to participate in the same environment.
Distributed support combines features of the centralized and decentralized models.
Distributed wealth can only come from wealth to distribute.
A distributer is a supplier
Distributers compete against other distributers servicing the same regions.
Distribution agreement is a contract
More distribution agreements are pending.
Distribution amplifiers are available in many configurations.
Distribution centers are important in any industry.
Distribution centers are, at the factory in Indiana, Ohio and New Jersey.
Distribution centers can have no retail sales to the general public.
Many distribution centers have islands of automation.
Some distribution centers surround areas.
A distribution channel is a marketing
Distribution channels are key to pricing and packaging decisions.
Distribution channels are marketing.
Distribution channels are worldwide with the catalog printed in eight languages.
Distribution channels can be a hidden asset.
All distribution channels are potentially viable.
Some distribution channels cost less to than others.
Distribution companies are the local utilities that deliver natural gas to the customer.
Distribution companies can strike a deal with the generators and get a good price.
Distribution companies offer exposure to more artists' materials to interns than labels do.
Distribution Deals See who's picked up what products.
More distribution deals are in works.
Distribution fees cover marketing and advertising expenses.
Every distribution function has a cumulative distribution function.
Distribution lines are at lower voltages than transmission lines.
Distribution lines are the smaller ones that run down our streets and into our homes.
Distribution lines can run overhead or underground.
Distribution lines carry small amounts of electricity from the substations to houses and businesses.
A distribution list is a list
Distribution lists are also a useful tool.
Distribution lists are lists.
Distribution lists are useful for sending the same message to more than one person at one time.
Distribution lists can also use existing distribution lists.
Distribution lists can be either personal or available to groups.
Distribution lists can easily be setup to send emails to small groups of users.
Distribution lists can make e-mail communication easier for both individuals and entire departments.
Distribution lists can work like electronic newsletters.
Distribution lists send out activist news and announcements.
Distribution lists send periodic electronic mail information from the list editor.
All distribution lists are inaccurate.
Distribution maps focus on the spatial variation of features, data, or themes.
Distribution maps have a dot at each site where a particular species is seen.
Distribution maps help identify possible multi-agency cooperators for weed management projects.
Distribution maps record the approximate historical distribution of the animals.
Distribution maps show range of each species in Florida and the United States.
Distribution maps show the known localities of each species within the state.
Distribution maps show where the orchids grow.
Distribution maps show where the trees can be found elsewhere in South Africa.
Distribution networks are divided into two types, radial or network.
Distribution of wealth is extremely uneven.
Distribution requirements ensure breadth of studies beyond limits of the academic major.
Distribution rules depend on several factors.
Distribution rules install and update files on client workstations.
Distribution substations serve a critical linking and switching function on our system.
Distribution time decreases as tissues equilibrate with plasma and become saturated.
Distribution transformers reduce the voltage to the levels needed by most users.
Distribution accentuates the existing problems.
Distribution accounts for effects.
Distribution affects availability.
Distribution also comes into play.
Distribution also contains several useful examples for quick start.
Distribution also includes chapter veterans chairs and agency administrators.
Distribution also includes cost for storage and inventory.
Distribution also is held up because ostrich is still more expensive than other meats.
Distribution also settles claims for damaged and defective goods returned by stores.
Distribution bases on climate change predictions.
Distribution bases on predictions.
Distribution becomes crucial to maintaining stability.
Distribution becomes more significant with the increase demand and acceptability of product.
Distribution can be a logistical nightmare for foreign companies in Japan.
Distribution can be a problem for established companies.
Distribution can be costly because of order fulfilment labor and shipping costs.
Distribution can be fully available within seconds of typing in a few text characters.
Distribution can be home delivery, newsstand, or both.
Distribution can be on a national or regional basis.
Distribution can be on floppy disks if requested.
Distribution can be optional.
Distribution can make or break a manufacturer.
Distribution can reflect several things.
Distribution can still have a lot to do with the challenge of solving a hand.
Distribution can support the exploration of more of the space of possibility.
Distribution can take place in several ways, depending on the developer's wishes.
Distribution connects the individual buildings to the backbone.
Distribution constitutes the largest problem in alternative publication now, as it has for decades.
Distribution contains the precompiled binary for the appplication, along with some example files.
Distribution continues to expand.
Distribution continues to play an increasingly important role within the chemical industry.
Distribution costs tables are also provided.
Distribution covers the above map.
Distribution demands a variety of capabilities.
Distribution depends largely on the underlying disease.
Distribution depends on availability.
Distribution depends on factors.
Distribution depends on several factors.
Distribution depends on the oceanic currents.
Distribution depends on the subject matter.
Distribution determines broad patterns.
Distribution determines climate patterns.
Distribution determines patterns.
Distribution does pay well.
Distribution drops, but it is still well used.
Distribution enables users at remote sites to collaborate on design tasks.
Distribution excludes nonresident aliens.
Distribution Explain the nature and scope of distribution.
Distribution follows a definite pattern over the body regardless of coat type.
Distribution Get anywhere from here.
Distribution Get the finished film onto the screen.
Distribution Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Distribution happens through a complex geographical zone bidding and contracting system.
Distribution has explanations.
Distribution has importance.
Distribution has parameters.
Distribution has patterns.
Distribution has to be agreed upon by the partners in advance.
Distribution here refers to wholesaling between the manufacturer and the dealer.
Distribution How does software acquisition occur.
Distribution implies abundance measurements in up to three dimensions and through time.
Distribution includes a Japanese grammar and some sample Japanese data.
Distribution includes diocesan priests, school principals, staff and pupils.
Distribution includes full source, documentation and support files, but no pre-compiled binaries.
Distribution includes libraries, bookstores and newsstands.
Distribution includes source and support files.
Distribution includes source code, runtime versions, and example output files.
Distribution includes source, makefile, and man page.
Distribution includes students, staff and faculty.
Distribution includes the entire process of moving the product from the factory to the end user.
Distribution includes the state legislature.
Distribution influences patterns.
Distribution involves both 's and v's in the same statement.
Distribution involves the use of large pipes known as water mains for transporting water.
Distribution involves transporting, storage, issue, disposal and reuse.
Distribution is a big deal.
Distribution is a combination of 'controlled' and by subscription.
Distribution is a critical link in getting medications to patients.
Distribution is a global enterprise and most former denizens of the deep arrive by air.
Distribution is a key component.
Distribution is a major headache for all alternative media.
Distribution is a major problem as there are few roads and many villages are inaccessible.
Distribution is a necessary concomitant of division of labour.
Distribution is a primary goal.
Distribution is a prime example.
Distribution is a service.
Distribution is a solved problem.
Distribution is a tar.gz pack.
Distribution is a very complicated issue.
Distribution is Ac.
Distribution is accomplished through a worldwide dealer network.
Distribution is accomplished through Soaring and other outlets.
Distribution is achieved through node assignment to sub-procedures.
Distribution is acts.
Distribution is affected by environmental factors including climate, soils, and topography.
Distribution is aimed at local, regional, national or, often, an international audiences.
Distribution is also a problem.
Distribution is also extremely limited.
Distribution is also nearly free, for pure information has no physicality.
Distribution is an essential part of or business.
Distribution is an oft-overlooked but vital part of any publishing endeavor.
Distribution is an organization
Distribution is another factor that sets UP apart from competitors.
Distribution is approved on a case by case bases.
Distribution is arrangements.
Distribution is associated with high humidity and mild mean winter temperatures.
Distribution is at irregular intervals.
Distribution is at least as important.
Distribution is authorized by brand.
Distribution is authorized to other BIG members.
Distribution is available in English only.
Distribution is available through the world wide web, unless otherwise requested.
Distribution is based on average daily attendance figures.
Distribution is based on forecast pay.
Distribution is based on needs stated in campus technology plans.
Distribution is based on the same qualifications as government student loans.
Distribution is beneficial in large applications, and in educational and recreational use.
Distribution is by CD-ROM or slides, by postage or courier according to preferences.
Distribution is by email.
Distribution is by first class mail to prepaid subscribers.
Distribution is by mail to subscribers, business outlets, tourists and information centers.
Distribution is by policy and procedure of the issuing headquarters.
Distribution is by surface mail.
Distribution is caused by fungi.
Distribution is caused by microscopic fungi.
Distribution is cheap now.
Distribution is commerce.
Distribution is correlated with low precipitation levels, especially in winter and spring.
Distribution is cosmopolitan .
Distribution is cosmopolitan.
Distribution is cost-free, however quantities are limited.
Distribution is currently limited but growing.
Distribution is customer service.
Distribution is dealt with orthogonally to system structuring.
Distribution is defined as handing out literature on a particular topic.
Distribution is defined as the reversible transfer of a drug between one compartment to another.
Distribution is described in terms of the range, altitudinal preferences, and ranges of subspecies.
Distribution is described, and maps are given to illustrate current ranges.
Distribution is direct by manufacturers, importers or wholesalers.
Distribution is discussed in depth, including shipping options both to and within Morocco.
Distribution is done by mail order to all subscribers and through leading book shops.
Distribution is done by mail order to subscriptions and through golf clubs and leading bookshops.
Distribution is done by tape, air, and computer networks.
Distribution is done on a library package basis.
Distribution is done through local partner ministries and churches.
Distribution is done using what is known as a package definition .
Distribution is done via a network of community distributors.
Distribution is E-Ks eastward.
Distribution is encouraged as long as proper credit is given.
Distribution is encouraged so long as authorship is acknowledged.
Distribution is encouraged, provided the developers are notified via email , fax, or regular mail.
Distribution is encouraged.
Distribution is especially uneven over the continents because of mountain ranges.
Distribution is every thirty days based upon budget.
Distribution is everything from cable to telecoms to satellite to cellular or wireless technology.
Distribution is everything in the publishing business.
Distribution is everything.
Distribution is examined by means of a case study of the turbulent world of electronic publishing.
Distribution is extremely sporadic.
Distribution is fairly even across the continent.
Distribution is fast and simple.
Distribution is fast and worldwide.
Distribution is free for the Spanish scientists.
Distribution is free of charge.
Distribution is free to the receiver.
Distribution is free.
Distribution is geared for the southeastern United States.
Distribution is general over the state.
Distribution is guaranteed by a signed contract with each school district.
Distribution is handled across Canada and the United States by local distributors.
Distribution is handled by agencies that have agreements with the food bank.
Distribution is handled by fax, mail or a news wire service.
Distribution is handled by ten contract delivery people.
Distribution is heavily focused in eastern Florida.
Distribution is highly fragmented throughout Greece.
Distribution is hit and miss, or non-existent .
Distribution is imminent.
Distribution is implicit in the execution model.
Distribution is important when sending new applications to the field.
Distribution is in binary form.
Distribution is in electronic format only.
Distribution is in one gps gps distribution system The all in one is gps watsys.
Distribution is in one gps.
Distribution is in Paxton and surrounding areas.
Distribution is in progress.
Distribution is in the form of a source code build package or precompiled binary suites.
Distribution is in the form of self-extracting file.
Distribution is indicated on the form.
Distribution is internal.
Distribution is international and access to goods and services is governed by money and markets.
Distribution is irregular and is greatest in or around roots of susceptible plants.
Distribution is key.
Distribution is like the lifeline for a creator.
Distribution is limited mainly because a specially trained plumber is needed to install the device.
Distribution is limited mostly to areas with warm, wet tropical climates.
Distribution is limited to government agencies and approved contractors.
Distribution is limited to members in good standing, only.
Distribution is limited to special education parent leaders.
Distribution is limited to subscriber households in Norfolk.
Distribution is limited to subscriber households in Portsmouth.
Distribution is limited to subscriber households in Virginia Beach.
Distribution is limited.
Distribution is made per stirpes .
Distribution is made prior to the general membership meeting.
Distribution is made through boxes which are provided for all students.
Distribution is made to individual mail boxes.
Distribution is made to other individuals upon request.
Distribution is made via the mail room.
Distribution is made, based on historical landings by each group.
Distribution is monthly based on expenditures of external funds.
Distribution is more difficult for newspapers than for other types of media.
Distribution is more than just shipping materials.
Distribution is nationwide.
Distribution is no longer a support function.
Distribution is now available on ibiblio.
Distribution is now available through the world wide web, unless otherwise requested.
Distribution is now in the thousands.
Distribution is now our sole concern, getting the yield parcelled without riot worldwide.
Distribution is often the key to success.
Distribution is often truncal, in contrast to the more acral rash of Rocky Mountain spotted fever.
Distribution is on a first-come, . . .
Distribution is on an international basis in pails, drums, totes and bulk shipments.
Distribution is one of the greatest problems poets face in finding an audience.
Distribution is one of the key battlegrounds in the life, pensions and retail investment industries.
Distribution is only one facet of publishing.
Distribution is overseen by a probate court.
Distribution is pantropical .
Distribution is pantropical.
Distribution is part of marketing.
Distribution is pending receipt of CD production equipment.
Distribution is planned between five and eight days before the first of the month of publication.
Distribution is planned for late winter.
Distribution is planned through financial-service partners.
Distribution is primarily through brokers and independent agents.
Distribution is primarily through electronic download .
Distribution is primarily through local churches and groups in the Pacific Islands.
Distribution is quick and easy.
Distribution is rapid, and the volume of distribution is small.
Distribution is recorded in terms of country names.
Distribution is regulated by a government postal system.
Distribution is regulated by state agencies.
Distribution is reported by percentage of matches contested using each gripping strategy.
Distribution is restricted and tests are administered at specified licensed test centers.
Distribution is restricted because a better format is available.
Distribution is restricted to DoD and .mil sites.
Distribution is revolutionized.
Distribution is scarce.
Distribution is scheduled monthly and is by subscription.
Distribution is selective until consumers show acceptance of the product.
Distribution is self service.
Distribution is similar when the dose is given intravenously or via the oral route.
Distribution is simply the mode of transfer.
Distribution is simply too widespread.
Distribution is simply what the city does best.
Distribution is solely for informational purposes.
Distribution is spacing.
Distribution is specified on the first page of each transmittal notice.
Distribution is still key and king.
Distribution is strictly via Internet so there are no material or shipping costs.
Distribution is subject to prior approval by the author.
Distribution is subject to prior approval by the authors.
Distribution is swift.
Distribution is symmetric, and small joints are predominantly involved.
Distribution is taxed in the year received as ordinary income.
Distribution is the delivery of purchased power to the consumer.
Distribution is the final stage.
Distribution is the key.
Distribution is the leading UK magazine for logistics and supply chain professionals.
Distribution is the main advantage that portals provide.
Distribution is the primary value of such a partner.
Distribution is the problem.
Distribution is the process of getting a record into the record store.
Distribution is the process of getting the program to the audience.
Distribution is the same as for the victor.
Distribution is the solution.
Distribution is the temporary placement of alcohol into body tissue.
Distribution is the term used to indicate how much of a given area is lighted or illuminated.
Distribution is the weak link here, especially in the inland provinces.
Distribution is the weakest sector of the UK film industry.
Distribution is through a retail center at the museum as well as school and outreach programs.
Distribution is through local churches.
Distribution is through specialised stores such as perfumeries and drugstores.
Distribution is through specialty producers on an exclusive basis.
Distribution is tied to water, suggesting that water is perhaps the most important limiting factor.
Distribution is to a select audience of electronic commerce solutions seekers.
Distribution is to be limited to target group members only .
Distribution is to be made before the closing of the school year.
Distribution is to Wright State alumni, faculty, staff, and friends of the university.
Distribution is tough stuff.
Distribution is transparent and requires no user intervention and minimal IT event management.
Distribution is typically discontinuous along the gastointestinal axis.
Distribution is ultimately a game of maximizing economy of scale.
Distribution is under enforcement here.
Distribution is unlimited under the condition that due credit is given and no fee is charged.
Distribution is unlimited.
Distribution is Unlimited.
Distribution is unspecified in the model, but taken as given externally.
Distribution is useful.
Distribution is usually very skewed.
Distribution is very unimportant relative to usage.
Distribution is via campus mail.
Distribution is via conduit.
Distribution is via local industrial or cutting tool distributers.
Distribution is via mail subscriptions and local newsstands.
Distribution is via the services of Yahoo Groups.
Distribution is what matters most for the house labels.
Distribution is where the money is.
Distribution is wide ranging and includes the greater Pullman and Moscow regions.
Distribution is wide, but the family is absent from New Zealand.
Distribution is widespread but mainly tropical and subtropical.
Distribution is widespread, from multiples to corner shops and garage forecourts.
Distribution is world-wide but primarily tropical.
Distribution is world-wide, but the moths are absent from New Zealand.
Distribution is worldwide, primarily in North America and Africa.
Distribution is world-wide, they are absent only from deserts and a few isolated islands.
Distribution is worldwide, wherever small grain cereals are grown.
Distribution is worldwide.
Distribution is yet another area where error can infiltrate the drug to consumer process.
Distribution is, at best, minimal.
Distribution isa cognition.
Distribution isa knowledge.
Distribution leads to interest, interest leads to financing.
Distribution lists A distribution list is for dissemination of information by the list organiser.
Distribution Look up the following firms on the Internet.
Distribution makes more senses.
Distribution makes senses.
Distribution means any withdrawal excluding payments for operating expenses.
Distribution means everything.
Distribution means getting the service in the hands of the client.
Distribution needs to happen as soon as possible.
Distribution now shows where within a tomb or other site the manuscripts have been found.
Distribution occurs as a background process.
Distribution occurs as soon as the infusion has started and goes on during all the infusion period.
Distribution occurs both by modern and by traditional systems.
Distribution occurs through the use of multicasting technology.
Distribution Occurs throughout most of the tropical areas of the world.
Distribution Occurs throughout southern Britain, most of Europe and north Africa.
Distribution occurs transparently to the object.
Distribution offers another advantage for authors.
Distribution offers full market coverage.
Distribution operates on different principles too.
Distribution Piping plovers inhabit shorelines of lakes, rivers and oceans.
Distribution plays a key roll in the sales of the products.
Distribution provides information.
Distribution provides possibility.
Distribution puts the transmitted power into use at the consumer level.
Distribution reduces cost.
Distribution refers to geographical distributeions.
Distribution refers to the act of making a component known to other components.
Distribution refers to the compiled source code, usually bundled with a few extras or modifications.
Distribution refers to the dynamic movement and temporary storage of a chemical within the body.
Distribution refers to where organisms are found.
Distribution reflects temporal variation.
Distribution reflects variation.
Distribution requires permission.
Distribution Roadsides and disturbed fields.
Distribution See above.
Distribution seems photorelated except for face, which is affected later than the limbs.
Distribution shows differences.
Distribution shows growth.
Distribution Shows how many people gave a specific numerical rating for an item or category.
Distribution starts .
Distribution takes place at many locations on campus.
Distribution takes place only for aims of scholarly research.
Distribution targets women.
Distribution tends to be hard at both light and heavyweight classes.
Distribution varies according to species.
Distribution varies based on age, sex and season.
Distribution varies from country to country.
Distribution varies with each subsequent draft prepared.
Distributions are allowable in the event of certain approved hardship situations.
Distributions are essential to the future of Linux.
Distributions are free of Federal income tax.
Distributions are generally subject to ordinary income tax in the year they are received.
Distributions are income-tax free to holders and heirs if they follow the rules.
Distributions are local to an area.
Distributions are nearly identical for both phone types.
Distributions are never mandatory.
Distributions are now underway.
Distributions are on a first come first served basis.
Distributions are ongoing in all drought-affected areas.
Distributions are only the start of it.
Distributions are paid on the pay date.
Distributions are responsible for packaging.
Distributions are subject to ordinary income taxes.
Distributions are tax events for the portfolio as a whole.
Distributions are tax free if made for a qualified purpose and satisfy the five-year holding rule.
Distributions are taxable to the extent of earnings and profits.
Distributions are taxable to the extent they exceed a unitholder's tax basis in the investment.
Distributions are taxable.
Distributions are tax-exempt if used for qualified education expenses.
Distributions are tax-free at withdrawal.
Distributions are tax-free except to the extent they exceed education expenses in that tax year.
Distributions are typically nontaxable.
Distributions are very good at integrating software and making sure everything works together.
Distributions are very high as a proportion of revenue.
Distributions can also reflect the presence of uncertainty in the data.
Distributions can be either a specific amount or a percentage of the estate.
Distributions can be long, complicated.
Distributions can be lump sum or periodic payments.
Distributions can come in many forms, but alimony is the most common.
Distributions can qualify for favorable tax treatment, such as rollover, forward averaging.
Distributions come from the corpus of the donor's gift.
Distributions contain file grouping or SSPs.
Distributions create a tax liability for the owners of the fund shares.
Distributions differ greatly in the features they include and their prices.
Distributions explored include the t, f, and chi-square.
Distributions generally support many types of machines.
Distributions have many uses in science and statistics.
Distributions indicate whether a species is considered native or introduced in the county.
Distributions represent a portion of return to participants.
Distributions typically arrive during the fourth quarter.
Distribution usually begins one month after transfer.
Distribution usually includes a combination of the following.
Distribution usually occurs when the annuitant is retired and in a lower tax bracket.
All distribution is done by the respective dairies along with their other dairy products.
All distribution is paperless and electronic.
All distribution lists that a specified user is a member of.
All distribution points access the same ticketing system and inventory.
All distributions also maintain web or ftp sites where updates are stored.
All distributions are confidential.
All distributions are interest income to unitholders.
All distributions come with a working kernel.
All distributions come with all of the source code.
All distributions have access to all others by mounting each others partitions.
All distributions have the same Envelope-program inside.
All distributions have their own agenda's and purposes.
Any distribution is held in cash until the next exchange to make the paperwork simple.
Every distribution has a median.
Every distribution is free to package balsa.
Every distribution seems to have a different boot-up method.
Many distributions are non-normal.
Many distributions come configured with all sorts of services configured and automatically started.
Many distributions come with accounts with no password.
Many distributions enable it by default.
Many distributions have a graphical tool for choosing which daemons run.
Many distributions run on proprietary hardware and are targeted at large businesses.
Many distributions start some well known services by default.
Most distribution affects availability.
Most distribution carry a lot of software so look.
Most distribution depends on availability.
Most distribution depends on factors.
Most distribution depends on several factors.
Most distribution determines broad patterns.
Most distribution determines climate patterns.
Most distribution determines patterns.
Most distribution has explanations.
Most distribution has importance.
Most distribution has parameters.
Most distribution has patterns.
Most distribution is caused by fungi.
Most distribution is caused by microscopic fungi.
Most distribution makes more senses.
Most distribution makes senses.
Most distribution provides information.
Most distribution provides possibility.
Most distribution reflects temporal variation.
Most distribution reflects variation.
Most distribution requires permission.
Most distribution shows differences.
Most distribution shows growth.
Most distributions are transcontinental with the distribution of O .
Most distributions come along with boot disks that work for all common types of PC hardware.
Most distributions come in two flavours, an official and a GPL'ed or free release.
Most distributions come with both rawrite and boot disk images.
Most distributions come with kernel that has most of the drivers compiled as modules.
Most distributions come with six virtual terminals.
Most distributions come with software package managers.
Most distributions have a central location for all bug-fixes and errata.
Most distributions have a single mode.
Most distributions install it by default.
Most distributions install network startup scripts that are executed during boot.
Most distributions install tcp wrappers by default.
Most distributions make on available and is often part of the installation disks.
Most distributions occur near year end.
Most distributions provide a bootup option to specify the drive geometry.
Most distributions provide such images.
Most distributions provide tech.
Most distributions take a bell-shaped curve appearance, called a normal distribution.
Most distributions use it.
Most distributions use modules.
Most distributions use some sort of menu, making it easy to pick and choose.
Some distribution accounts for fire.
Some distribution affects cleavages.
Some distribution affects uptake.
Some distribution changes over time.
Some distribution depends on solubility.
Some distribution depends on time.
Some distribution depends on water solubility.
Some distribution ensures chances.
Some distribution facilitates success.
Some distribution follows distribution.
Some distribution follows patterns.
Some distribution has separation.
Some distribution illustrates ages.
Some distribution illustrates capacity.
Some distribution indicates potential.
Some distribution is presented in tables.
Some distribution is summarized in tables.
Some distribution leads authors.
Some distribution occurs during first months.
Some distribution occurs during months.
Some distribution occurs in regions.
Some distribution provides guidance.
Some distribution provides important insight.
Some distribution provides insight.
Some distribution reflects distribution.
Some distribution requires further investigations.
Some distribution requires investigations.
Some distribution shows deposition.
Some distribution shows tendencies.
Some distribution supports oocyte quality.
Some distribution supports quality.
Some distribution takes places.
Some distributions are better suited to home users, others are excellent for commercial settings.
Some distributions are free and can be downloaded, while others are available at a low cost.
Some distributions are ineligible for rollover.
Some distributions are irregular, having more than one mode.
Some distributions are more suited for the home user.
Some distributions are more suited for use as a server, while others are designed for workstations.
Some distributions can do automatic software upgrades over the Net.
Some distributions do divert and do things differently here.
Some distributions have fixes that overwrite certain files.
Some distributions have the modules already built.
Some distributions install the same program to different places in the directory tree.
Some distributions make great servers, while others are aimed more towards the newbie desktop user.
Some distributions offer several different ways to install the software.
Some distributions represent a family of distributions.
Some distributions require user input.
Some distributions use mingetty for the video console, but mingetty has no serial port support.
Some distributions use more or less floppies for the installation, so make adjustments accordingly.
Distributional checks indicate whether is the best estimator.
Distributional data are scant because of extremely secretive behavior.
Distributional data exist for a couple of demonstration states.
Distributional phenomena are apparent in the evolutionary history of species in general.
Distributional requirements are normally satisfied by the end of the student's second year.
Distributional similarity is a useful notion in estimating the probabilities of rare joint events.
Distributional similarity is computed from a standard natural language corpus.
Distributional tables are important weapons in the debate over the fairness of the tax bill.
Distributional tests assist in determining a better estimator, if needed.
Distributive justice has to do with authority, such as the authority of parents.
Distributive justice is concerned with the well-being of everyone in a community.
Distributive justice is protected by a justice system and by a legal system.
Distributive justice is rooted in the subjective, relative moral values of the community.
Distributive law works.
Distributive networks provide the infrastructure services for the new economy.
Distributive operators strive to optimize the efficiency of the distribution chain.
A distributive shock is a shock
Distributive shock is defined as a profound decrease in systemic vascular tone.
A distributor is a supplier
Distributor agrees to pay for all materials ordered at the time of order.
Distributor agrees to pay for all shipping charges.
Distributor displays the amount due.
Distributor distributes a product under a custom or own label.
Distributor earns commissions on the inventory sold directly to retail customers in the party.
Distributor inquires welcome .
Distributor inquires welcome.
Distributor is a small, home-based business.
Distributor is accountable for accurate representation.
Distributor is in the business of marketing and distributing software products.
Distributor is now vacuum and centrifically activated.
Distributor is responsible for all marketing, promotion, duplication, shipping etc.
Distributor is responsible for tax and shipping charges on all free product.
Distributor is standard equipment when engine is sold with electric starter and generator.
Distributor report a typical improvement in margin of two full points.
Distributor seeks software titles.
Distributor sign up page.
Distributor start up materials included.
Distributors accept for an tent meanwhile drown pro discount golf equipment.
Distributors act as independent agents and sell products to their clients.
Distributors add similar value.
Distributors also alleges it has a defense to the fraud claim.
Distributors also carry various UV light sources for curing.
Distributors also do well from the arrangement.
Distributors also have a debt to the customer.
Distributors also have obligations in relation to placing safe products in the market.
Distributors appear in bold type, dealers in plain text.
Distributors are a direct contact to the public.
Distributors are a hardy lot.
Distributors are able to efficiently handle a variety of products.
Distributors are able to network with other successful business builders from across the country.
Distributors are able to respond privately to each buyer with a customized quote.
Distributors are accustomed to moving products in bulk, on huge pallets.
Distributors are also welcome to manufacturer pricing for larger volumes.
Distributors are an integral part of bringing the founders' products to end users and OEMs.
Distributors are apparently hesitant to take up new releases so soon after the quake.
Distributors are available worldwide.
Distributors are companies.
Distributors are distributors.
Distributors are divided.
Distributors are dropping like flies, so are labels.
Distributors are electrical devices.
Distributors are especially leery of potential reactions in Germany.
Distributors are experts in assembling and shipping dealer orders.
Distributors are increasingly active in production financing.
Distributors are insecure about a film that pushes too many emotional buttons.
Distributors are part of ignition.
Distributors are part of the audience as well.
Distributors are pleased to receive leads for follow-up.
Distributors are prone to even more exaggerations than the company itself.
Distributors are retailings.
Distributors are slow to return the kegs and pallets, often leaving Cold Harbor short.
Distributors are suppliers.
Distributors are the last link in the movie chain which take films to the people.
Distributors are wary of putting challenging movies into an increasingly crowded marketplace.
Distributors are welcome - territories are still available.
Distributors are welcome to come aboard.
Distributors are welcome.
Distributors buy and sell the products on their own account and risk.
Distributors buy and store large quantities of processed products.
Distributors buy enormous quantities of hardware and software from manufacturers.
Distributors call for volume wholesale prices.
Distributors can access product updates, order status, and other information.
Distributors can add their own ideas for more participation.
Distributors can also diversify by selling secure prescription pads.
Distributors can also earn stock bonuses.
Distributors can also give volume discounts.
Distributors can also make advances after the film is produced.
Distributors can also offer value and service through their knowledge and expertise.
Distributors can be very very political.
Distributors can change any page or all pages.
Distributors can check on their sales volume status and that of their downline.
Distributors can configure the catalogs any way they want.
Distributors can dispense undyed kerosene from any retail pump.
Distributors can even remotely disconnect customers who fail to pay their bills.
Distributors can even submit new distributor applications over the Internet.
Distributors can fail without damaging or compromising the common open-source code base.
Distributors can help.
Distributors can list machines with unprecedented efficiency.
Distributors can match customers' needs to envelopes of various sizes, shapes and styles.
Distributors can notify their sales team of new products.
Distributors can now check the status of their orders instantly, noting discrepancies as they occur.
Distributors can only sell to other distributors or dealers that agree to abide by the agreement.
Distributors can order online and then check on the status of the order and their customers orders.
Distributors can order products, check order status and view proofs online.
Distributors can play a role both as customers and as sources of information.
Distributors can provide the best product for the job at very competitive prices.
Distributors can schedule their screening and meeting times most effectively.
Distributors can sell with confidence.
Distributors can share their exact packaging needs and expectations.
Distributors can share their successes as well as ask questions.
Distributors can start small and move up as they become more comfortable with the technology.
Distributors can work in both.
Distributors cancel orders from the factory.
Distributors celebrate across an tent meanwhile accept in line roller skating.
Distributors celebrate across an tent meanwhile accept Maraging golf.
Distributors celebrate across an tent meanwhile accept pool billiards.
Distributors celebrate across an tent meanwhile accept skate boards.
