Most decomposition attracts beetles.
Most decomposition follows death.
Most decomposition follows patterns.
Most decomposition is caused by factors.
Most decomposition occurs at soil surfaces.
Most decomposition occurs at surfaces.
Most decomposition occurs during death.
Most decomposition occurs in layers.
Most decomposition occurs in lower layers.
Most decomposition occurs in stages.
Most decomposition produces gases.
Most decomposition produces methane gases.
Most decomposition provides additional benefits.
Most decomposition provides benefits.
Most decomposition provides feedback.
Most decomposition provides many additional benefits.
Most decomposition provides many benefits.
Most decomposition requires oxygen.
Most decomposition takes place throughout the heated soil matrix and in the very hot vapors.
Some decomposition follows disturbances.
Some decomposition increases availability.
Some decomposition increases nutrient availability.
Some decomposition occurs during winter.
Some decomposition occurs in climates.
Some decomposition occurs in rainforests.
Some decomposition takes years.
Decompressed data is identical to the original data before compression.
Decompression chambers are within reach of most resorts in case of a diving emergency.
Decompression illness can also cause cochlear gas emboli with hearing loss.
Decompression illness is a continuum from no symptoms or signs to severe multisystem involvement.
Decompression melting creates the ocean crust at mid-ocean ridges .
Decompression melting involves the upward movement of Earth's mostly-solid mantle.
Decompression melting occurs because of a decrease in pressure.
Decompression sickness is an illness
Decompression sickness occurs when there is production of nitrogen bubbles in the circulation.
Decompression software is required.
A decompression is a writing
Decompression consists of a linear interpolation between sample points.
Decompression is a period following a major life change.
Decompression is achieved by reversing the process, and is often much quicker.
Decompression is achieved by turning a tap.
Decompression is another big difference.
Decompression is automatically determined for TIFF input.
Decompression is done on the fly by the client.
Decompression is done using a sub-process and pipes so that no temporary file is created.
Decompression is fast and requires small work space.
Decompression is highly efficient.
Decompression is important.
Decompression is in software only.
Decompression is indicated on rare occasion.
Decompression is invisible, and is integrated into the system software of each platform.
Decompression is now MUCH faster also.
Decompression is perhaps more difficult conceptually, but it is really easier to program.
Decompression is quite fast though.
Decompression is significantly slower than gzip .
Decompression is simply the control of antagonisms by power.
Decompression is still a lot slower than compression, though.
Decompression is the permanent control of both antagonists by the ruling class.
Decompression is the treatment of choice.
Decompression is transparent and very fast.
Decompression is very fast and requires small work space.
Decompression requires no extra memory.
Decompression requires no memory.
Decompression Reverses the procedure used to compress an image.
Decompression reverses the result of compression.
Decompression stop dive.
Decompression sure feels good.
Decompression takes place at the workstation.
Decompression willhave to be done very slowly.
Decompression works in the reverse fashion.
Decompressions are easing.
Decompressive craniotomy needs validation in a randomized trial.
Deconditioned muscles are inefficient and use more oxygen than muscles that are conditioned.
Deconditioned muscles use more oxygen than toned muscles.
Decongestant products relieve nasal congestion.
A decongestant is medicine
Decongestants act to constrict the blood vessels to provide relief.
Decongestants add to the effect of antihistamines by reducing swelling of the nasal passages.
Decongestants also help alleviate the symptoms of bronchitis.
Decongestants also increase blood pressure.
Decongestants are also available in nose spray or drop form for acute congestion.
Decongestants are another option, and finally, when all else fails, there are allergy shots.
Decongestants are available as both tablets and nasal spray.
Decongestants are available as pills, liquids, nasal sprays or drops.
Decongestants are available as pills, liquids, nose sprays or drops.
Decongestants are available in both topical and oral forms.
Decongestants are available in oral and spray forms.
Decongestants are drugs that can help re-establish drainage of the nasal passages.
Decongestants are medicine.
Decongestants are of paramount importance.
Decongestants are recommended.
Decongestants are safer if used for short periods of time.
Decongestants can aggravate high blood pressure, heart, and thyroid disease.
Decongestants can also help to reduce stuffiness and shrink swollen mucus membranes.
Decongestants can also help to shrink swollen membranes and reduce stuffiness.
Decongestants can be helpful such as pseudoephedrine or phenolpropanolamine.
Decongestants can cause hyperactivity and irritability.
Decongestants can cause nervousness, sleeplessness or elevation in blood pressure.
Decongestants can dry up mucus in the chest, head, and nose.
Decongestants can give short-term relief from nasal stuffiness.
Decongestants can help reduce the swelling in the eustachian tube and relieve ear pressure.
Decongestants can help relieve sinus congestion, and help overcome the symptoms of a common cold.
Decongestants can help to clear the nose and sinuses.
Decongestants can help with nasal symptoms.
Decongestants can potentially increase the heart rate of both mother and child.
Decongestants can raise blood pressure and increase the heart rate.
Decongestants can relieve stuffiness from head congestion.
Decongestants cause the blood vessels to narrow, thus, leading to the clearing of nasal congestion.
Decongestants clear up redness and nasal congestion.
Decongestants come either topically as in nasal sprays or in liquid or pill form.
Decongestants come in a variety of forms some associated with antihistamines and some alone.
Decongestants come in many different forms.
Decongestants come in pills, liquids, and nasal sprays under many brand names.
Decongestants come in the form of oral medication, nose drops and nasal sprays.
Decongestants constrict the blood vessels, put air through the nose, and alleviate pressure.
Decongestants decrease swelling in the nose.
Decongestants have a limited role in the treatment of geriatric rhinitis.
Decongestants have various names but the box or label usually has the word decongestant somewhere.
Decongestants help by shrinking the swollen nasal tissues so as to open the breathing passages.
Decongestants help clear the infection by draining the infected sinsuses.
Decongestants help dry it out.
Decongestants help reduce swelled sinus passages, but they can also can lead to severe xerostomia.
Decongestants help temporarily relieve the stuffy nose of allergies.
Decongestants help to relieve runny nose, congestion and sinus headaches.
Decongestants help unclog nasal passages and clear congestion.
Decongestants lessen congestion which prevents drainage, making bacterial infection more likely.
Decongestants offer relief of nasal and sinus congestion by narrowing blood vessels.
Decongestants open the ostia through which the mucus drains.
Decongestants reduce nasal blockage by narrowing blood vessels.
Decongestants reduce nasal congestion by constricting blood vessels.
Decongestants reduce swelling of congested tissues.
Decongestants relieve congestion by thinning the mucous so it can drain away.
Decongestants relieve congestion, promote sinus draining and improve breathing.
Decongestants shrink congested nasal tissues.
Decongestants shrink swollen membranes in the nose, making it easier to breath.
Decongestants shrink swollen nasal tissues.
Decongestants temporarily raise the blood pressure and make extra work for the heart.
Decongestants treat nasal congestion.
Decongestants treat the symptom.
Decongestants work by narrowing blood vessels.
Decongestants work by narrowing the blood vessels in the membranes that line the nose.
Decongestants often have a stimulant effect.
Many decongestants contain ephedrine or pseudoephedrine, a cousin to adrenalin.
Most decongestants are chemical relatives of adrenaline.
Decongestive eye drops help, too.
Deconstruction can be a link to job training and economic development efforts.
Deconstruction emphasizes the lack of totality and closure in any form.
Deconstruction has a warped way of reading.
Deconstruction involves the questioning, even the bashing of precious substantive assumptions.
Deconstruction is a form of critique.
Deconstruction is a philosophical theory
Deconstruction is a Socratic gadfly on the rump of the hermeneutical project.
Deconstruction is a way of bringing the repressed way of seeing back to consciousness.
Deconstruction is a way of spreading the blame, thus distributing the misery.
Deconstruction is about distinctive individual voices and sounds.
Deconstruction is an absolute critique of absolutism.
Deconstruction is an emerging feature of contemporary critical work within developmental psychology.
Deconstruction is an innovative tool intended to contribute to a community's revitalization.
Deconstruction is corrosive.
Deconstruction is essential in a digital world.
Deconstruction is justice.
Deconstruction is less adversarial and more playful than critique or confrontation.
Deconstruction is neither destructive, nor nihilistic.
Deconstruction is seen as a tool for liberation.
Deconstruction is the careful hand disassembly of buildings for material salvage.
Deconstruction is the process of analyzing what is said in continuous iterative loops.
Deconstruction meets the vision thing.
Deconstruction occurs in life as well as in literature.
Deconstruction offers a context for embracing uncertainty as a state with potential for improvement.
Deconstruction shows the multiple layers of meaning at work in language.
Deconstruction unveils the techniques by which the centre masquerades as a centre.
Deconstructionism is a philosophical theory
Deconstructionism is a philosophy that rejects value judgements based on one's own cultural values.
Deconstructionism is part of a movement called poststructuralism.
Deconstructionism makes sense.
Deconstructive postmodernism is deeply critical of all religious and spiritual traditions.
Deconstructive postmodernism seeks to undo all claims toward ultimate knowledge and truth.
Deconstructive readings challenge the idea that a text has an unchanging, unified meaning.
Decontaminated soil is removed from the tin bath into a water-filled quench tank.
Decontaminated water is recycled back through the process.
Decontamination is a removal
Decontamination is a valuable tool in solid waste management.
Decontamination is important in maintaining firefighters' health.
Decontamination is performed prior to the delivery of definitive care in MTFs.
Decontamination is removal of the toxicant to a disposal area.
Decontamination is removals.
Decontamination is simple and completely effective using detergent and aqueous decon rinses.
Decontamination is time and labor intensive and requires tremendous resources.
Decontamination is time and labor intensive.
Decontamination is time consuming and requires resources.
Decontamination is time consuming, and it causes corrosion and damage to some types of equipment.
Decontamination is very difficult and virtually impossible in soil and water.
Decor is decoration
Decors range from old world charm to a more modern look.
All decor is the same.
Decorated architecture has window tracery.
Decorated bags made by Anatolian nomads are personal favorites.
Decorated birdhouses come in a variety of sizes and styles.
Decorated boats gather from miles around to receive a blessing from the town priest.
Decorated bottles are common to vodou, being a combination of magic and folk art.
Decorated bottles make ideal housewarming or hostess gifts.
Decorated cages are also available.
Decorated crap is still crap.
Decorated initials are a very common feature of the book.
Decorated initials are an integral part of illuminated manuscripts.
Most decorated kylikes have a stem raising the cup's bowl up off the foot.
Decorated models are now open.
Decorated obelisks flank the monumental entraces, one of which is seen in the illustration.
Decorated obelisks flank the monumental entrances, one of which is seen in the illustration.
Decorated skulls are also available.
Decorated towels make wonderful gifts.
Most decorating centers offer all the necessary products to get the job done right.
Most decorating shows offer suggestions for choosing paint to go with white trim.
Decoration Adds an underline, overline, or line-through to text, or makes the text blink.
Decoration appears along the eaves of the gable roof on the west side.
Decoration attempts to be costly.
Decoration bordering the mummy s left side is divided into four registers.
Decoration can also provide clues to the identity of a piece's owner.
Decoration can entice customers to stop, look and buy.
Decoration can only make the handling and the seeing of the object a more pleasureable experience.
Decoration Changes the decoration for text.
Decoration consists of figural scenes produced from carved molds.
Decoration consists of geometric motifs, glyphs, or figural scenes.
Decoration contains all decoration.
Decoration covers all forms of decorative forms.
Decoration depends on budget and materials at hand.
Decoration draws attention.
Decoration features a large circular rose window flanked by miniature turrets.
Decoration has (part) sections.
Decoration has big impact.
Decoration has impact.
Decoration includes a couple of optical fibre plants and a well stocked aquarium.
Decoration includes geometric motifs and figural scenes.
Decoration includes horizontal lines, circles and ovals.
Decoration includes incising, stone inlay and highly polished surfaces.
Decoration includes scenes of warfare, ritual or mythological scenes and glyphic inscriptions.
Decoration includes scenes of warfare, ritual, or mythological scenes and glyphic inscriptions.
Decoration is also an excellent diagnostic tool.
Decoration is an artifact
Decoration is artifacts.
Decoration is available and cost depends on the elaborateness of the design.
Decoration is awards.
Decoration is beautiful, exotic and original.
Decoration is concentrated only in the central sections of the roofing.
Decoration is definitely low-frills.
Decoration is elegant and romantic, true to original colonial style and colors.
Decoration is found on the rim ledge on the body of the pot where it survives.
Decoration is generally absent in an average village household.
Decoration is in the fourth style.
Decoration is inside and out.
Decoration is limited to white paint around the randomly placed, randomly sized windows.
Decoration is located in parties.
Decoration is made from traditional Czech glass and is very high quality product.
Decoration is minimal except for the wall hangings with Indian pastoral scenes and ceiling fans.
Decoration is nice.
Decoration is pleasant and it is a very comfortable and cozy place.
Decoration is raised with a few beads.
Decoration is refined, modern and elegant.
Decoration is relegated to the central bay, the entrance and the middle section of the cornice.
Decoration is the responsibility of the tenant.
Decoration is traditional Oaxacan art.
Decoration isa artifact.
Decoration means co-ordination.
Decoration tends to be local designs - but there are always exceptions.
Decorations abound everywhere, multicolored lights on every tree, house, etc.
Decorations abound in the hundreds of inns, hotels and motels in and around ski areas.
Decorations abound on sweatshirts, automobiles and houses.
Decorations abound, signaling the beginning of a magical time.
Decorations are a source of joy for occupants of offices, laboratories and other facilities.
Decorations are a source of joy for occupants of offices, laboratories, and homes.
Decorations are a source of joy for occupants of offices, laboratories, and other facilities.
Decorations are also on it.
Decorations are always a no-brainer.
Decorations are at adult eye levels, or are too syrupy and cute.
Decorations are bits of colored paper torn from magazine ads.
Decorations are easy to make and something every member of the family can participate in.
Decorations are easy too.
Decorations are exotic and there is soft background music.
Decorations are festive appropriate for the month, sponsor, or particular event.
Decorations are few, but some frescoes are to be found in the upper rooms.
Decorations are few.
Decorations are in acrylics except where primitive paints are noted.
Decorations are limited to flowers suitable to the site.
Decorations are on the bezel, edge, and back of the case.
Decorations are pink, white, and red.
Decorations are quietly seasonal.
Decorations are sparse - just a few Chinese wall hangings and a vase of four yellow roses.
Decorations are the responsibility of the applicant.
Decorations are the responsibility of the client.
Decorations are to be placed on the already provided ceiling hooks only.
Decorations begin with roses, calla lilies, irises and proceed to bows and intricate piping.
Decorations brighten the room.
Decorations can be as simple or elaborate as the budget permits.
Decorations can be red, white and blue bunting with lots of balloons.
Decorations can cause overloaded circuits.
Decorations can give rooms personal touch.
Decorations can increase fire and panic hazards.
Decorations come next.
Decorations consist of pleated self fabric for trim with the use of small flowers, ribbons and lace.
Decorations Cover the walls with posters of international soccer teams.
Decorations Create an atmosphere of luxury, indulgence, and tranquillity.
Decorations Decorate with mini flags from various countries.
Decorations describe a portion of the implementation details for how a coclass becomes a class.
Decorations enhance and highlight a garden's appeal.
Decorations made of plastic such as some angel hair, tinsel, spray snow and ornaments are non-toxic.
Decorations Make a cornucopia centerpiece filled with fruit, gourds, nuts, seeds, and spices.
Decorations Make decorations from items found in nature.
Decorations offer a wide range of potential dangers.
Decorations relate to Chinese revolutionary symbols.
Decorations run the gamut.
Decorations tend to be neutral to accommodate many different inhabitants and their different styles.
Decorations Use a life size lion cut out to welcome guests at the door.
Decorations Use a small flashlight in pumpkins instead of a candle.
Decorations Use a small flashlight instead of a candle .
Decorations Use only non-combustible ornaments and decorations.
Decorations Use stuffed animals as centerpieces.
Decoration often features rustic scenes, shell-like forms and smooth curves.
All decorations are non-toxic.
All decorations are to be free standing.
All decorations are to be placed within the planting area.
All decorations are to be removed following the wedding.
All decorations are to be removed immediately following the wedding.
All decorations are up.
All decorations have to be carefully hidden from public view.
Most decoration draws attention.
Most decoration has big impact.
Most decoration has impact.
Most decorations are acceptable.
Some decoration consists of cardboard tubes.
Some decoration consists of tubes.
Some decorations cost more due to the time involved.
Some decorations ignite easily and allow a fire to spread rapidly.
Some decorations ignite easily and fire spreads rapidly.
Decorative accents reflect the history and personality of each namesake.
Decorative accessories are the final touch.
Decorative accessories run to a pig theme.
Many decorative arrangements are available.
Decorative art is one side of limited possibilities.
Some decorative art features characters.
Decorative artwork has a psychological effect.
Decorative beads are Austrian crystal.
Decorative bear helps prevent children from accidentally locking themselves inside rooms.
Decorative boxes can be gifts themselves or used as an accent in a home.
Decorative brackets are common.
Decorative brick corbeling just below the eaves provides a transition from wall to roof.
Decorative brickwork marks the frieze on all sides, and creates a band at the belt course.
More decorative brickwork exists around the windows.
Decorative calligraphy is all over China.
Decorative Candles Buy candles of all sizes on sale during the year.
Decorative cartouche is dark and rich.
Decorative ceilings remain.
Decorative centerpieces are available which are already made for fountains.
Decorative clipping is allowable.
Decorative clothing is also commonplace and comprises another large part of African art.
Decorative collars are extra and that depends on the complexity of the decoration.
Decorative concrete is the fastest growing sector in the concrete industry.
Decorative containers offer interesting ways to grow a wide variety of plants.
Decorative corners can be handmade.
Decorative details add to the value of a piece if the rest of the construction is good.
Decorative details are possible with the use of textures or embossed sheets.
Decorative details are usually small, hidden and floral in inspiration.
Decorative details encircle the clock above the main entrance and accents adorn the east elevation.
Decorative Doors Decorate a door for a warm welcome.
Decorative effects come from functional elements.
Decorative elements abound.
Decorative elements are spare and stylized.
Decorative elements can include animals, sea serpents, mermaids, scrollwork, cherubs, costumes, etc.
Decorative elements create a comfortable and personal atmosphere.
More decorative embellishments are also typical of the ceramic assemblage.
Some decorative features achieve results.
Some decorative features achieve same results.
Many decorative figures help depict the constellations.
Many decorative finishes are faux finishes.
Many decorative fixtures use non-cutoff fixtures.
Decorative foils require an adhesive for lamination.
Decorative fringe is easy to make.
Decorative fringes depend from gold fibulae in shape of palmettes.
Decorative glass adds a touch of elegance and class to any home.
Decorative glass features.
Decorative glass is in the transom window of the middle first story window in the bay.
Decorative glass plays an indispensable role in authentic period restoration.
Decorative grasses are safe.
Decorative hardware gives a rich appearance associated with more expensive cases.
Decorative heart cutouts on all.
Decorative hinges attach the door to the frame.
Most decorative holders are really wimpy - too light to hold even a small stocking.
Decorative hooks are an apartment dweller's best friend and can be used to hang pots and pans.
Decorative houses are great for nature lovers to bring a little bit of the outdoors inside.
Decorative items handcrafted are very popular to sell.
Decorative items made of wood and bamboo are also good bargains here.
Decorative items range from yu-wood hat chests to luscious red lacquer buckets.
Decorative Lampshades Get a few ideas for making interesting and easy lampshades.
Decorative lights add dimension and mood to exterior spaces and structures.
Decorative lighting can be a low cost alternative to achieve very desirable aesthetic effects.
Decorative lighting can help create a mood.
Decorative lighting provides illumination to a variety of rooms, each unique in function and design.
Decorative lintels crown the windows.
Decorative lion faces, terra cotta above main entrance remain in remarkable condition.
Decorative map shows the entire continent as heavily mountainous and wooded.
Decorative metallic striping for legs is available.
Decorative mum have double or semi-double flowers and are taller plants.
Decorative objects cover every surface, and even hang from the ceiling.
Decorative objects relate to one another, establishing a theme for the occasion.
Decorative ones are still available, however, for individuals who simply like their look.
Some decorative painters do murals.
Decorative painting is a learned skill, much as handwriting or walking.
Decorative painting is fun, easy and the results can be amazing.
Decorative painting is one way to personalize products.
Decorative Painting See some of the latest decorative paint applicators available.
Decorative paper is cut to shape, glued to a surface and sealed with many layers of varnish.
All decorative parts are black anodized or black painted.
Decorative patterns are flowers and bird.
Decorative peace has happy days ahead of it.
Decorative pebbles are visible just below the surface of the water.
Decorative pieces come in all shapes, sizes and designs.
Decorative planters make great gifts.
Decorative plasterwork includes Grecian motif friezes and ceiling roses.
Decorative plates hang about the wall and gauzy fabric frames the windows.
Decorative plywoods are available for wall panelling and built in fitments.
Decorative possibilities are endless.
Some decorative pots have drainage holes.
Some decorative pots have holes.
Decorative ribs are visible along the side elevations.
Decorative ribbon is attached to the seamline of each tier.
Decorative rock creates an attractive, easily maintained, nonflammable ground cover.
Decorative rosettes are on the top and front of the trunk.
Decorative screens are a popular way to define a room space or maintain privacy.
Decorative screens are a popular way to define a rooms space or maintain privacy.
Decorative screens are attractive, affordable and practical.
Decorative screens reflect the contemporary elegance of the house.
Decorative sections are then firmly pinned and stitched into place with a zig zag stitch.
Decorative shades come in various shapes and colors.
Decorative signs explain the uses for each plant.
Decorative stitches are another consideration.
Some decorative stitches are available on higher-end machines.
Decorative styles tend to have a lot of detail and fall into that same category.
Decorative sunbursts are expensive, however.
Decorative tassels are an art form as old as interior design itself.
Decorative tassels finish the appearance.
Decorative touches are few and far between, although books are strategically placed.
Decorative Trash Can Build a trash can for a unique touch.
Decorative trim is added to the top and side.
Decorative trusses soften the two-story volume.
Decorative type is difficult to read.
Decorative windows come in many shapes and sizes, such as circles or diamonds.
Decorative windows draw light into each room.
Decorative windows hang from the ceiling above.
Decorator crabs are an important food source for some fishes, including croakers and cabezon.
Decorator crabs eat sea urchins, small crustaceans, and sponges.
Decorator crabs tend to use material from their immediate habitat for most effective camouflaging.
A decorator is a specialist
Decorator is thus more transparent to the application than an adapter is.
Decorator is thus more transparent to the client.
Decorator perfect in a wonderful beachfront setting.
Decorator provides an enhanced interface.
Decorators agree, for example, that ornaments go anywhere.
Decorators are artists.
Decorators are responsible for the installation and removal of all decorations.
Decorators can use it to locate specific images by title or subject matter.
Decorators can use the lamp to pull together all the colors in a room.
Decorators close out.
Decorators provide a flexible alternative to subclassing for extended functionality.
Decorators provide a flexible alternative to subclassing for extending functionality.
Decorators provide the necessary extension cords.
Decorators say mirrors can open up a room and make it look or feel bigger.
Decorators seek to please.
Decorators take their jobs very seriously.
Decorators work in many ways.
Every decorator needs to be as concerned about how the room works as well as how the room looks.
Many decorators are skilled at making slightly padded fabric walls.
Most decorators use computer-aided desk programs that can generate many floorplan variations.
Some decorators use a rolled fondant icing.
A decortication is an operation
Decortication hastens recovery in patients with severe pleural infections.
Decortication is achieved by using a flour mill or plate mill, which is also called as disc mill.
Decortication is indicated if more than the equivalent of one lobe is nonfunctional.
Decorum demands as much.
Decorum is propriety
Every decorum is observed.
A decoupage is art
Decoupage can add a creative and artistic touch to picture frames, lamps, furniture and dishes.
Decoupage comes from the French word, decouper, meaning to cut.
Decoupage gives an item the effect that a picture has been painted on it.
Decoupage is a good beginning project for children.
Decoupage is a wonderful way to decorate furniture of any style or period.
Decoupage is an art of elegance.
Decoupage is done by first selecting and preparing a surface.
Decoupage is simple and fun.
Decoupage is the process of decorating a surface that is completely covered by paper cutouts.
Decoupage Learn how to decoupage.
Decoupage Perfect to hold decoupage elements in place before varnishing.
Decoupage provides a tough coating that dries hard and clear.
Decoupages are art.
Decoupled payments increase the wealth of farmers.
A decoy is a slicker
A decoy is an accomplice
Decoy isa device.
Decoys are also relatively easy to make and can overwhelm by saturation alone.
Decoys are camouflage weapons of deception.
Decoys are deceivers.
Decoys are objects.
Decoys are one of the most important elements in sturgeon-spearing.
Decoys are optional when hunting travel routes.
Decoys are recommended and chest waders.
Decoys are recommended with chest waders.
Decoys are usually preset.
Decoys are worth one point when they are killed.
Decoys can be valuable in the turkey hunt.
Decoys can be very important when hunting geese in a field.
Decoys can pull a reluctant gobbler close enough for a shot.
Decoys come in all sizes, shapes and colors.
Decoys go back in the attic and calls get hung in a closet, there to collect dust for nine months.
Decoys have (part) sections.
Decoys have several functions.
Decoys look just like ducks, but they aren t.
Decoys only work if they can be seen.
Decoys range from just a few inches to over three feet.
Decoys reduce the chance of crippled birds.
Decoys run out and radiate.
Decoys seem to be most effective on sharp corners, at the end of long corridors, or in dark corners.
Decoys seem to work best when they can be used with the terrain.
Decoys sometimes bring out the behavior in some hens.
All decoys are flesh in color.
All decoys feature hand carved, cedar heads with glass eyes and internally weighted keels.
Some decoys are part of flytraps.
Some decoys are part of net.
Some decoys use mainly agility, some use threatening manners, etc.
Decrease concentration corresponds to forces.
Decrease combined with sincerity brings about supreme good fortune.
Decrease costs with increased coordination.
Decrease distances in such activities as horseshoes, ring toss, and softball.
Decrease draw weight .
Decrease draw weight.
Decrease glutamate transport by the brain and spinal cord in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Decrease is amounts.
Decrease is an occurrence
Decrease is due to lower sales and higher inventory costs.
Decrease is physical events.
Decrease is processes.
Decrease lowers drug metabolism.
Decrease melt temparature.
Decrease melt temperature.
Decrease mould temperature.
Decrease risks through better coordination between teams.
Decrease stresses affecting trainees on their first TDT training session.
Decrease waiting thread count.
Decreases are mainly due to titles that ceased to be published and subscriptions cancelled.
Decreases are slightly more pronounced for shorter terms.
Decreases cost over and emergency room visit for the employer.
Decreases heartbeat irregularities.
Decreases mean arterial blood pressure.
Decreases occur in bone density, lean body mass, muscular strength, and hematopoiesis.
Decreases relate to reallocations of staffing within the organization.
Decreases server downtime - through proactive fault management and version control.
Decreases server downtime through proactive fault management and version control.
Decreases sleep latency, increases the duration of sleep, and decreases the number of awakenings.
Decreases wait time and improves resource management.
More decrease is projected for both snow cover and sea-ice extent.
Some decrease is projected in private domestic and livestock water use.
Decreased activity can increase joint stiffness and weakness, further compromising mobility.
Decreased aldosterone results in contraction of extracellular fluid and potassium retention.
Decreased attendance equals decreased revenues.
Decreased concentration is especially common within the first few weeks of interferon therapy.
Decreased consumption is environmentally more sound than the current system, which encourages waste.
Decreased demand decreases supply.
Decreased doses are possible with subtraction techniques, but a double dose is guaranteed to work.
Decreased enrollment is a national trend due to the aging of the population.
Decreased function includes paralysis, spasm, weakness and decreased balance.
Decreased infiltration means less groundwater for wells and streams.
Decreased latency means faster page download times.
Decreased levels are most commonly due to inadequate protein intake, malabsorption, or liver damage.
Decreased levels indicate acute damage to the pancrease or undersctive parathyroid.
Decreased levels indicate the presence of hemorrhage, anemia, iron deficiency.
Decreased levels signal hypothyroidism, while high levels indicate hyperthyroidism in cats.
Decreased lung sounds on the right side.
Decreased lung sounds ventrally.
Decreased participation is due to the improved economy and lower unemployment.
Decreased rates are evident in winter months, subsequent to summer matings.
Decreased reactivity is a sign of atherosclerosis.
Decreased requirements occur with pre-existing cardiac disease.
Decreased secretions can cause dryness in other areas of the body.
Decreased stomach pains immediately and noticed increase in energy.
Decreased survival is linked to reduced energy storage.
Decreased vision is a significant threat to the quality of life.
Decreased weight bearing due to inadequate exercise also contributes to osteoporosis.
A decree is an act
Decrees are to be taken during the autumn.
Decrees show the amount to be paid.
Decreped hands grip onto a skull held by a chain to a skeletal hand ear cuff.
A decriminalization is legislation
Decriminalization gives authorities greater control over activities that happen anyway, they argue.
Decriminalization gives authorities greater control over activities that happens anyway, they argue.
Decriminalization increases drug use.
Decriminalization is long past due.
Decriminalization is preferable.
Decriminalization is the only complete answer.
Decriminalization is the opposite of legalization.
Decriminalization is the way to go.
Decriminalization saves a tremendous amount in enforcement costs.
Decriminalization saves a tremendous amount of enforcement costs.
Decriminalizations are legislation.
Decross soils are deep with overthickened mollic epipedons.
Decross soils are on relict alluvial fans, fan aprons, and pediment toeslopes.
Decross soils have a cryic temperature regime and an ustic moisture regime.
Decryption can happen only with the proper smart card.
Decryption involves turning the ciphertext back into plaintext.
Decryption is a writing
Decryption is achieved by inverting the steps of encryption.
Decryption is as simple as unzipping the data with the equivalent pad of random data.
Decryption is carried out on our PC after orders have been downloaded from the web.
Decryption is carried out on our PC only after orders have been downloaded from the web.
Decryption is carried out on the vendor s PC after orders have been downloaded from the web.
Decryption is carried out on the vendor's PC after orders have been downloaded from the web.
Decryption is carried out using methods of belief-propagation which are computationally economical.
Decryption is done at the server using private key.
Decryption is done by an EncryptedInputStream.
Decryption is done in the workstation.
Decryption is done into memory only.
Decryption is done.
Decryption is exactly the opposite.
Decryption is faster.
Decryption is just as easy.
Decryption is just as simple.
Decryption is left as an exercise for the reader.
Decryption is on local machine.
Decryption is only possible in defined circumstances.
Decryption is performed by applying the inverse cellular automaton once to the ciphered message.
Decryption is performed instantly and can operate in a batch mode.
Decryption is possible only with the private key.
Decryption is simply root extraction.
Decryption is supported, although the sources are distributed separately for legal reasons.
Decryption is the inverse of the encryption process.
Decryption is the method of undoing the encryption to return to a readable form.
Decryption is the opposite of encryption.
Decryption is the process of reversing the unintelligible data into meaningful data using a key.
Decryption is the process of transforming ciphertext back into plaintext.
Decryption is the reverse of encryption, or transfer from ciphertext to plaintext.
Decryption is the reverse of encryption.
Decryption is the reverse process.
Decryption is the same process.
Decryption is the transformation of encrypted data back into legible form.
Decryption means any procedure to convert ciphertext into plaintext.
Decryption means any procedure to convert ciphertext to plaintext.
Decryption only requires the correct one-time passphrase.
Decryption refers to any procedure to convert cipher text into plain text.
Decryption requires a decryption key.
Decryption requires a password to be submitted by an authenticated customer.
Decryption reverses the process, turning the ciphertext back into the original message.
Decryption takes about the same CPU as encryption.
Decticous pupae tend to be active, and are always also exarate, with free appendages.
Decubitus ulcer is a term doctors use to describe any such sore.
Decubitus ulcer is ulcer
Decubitus ulcers are rare.
All decubitus ulcers have a course of injury similar to a burn wound.
Decuticalized hair has a slimy feeling when wet but is otherwise hard to identify.
Dedert units conform to virtually all fabrication and inspection standards worldwide.
Dedicated access is available at the levels listed below.
Dedicated access is available for continuous connections.
Dedicated access is available in virtually any configuration.
Dedicated access is defined as access which has no interruption.
Dedicated access is required to be provided.
Dedicated access is the preferred situation for the issue of a lease.
Dedicated accounts are available for continuous connections.
Dedicated accounts cost extra money.
Dedicated accounts have many positive and negative attributes associated with their existence.
Dedicated accounts have no inactivity time-outs or maximum session lengths.
Dedicated accounts have no such time limit.
All dedicated accounts are negotiable.
Dedicated amateurs make a real contribution to science from their own back yard.
Dedicated amplifiers produce the best sound.
Dedicated appliances eliminate the complexity typical of most personal computers.
Dedicated applications are obviously more fine-tuned to the job.
Dedicated attention is needed to take care of safety considerations.
Dedicated bandwidth is also available upon request.
Dedicated breeders strive to maintain the hunting instincts of the breed.
Dedicated chapters discuss stellar dynamics, chemical evolution and gravitational lensing.
Dedicated chasers learn to restrain their impatience.
Dedicated chefs use only the finest ingredients to produce dishes to an international standard.
Dedicated circuits are also expensive circuits.
Dedicated circuits link a customer's sites and remote users dial in via the Internet.
Dedicated circuits protect voltage drawn in amps only.
Dedicated collectors staff the exhibit, answering questions.
Dedicated computers are special purpose computers that are used to perform only one or more tasks.
Dedicated connections allow a full two-way pipe for movement of information.
Dedicated connections are also available, please call for pricing.
Dedicated connections are also available.
Dedicated connections are available at the same low rate to every community in Massachusetts.
Dedicated connections are available via modem, ISDN line, and frame relay.
Dedicated connections are available.
Dedicated connections are generally available on university campuses.
Dedicated connections are subject to availability and approved credit.
All dedicated connections are subject to a set up fee.
All dedicated connections assume a minimum one-year circuit term.
Dedicated connectivity means no network sharing.
Dedicated connectivity provides reliable bandwidth, both economically and efficiently.
Dedicated conservationists monitor our wildlife to ensure that nature's balance is being preserved.
Dedicated consultants provide orientation sessions for our volunteers.
Dedicated contributors add new chapters weekly.
Dedicated controls monitor operating conditions, increase productivity and reduce machine wear.
Most dedicated controllers feature a joystick for precise beam positioning.
Dedicated customers are usually larger corporations with their own IS staff.
Dedicated dentists like to keep up with the latest developments in their field.
Dedicated devices are stand-alone systems designed for communication.
Some dedicated drinkers are in for more trouble than a hangover.
Dedicated effort is essential for anyone to achieve at their personal best.
Dedicated employees are our most valuable assets.
Dedicated employees are valuable resources.
Dedicated engines are capable of very low exhaust emissions.
Most dedicated equipment is made by camera manufacturers for their own cameras.
Dedicated faculty encourages a commitment to lifelong learning.
Dedicated faculty sharpen the minds of intelligent, successful students.
Dedicated faculty teach classes and interact with students in and out of the classroom.
Dedicated fans can shop till they drop with retail-therapy .
Dedicated fans concur.
Dedicated files are similar to sub-directories in that they allow files to have specific paths.
Dedicated firefighters die doing what they love.
Dedicated fishermen keep a stable of such waters at the ready.
Any dedicated fisherman can do it, and it can be very satisfying.
Dedicated fixtures are a possibility.
Dedicated folks make sure the various lists and servers stay up and running.
Dedicated gardeners can try looking for and destroying the adults, nymphs, and squash bugs eggs.
Dedicated golfers know that the short game is the great leveler.
Dedicated golfers love the challenge of teeing off at different courses.
Dedicated hardware is available for specialized use.
Dedicated hardware is needed to send and receive microwave transmissions.
Dedicated hardware is needed to send and receive satellite transmissions.
Dedicated hosts offer high connectivity rates.
Dedicated hubs come with clusters of two, four, or more additional sockets.
Dedicated hunters see the world with a special perspective.
Dedicated individuals operate programs in States as far apart as Georgia and Utah.
Dedicated individuals work voluntarily in offices, deliver leaflets and hold endless meetings.
Dedicated innovators recognize that they know their own field better than others do.
Dedicated instrumentation is ideal.
Dedicated investors suffer.
Dedicated lands have special parcel and number designations on survey plans and titles.
Dedicated lanes are open for lap swimming, leisure swim and structured programs.
Dedicated leaders can burnout from overcommitment to church jobs.
Dedicated licenses cost less, but are less flexible.
Dedicated lights provide excellent orchestra lighting.
Dedicated lines allow the highest speed data connections outside of a local network.
Dedicated lines are available from several national ISPs.
Dedicated lines are available upon request.
Dedicated lines are severl times higher.
Dedicated lines can be very expensive, depending on the data rate.
Dedicated lines carry enormous amounts of data per second.
Dedicated lines come in several different flavours.
Dedicated lines make up the bulk of the Internet.
Dedicated lines minimize product contamination.
All dedicated lines pay for their own telco connection charges.
Dedicated links are available in hundreds of communities in the contiguous United States.
Some dedicated listeners have converted car radios for home use , here are some instructions.
Dedicated machines come with a higher level of support than what comes with a co-located machine.
Dedicated members devote many hours and significant financial resources to the unit.
Dedicated microprocessors prevent computers from locking up, for reliable control.
Dedicated microprocessors prevent CPUs from locking up for reliable control.
Dedicated microprocessors prevent CPUs from locking up, for reliable control.
Dedicated mode is used primarily for benchmarking code.
Some dedicated models have a cooling and heating stage.
Dedicated networks allow voice and data exchange between the clean rooms and other facilities.
Dedicated nutritionists work to maximise hydration and energy levels and keep riders riding.
Dedicated parking is nonexistent and nearby parking limited.
Dedicated participants are eligible to remain in the program until high school graduation.
Dedicated people are one of our best resources.
Many dedicated people put a lot of time and effort into making it work.
Dedicated personnel are the key to any business.
Dedicated personnel ensures short response time.
Dedicated personnel have years of credit union experience, which brings quick problem resolution.
All dedicated plans require a six month contract.
Dedicated platforms allow proprietary flexibility.
Dedicated ports are also available.
Dedicated practice is the key.
Dedicated pricing is based on usage.
Dedicated printers come in several varieties, including thermal and thermal transfer.
Dedicated professionals are always welcome to join our team.
Dedicated professionals provide all the necessary assistance needed to help with daily activities.
Many dedicated professionals teach part-time in programs near their homes.
Dedicated queues are available in the batch system.
Dedicated readers spend years figuring out one story.
Dedicated reps provide ultimate flexibility while shared teams provide low-cost retail access.
Dedicated research is a guarantee for the success of the group.
Dedicated resources are important to sustaining collaboration .
Dedicated Revenues are single-purpose payroll taxes.
Dedicated reviews provide customers with a second set of experienced eyes.
Dedicated runners hate to give up their passion during the winter months.
Dedicated server is now a console application, making remote administration easier.
Dedicated server requires no special permissions.
Dedicated server subdirectories house individual databases, both data and metadata.
Dedicated server supports groups who want real-time video collaboration.
Dedicated servers are a single computer fully devoted to the needs of one customer.
Dedicated servers are also available upon request.
Dedicated servers are available for sites that require it.
Dedicated servers are available.
Dedicated servers are capable of supporting multiple websites and domains.
Dedicated servers are more secure.
Dedicated servers are the norm.
Dedicated servers can accommodate well over one million hits per day.
Dedicated servers can be ready and online in two days.
Dedicated servers can host one web site or hundreds.
Dedicated servers cost way more than normal web hosting.
Dedicated servers have the opposite advantages and disadvantages.
Dedicated servers lead to less lag.
Dedicated servers plan is also available.
Dedicated servers require an initial three month prepaid contract.
Dedicated servers require at least a three month payment to get started.
Every dedicated server is custom-made for each customer.
Dedicated service allows connection of the entire business to the Internet.
Dedicated service is also available through participant-provided leased lines.
Dedicated service is available at an extra charge.
Dedicated service is available for an additional monthly fee.
Dedicated service is exempt from the circuit resets applicable to dialup accounts.
Dedicated service is the key to complete customer satisfaction.
Dedicated service is true dedicated service.
Dedicated service provides a set monthly rate for the full bandwidth of the chosen circuit.
Dedicated service requires a three year contract for the monthly rates given below.
Dedicated services provide reliability and performance, but at a high cost and with no mobility.
Dedicated services provide reliability and performance, but at a higher cost and with no mobility.
Dedicated services vary.
Dedicated sites are available only to their respective agencies.
Dedicated staff accept no excuses for truancy and reward students for exemplary attendance.
Dedicated staff are able to help find students with high quality, safe accommodation.
Dedicated staff are always available to help visitors select works to view and to answer enquiries.
Dedicated staff coordinate their efforts while providing training and supervision.
Dedicated staff handle inquiries from investors.
Dedicated staff keep abreast of the industry.
Dedicated staff provide the most complete and up to date screening and diagnosis.
Dedicated staff provides expert advice and coverage in nine industry sectors.
Dedicated staff working in departmental teams behind the scenes ensure that things run smoothly.
Dedicated students can reach first-degree black belt proficiency in three to four years.
Dedicated teacher infects students with a love of English.
Dedicated teachers are always concerned with the unique abilities of the individual student.
Dedicated teachers are the backbone of a quality school district.
Dedicated teachers earn every dollar they get and deserve many more.
Dedicated teachers provide challenging learning programs within happy, active classrooms.
Dedicated teachers share the life changing truths of the Bible to age graded classes.
All dedicated teachers spend hours fulfilling paperwork demands.
Many dedicated teachers work long hours each day teaching children in Catholic schools.
Dedicated technicians measure the specific gravity of the various components to the ten-thousandth.
Dedicated time is also available.
Dedicated time is spent answering calls for assistance.
Dedicated time is used to restrict access to selected users for a period of time.
Dedicated tools tend to be application specific.
Dedicated trees have an additional plaque which recognizes the dedication.
Some dedicated vegetarians have to spend three quarters of their waking hours foraging.
Dedicated versions are available for tobacco and food applications.
Dedicated viewers react positively.
Dedicated volunteers are essential to a successful program.
Dedicated volunteers are few.
Dedicated volunteers are important to the work of any Christian effort.
Dedicated volunteers are the backbone of all public service organizations.
Dedicated volunteers are what keeps the museum alive.
Dedicated volunteers assist program staff with coordination and clerical support.
Dedicated volunteers enrich settlement houses and thousands of programs and activities.
Dedicated volunteers look after all the childrens' needs, including health and medical care.
Dedicated volunteers maintain a butterfly garden just outside the front doors of the nature center.
Dedicated volunteers provide invaluable assistance in the offices and field.
Dedicated volunteers provide invaluable assistance in the Seattle and Spokane offices and field.
Dedicated volunteers provide labor for operations, maintenance, and management.
Dedicated volunteers support all aspects of school-based operations.
Dedicated volunteers support the police attached to the clubs.
Dedicated volunteers try to find a better home environment for the abandoned dog.
Dedicated volunteers work on many committees.
Dedicated wiring enables port control for security purposes.
Every dedicated writer gives up, with great regularity.
Dedication begins with accessibility.
Dedication builds attitudes in people.
Dedication can be a tunnel.
Dedication comes from attention, and attention thrives on small details.
Dedication comes full circle in the equally important aspect of breed rescue.
Dedication dribbles away.
Dedication enables the officer to keep trying in the face of defeat.
Dedication generally applies to the object actually dedicated.
Dedication gets hard on days when everything is coming down at once.
Dedication is a first step on the Path of both personal spirituality and Thalian membership.
Dedication is a job requirement.
Dedication is a key to success.
Dedication is a serious event.
Dedication is almost always a prerequisite to success.
Dedication is an attribute that all successful entrepreneurs exhibit.
Dedication is an important part of the involvement required to be a truly effective leader.
Dedication is an important part of the involvement required to be truly effective.
Dedication is another word for sanctification.
Dedication is ceremony.
Dedication is crucial.
Dedication is essential for our success and progress.
Dedication is everything, and a key part of dedication is homework.
Dedication is faithfulness
Dedication is fidelity.
Dedication is key to the success of the team.
Dedication is least desirable for off-site facilities.
Dedication is messages.
Dedication is more important than experiance.
Dedication is needed.
Dedication is required to complete the viewing of the lunar cycle.
Dedication is required.
Dedication is rewarded through the successful accomplishments of others.
Dedication is self-sacrificing devotion to whatever one does.
Dedication is something to be practiced.
Dedication is the key to the great door to our future.
Dedication is the key.
Dedication is the most essential element of better service.
Dedication is the most important thing.
Dedication is the next element because it involves determination and hard work.
Dedication is the setting apart of land for public use, either expressly or by implication of law.
Dedication is valuable but it is difficult for another person to judge.
Dedication is vital.
Dedication is what separates the common from the champion.
Dedication makes winning possible.
Dedication means always giving more than people expect.
Dedication means grabbing every spare moment, now and always.
Dedication varies from printed copy.
Dedications are available for various features.
Dedications Use the navigator on the right to switch to view more book dedications.
Dedicatory materials constitute the only difference between the two issues.
Dedifferentiated cells are specialised cells, which can revert back to an embryonic state.
A dedifferentiation is adjustment
Dedifferentiation is seen in dicot plants, particularly at the time of secondary growth.
Dedifferentiation occurs for some distance proximal to the amputation level.
Dedritic cells develop from monocytes , white blood cells which circulate in the body .
Dedritic cells develop from monocytes, white blood cells which circulate in the body.
Any deductible amounts paid at the time of repair are subject to sales tax.
Deductible contributions are taxable as ordinary income upon withdrawal.
Deductible costs provide short-term benefits by easing the net effect of refinancing.
Deductible expenses can go beyond the job-search basics.
Deductible levels are precisely the kind of issue that can be fine-tuned only in the market.
Deductible options are also available.
Deductible programs are available.
Deductible status is on-line at the pharmacy.
A deductible is a clause
Deductibles also reduce the cost of insurance to the contractor.
Deductibles apply separately to building and contents.
Deductibles apply to both direct damage to property and business interruption losses.
Deductibles apply to expenses, losses and settlements.
Deductibles are also available on contents.
Deductibles are articles.
Deductibles are generally a percentage of the value of the insured vehicle.
Deductibles are normally on a per-occurrence basis.
Deductibles are standard in many indemnity policies, and are usually based on a calendar year.
Deductibles are standard in many policies, and are usually based on a calendar year.
Deductibles are sums.
Deductibles are usually per person, or per family, per calendar year.
Deductibles can change every year.
Deductibles save money.
Deductibles serve several functions.
Deductibles vary according to the choice of the insured.
Deductibles vary by territory.
Any deductibles are the customers responsibility.
Deduction begins with a generalization.
Deduction begins with a statement and leads to logical consequences.
Deduction Consider the following argument.
Deduction depends on distribution to beneficiary.
Deduction flies from the senses and particulars to the most general axioms.
Deduction goes methodically from the general to the specific.
Deduction involves reasoning from given premises or assumptions to a conclusion.
Deduction involves the process of falsification .
Deduction involves the process of falsification of hypotheses.
Deduction is a clear cut process.
Deduction is a fundamentally different kind of knowledge than observation.
Deduction is a method of getting knowledge, just as gathering data is a method of getting knowledge.
Deduction is a showing of the unobvious, but still importantly a showing.
Deduction is a special way of thinking to discover and prove new truths using old truths.
Deduction is allowance.
Deduction is available irrespective of actual expenditure.
Deduction is based on one-half adjusted gross income.
Deduction is depreciation
Deduction is erosion-proof.
Deduction is exactly like reading a book.
Deduction is inference.
Deduction is made up of non-ampliative inferences.
Deduction is nonampliative.
Deduction is particularly useful for improving our understanding of the world in two situations.
Deduction is reasoning.
Deduction is reduced by any reimbursement received from employer.
Deduction is reduced to information parsing when the information available becomes vast. .
Deduction is similar to abduction in the sense that a result is produced for a specific case.
Deduction is subjective and prejudicial.
Deduction is the mechanism used to infer more facts from such knowledge.
Deduction is the process of applying a general rule to a particular case.
Deduction is the process of deriving a conclusion that necessarily follows from a set of premises.
Deduction is the process of determining what is true based on what is already known to be true.
Deduction is the use of known principles to formulate a hypothesis.
Deduction is the way to the right knowledge of things but the way to deduction is induction.
Deduction is used in science, but induction takes the prominent role.
Deduction isa inference.
Deduction isa payment.
Deduction serves to derive information from a received message.
Deduction varies depending on bond denomination selected.
Deductions affected are health insurance and mortgage.
Deductions are applicable to certain situations.
Deductions are cumulative.
Deductions are expenditures used to reduce taxable income.
Deductions are from the assets of each account, including the accumulation and annuity funds.
Deductions are no longer a relevant concept under a sales tax.
Deductions are on an after-tax basis.
Deductions are only available to the employer when funds are actually paid to the employee.
Deductions are pre tax.
Deductions are tax-deferred, as are investment earnings.
Deductions are usually applicable for goods and services in the current month.
Deductions are worth less when tax rates are lower.
Deductions begin upon receipt of legal documents.
Deductions Begin with pay period in which coverage is effective.
Deductions can add up, but credits are by far the better deal.
Deductions can be legal, depending upon the circumstances.
Deductions can be one-time only or a specific amount withheld until a maximum amount is deducted.
Deductions can be tax-exempt.
Deductions can bring down gross weekly earnings to as little as three dollars.
Deductions can include voluntary contributions if they are reasonable.
Deductions come out of the second pay of the month for biweekly paid individuals.
Deductions commence the last day of the month following the month the note is dated.
Deductions continue until canceled by the employee.
Deductions Enter the amounts authorized to be deducted from the employee's pay.
Deductions follow a different schedule than the check due dates.
Deductions have some advantages.
Deductions made by sponsors are tax deductible.
Deductions made for social security are also quite high but the benefits good.
Deductions occur each biweekly pay period and bond is forwarded directly to the owner.
Deductions only reduce tax liability on income that has actually been received.
Deductions provide only a partial offset.
Deductions reduce the amount of income that is subject to tax.
Deductions resume at regular rates in the fall.
Deductions tend to provide the biggest benefits to people who make the most money.
Deductions vary according to current interest rates.
All deductions are on a post-tax basis.
All deductions are subject to visual confirmation if possible.
Any deductions also rests with the employee.
Deductive ability improves and the making of correct connections is now possible.
Deductive analysis requires that some set of assumptions be made.
Deductive argument asserts that the conclusion follows necessarily from the truth of the premises.
Deductive arguments are deductive inferences.
Deductive arguments attempt to prove a conclusion based on already accepted premises.
Deductive arguments draw out conclusions which are already contained in the premises.
Deductive arguments proceed on the basis of logical relations.
Deductive arguments work from general to specific.
All deductive arguments are either probable or improbable.
Deductive database architectures.
Deductive databases allow the specification of such views declaratively.
Deductive databases are paraconsistent theory systems which change over time.
Deductive databases are theory systems which change over time.
Deductive databases manage large quantity of data and, in general, in a set-oriented way.
Deductive inference starts from an assumption.
Deductive inference uses general knowledge to predict a specific occurrence or observation.
Deductive inquiry is based upon the logical assimilation and processing of information.
Deductive logic arrives at specific conclusions based on generalizations.
Deductive logic deals with rules for drawing valid conclusions from assump- tions.
Deductive logic does a lousy job of describing empirical science.
Deductive logic examines arguments in which the conclusion necessarily follows from the premises.
Deductive logic is fine, as far as it goes.
Deductive logic is inferred the effect from the cause, and is very reliable.
Deductive logic is inferrred as much as anything else.
Deductive logic is the process of reasoning from the general to the specific.
Deductive logic is the stricter type of logic.
Most deductive logic assumes that a proposition is either true or false .
Deductive paragraphs begin with the main idea.
Deductive research is based on a closed, non-empirical system.
Deductive research is cumulative and involves constant refining of hypotheses.
Deductive theory is described and utilized throughout.
Deed restriction is required to be recorded for fill-type or other engineered drainfields.
Deed restrictions apply to protect the quality of the neighborhood.
Deed restrictions apply.
Deed restrictions are usually one step up from code compliance or a little more restrictive.
Deed restrictions can be versatile and flexible.
Deed restrictions can contain requirements on the size, style and appearance of a home.
Deed restrictions can have teeth if properly crafted.
Deed restrictions come with the purchase of the property.
Deed restrictions guarantee quality homes in neighborhood.
Deed restrictions prohibit the expansion and the church is asking for a rezoning.
Deed restrictions specify that there be no commercial enterprises on Hog.
Deed restrictions tend to get a bad name, stigma less than desirable.
Some deed restrictions apply.
A deed is an instrument
Deed conveys conditional easement.
Deed expect upon few sixty next ring womens t-shirt.
Deed is Done.
Deed is more important than creed.
Deed is out of order.
Deed is recorded and Final title policy is obtained for the parcel.
Deed is sent to recording.
Deed is signed.
Deed is still very readable.
Deed is 't, mem.
Deed is the manifestation of the heart.
Deed is wild.
Deed knock Facts below bucket via several betting horse race and form through a punishment.
Deed knock Facts below bucket via several card game online and form through a punishment.
Deed knock via a bingo game on the web.
Deed prepare below most land or looking onetouch scanners.
Deed restrict undeveloped sensitive areas to prevent further environmental damage.
Deed settle across the bow consequently prove telecom.
Deeds are accomplishment.
Deeds are alive when the man turns to dust.
Deeds are another primary source which shows land ownership and the changes it undergoes.
Deeds are condensations of thoughts just as rain is a condensation of vapor.
Deeds are formal documents showing ownership and intent for property use.
Deeds are fruits , words are leaves .
Deeds Are generallly available from the earliest date of creation of a county.
Deeds are greater than words.
Deeds are important records.
Deeds are legal documents.
Deeds are legal forms.
Deeds are more complete and go back further in time than other types of records for genealogists.
Deeds are obviously the most widely available records.
Deeds are official contracts transferring property ownership.
Deeds are precious.
Deeds are records of land ownership and transactions.
Deeds are simply the documents used to transfer an interest in real estate and are used only once.
Deeds are the coin of the realm when it comes to fighting terrorism.
Deeds are the crop of faith.
Deeds are the documents used to transfer property.
Deeds Are The Measure Of A Man.
Deeds are the most common type of land record.
Deeds are the principal instruments in the record books.
Deeds are the products.
Deeds are the proof of faith.
Deeds are thus indispensable for all pedigrees even for ancestors who resided in cities.
Deeds are to wives only-i.e.
Deeds are violent, but the style is subdued.
Deeds are what count.
Deeds are what counts . . . .
Deeds can point to a buyer or a seller residing at another place.
Deeds come later and are secondary.
Deeds comes in, and they go out walking.
Deeds convey rights and interests in land between grantors and grantees.
Deeds express consistency of words and action.
Deeds follow close behind in thought.
Deeds have to match words.
Deeds making reference to a tax map are acceptable for recording with the county clerk's office.
Deeds measure a pauper's soul.
Deeds notes that there are differences in walking, hiking, and trekking trips.
Deeds now mark the property line at mean high water line.
Deeds record their buying and selling land.
Deeds require an additional auditor's transfer fee.
Deeds reveal belief.
Deeds reveal the character of the heart.
Deeds reveal the condition of the heart.
Deeds speak louder than documents.
Deeds speak louder than words.
Deeds stands silent in court.
Deeds thus have power beyond words to communicate different things to different people.
Deeds always speak louder than words.
Deeds often give the name of man's wife.
Deeds sometimes prohibit certain changes or additions.
All deeds are public record and free for prying eyes to see.
All deeds are warranty deeds with full covenants except where stated to the contrary.
Every deed states it is near the gun range and is in the development agreement.
Most deeds contain various promises known as covenants.
Some deeds mention other places of residence.
Deeded parking is available in the buildings heated underground garages.
Deep abscesses are more difficult to manage successfully.
Deep acceleration is a numerical technique that helps bring a model toward equilibrium faster.
Deep appreciation is extended to each of the writers.
Some deep aquifers hold water for tens of thousands of years.
Deep area require swimming or climbing up on the plateau.
Deep backyard features large treehouse within fenced area.
Deep bass is limited to dramatic thunder claps, though dynamic range seems to be good.
Deep bedsores are difficult to treat.
Deep belches are common during feeding and suggest contentment.
Deep biopsies are therefore crucial to rule out invasive tumor.
Deep bliss is more accessible.
Deep blue is broken by the white hot flash.
Deep body temperature ranges from cs.
Deep body temperature ranges from degree cs.
Deep bowls are difficult to do well.
Deep breaths rectify the problem.
Deep breathing aggravates.
Deep breathing brings energy to our every cells.
Deep breathing can be an important coping skill to learn.
Deep breathing can be one of the best stress reduction techniques.
Deep breathing can be useful for anyone who has stress.
Deep breathing can help relax tense muscles.
Deep breathing can shake of stress affects and can be done anywhere.
Deep breathing delivers many of the benefits of exercise, including facilitating weight loss.
Deep breathing expands the lungs, aids circulation, and helps prevent pneumonia.
Deep breathing has a balancing effect as well.
Deep breathing has a calming effect on the mind and provides more oxygen to the body tissues.
Deep breathing has a calming effect upon the nervous system.
Deep breathing helps to reduce stress and fear related to memory loss.
Deep breathing helps to release cramps since it increases oxygen availability.
Deep breathing is a benefit of regular exercise.
Deep breathing is a calming breath.
Deep breathing is a door to waking up to healing and to more personal freedom.
Deep breathing is a fundamental relaxation technique.
Deep breathing is a good way to relax.
Deep breathing is a great natural stress releaser anywhere, any time.
Deep breathing is a late sign.
Deep breathing is a relaxation technique that can be self-taught.
Deep breathing is a simple technique in which people concentrate on their breathing patterns.
Deep breathing is a very effective way of relaxing.
Deep breathing is also a major stress-reducing technique.
Deep breathing is an important key to relaxation.
Deep breathing is another method of getting rid of stress.
Deep breathing is another natural energy booster.
Deep breathing is another wonderful relaxation tool that is often more convenient than a workout.
Deep breathing is by far the easiest relaxation technique to learn and practice.
Deep breathing is encouraged during massages, and aroma therapy is utilized with essential oils.
Deep breathing is essential for inner calm and peace.
Deep breathing is essential for safe, healthy, effective voice production.
Deep breathing is essential to the asana.
Deep breathing is fundamental to stress-reduction.
Deep breathing is important to help prevent pneumonia , infection, and re-expand the lung.
Deep breathing is just one relaxation technique.
Deep breathing is no longer just relegated to the practice or yoga or mindful meditation.
Deep breathing is one of the main practical suggestions for fighting anxiety.
Deep breathing is the key.
Deep breathing is the type of exercise that can be done anytime.
Deep breathing is used to increase oxygen to the organs and increase lung capacity.
Deep breathing lowers blood pressure.
Deep breathing puts pressure on the diaphragm, which puts pressure on the bowel.
Deep breathing reduces overall body stress and increases creative mental energy.
Deep breathing reduces paralyzing feelings of panic.
Deep breathing relieves stress- and stress relief is critical to good health.
Deep breathing speeds the process.
Deep breathing triggers the relaxation response which encourages the body to burn fat instead.
Deep breathing works anyplace, anytime to increase the supply of oxygen to muscles and organs.
Deep bullpens are what win in the postseason.
Deep bunkers guard the left and right edges of the green which slopes from front to back.
Deep bunkers guard the right and front.
Deep bunkers lie in wait off the fairway to the right.
Deep bunkers lurk, waiting to trap the ball, an instant stroke penalty.
Deep bunkers surround the green.
Deep burns increase the depth of the marsh, setting back succession to submergent stages.
Deep burns injure the dermis.
Deep burrows contain chambers.
Deep burrows contain circular chambers.
Deep burrows have tunnels.
Most deep burrows contain chambers.
Most deep burrows contain circular chambers.
Most deep burrows have tunnels.
Deep calmness prevails.
Deep canopy gives exceptional protection even in windy weather.
Deep canyon is a good place to make pictires, the river bed is crossed by waterfalls.
Deep canyons extend into the rock mass at several places.
Deep canyons extend offshore.
Deep carving can have many commercial applications as well.
Deep caves lie at the far end.
Deep cells undergo radial intercalation to form a coherent sheet known as the hypoblast.
Many deep cells lie beneath the enveloping layer.
Deep change comes only through real personal growth.
Deep change is systemic in nature.
Deep change takes time and practice.
Deep channels bring salmon close to shore, followed by hungry killer whales.
Deep circulation remains sluggish.
Deep coalitions are at the heart of interdisciplinary cells.
Deep color holds well.
Deep colors look good.
Deep concentration gives rise to the wisdom to understand the truth of the universe.
Deep concentration leads to wisdom.
Deep concern is part of spiritual hunger.
Deep conditioners tend to be thicker, sticking to the hair rather than dripping off.
Deep conditioning affects the outer layer which is called the cuticle.
Deep confusion is a symptom of serious land abuse.
Deep content takes time.
Deep convection develops where the post-frontal easterly ribbon is lifted by the higher terrain.
Deep convection is an integral part of the large-scale meridional ocean circulation.
Deep conversation flows around Swimming in the music.
Deep conversations occur on many levels.
Deep cracks allow heat to penetrate to the core too quickly.
Deep cracks are painful and periodically bleed.
Deep cracks are visible in the fiberglass, rendering the holding tanks uninhabitable.
Deep craters straddle some structures which still stand.
Deep Creek carries estuary perch and at the mouth mullet.
Deep Creek features numerous clean soaking pools with different temperatures.
Deep Creek offers tubing, swimming and hiking.
Deep Creek passes the calamari test with flying colors.
Deep crevices creep within two feet of the thin layer of asphalt.
Deep cuffs protect clothing.
Deep cultivation can damage roots and encourages suckers to develop.
Deep cultivation can damage the roots.
Deep cultivation can prune the crops roots and reduce yield.
Deep cultivation can stunt plants and slow down growth causing fibrous stems.
Deep cultivation injures roots and decreases growth and yield.
Deep cups allow more tone in the lower register.
Deep currents are generally much less intense.
Deep currents move much more slowly and are affected by gravity and density of water.
Deep currents rise to the surface, floating everyone's boat.
Deep currents sweep the rocks and clash as they meet the inland waters of Georgia Strait.
Deep cuts can cause damage to underlying soft tissue, blood vessels and nerves.
Deep cuts can severely damage underlying nerves and tendons, or they can leave scars.
Deep cuts seem to be a foregone conclusion.
Deep cycle charging is almost impossible to do correctly with a manual charger.
Deep dams are preferable to shallow dams to minimise algal use of the sun's energy.
Deep darkness falls.
Deep darkness is a blessing on the meadow.
Deep denim is really cool.
Deep design provides extra sealing strength.
Deep devotion is expressed on all the faces.
Deep dialogue is the encounter between two or more persons with differing views.
Deep differences remain over Cuba's human rights record, however.
Some deep differences remain between the two main parties' views of Britain's labour market.
Deep disagreements abound.
Deep discharge is a leading cause of battery failure.
Deep discharge is the number one cause of premature battery failure.
Deep discounts are available for multiple insertions.
Deep discounts have low coupons offering an investor high principal return and low interest income.
Deep discounters do nothing of the kind.
Deep discussions are also key to avoiding pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases.
Deep ditches can create a safety hazard to motorists, especially on roads with narrow shoulders.
Deep dives are preceded by a pronounced arching of the back.
Deep divers need bones.
Deep divers need dense bones.
Deep divers require less line out, to achieve the appropriate running depth.
Deep divers try to exaggerate their dive response using relaxation techniques.
Deep diversity is an authentic response to real issues in organizations.
More Deep diversity requires more.
Deep diving begins near sunrise and finishes at sunset.
Deep division is now the abiding characteristic of Israeli society.
Deep divisions are evident, which requires greater European harmonization in areas like taxation.
Some deep divisions remain, even at the level of individual locals.
Deep dose is due to penetrating radiations such as x- or gamma radiation.
Deep drawers can accommodate file folders.
Deep drawers hold venipuncture trays.
Deep dust tends to collect in older or worn carpets.
Deep earthquakes are the most common in the Pacific Northwest.
Deep earthquakes occur in areas where oceanic crust is being actively subducted.
Deep ecologists hope to influence social and political change through their philosophy.
Deep ecology arises from a belief in the essential value and interdependence of all forms of life.
Deep ecology is about transforming our way of life.
Deep ecology is an all encompassing philosophical paradigm shift.
Deep ecology is an anti-rationalist philosophy, and therefore difficult to define.
Deep ecology is misunderstood in Chile and grossly distorted.
Deep ecology is neither modernism nor postmodern.
Deep ecology is the hunger and the satisfaction of being an integral part of a whole.
Deep ecology is the philosophy of environmental ethics, the spirituality of Gaia.
Deep ecology leads to direct action.
Deep ecology means different things to different people.
Deep ecology seems to have two heads.
Deep ecology teaches a healthy balance between intervention and restraint.
Deep eddies can be particularly prolific areas.
Deep emotion flows through every page.
Deep emotions are the only authentic truth in life.
Deep emotions erupt when a field hand answers an advert for help.
Deep encounter reveals asteroid's ancestry.
Deep etching is meant to protect the whites from the inking roller.
Deep experience is never peaceful.
Deep experience is often what gets a person started along a deep ecological path.
Deep exploration leads to discoveries.
Most deep exploration leads to discoveries.
Deep extraction removes all soil and spots.
Deep faith is at the heart of all the poems.
Deep fascia is the most extensive of the three.
Deep fear is usually the hidden motivation for conservative action.
Deep feelings can come to light in very positive ways.
Every deep feeling is thus a wax museum statue of itself.
Deep fish are like dreams of surface fish.
Deep fish are still there, but tough to catch.
Deep fissures rend the trunks of the huge eucalyptus trees abutting the kibbutz fence.
Deep fjords backed by bold dark snow sprinkled mountains, are lasting memories.
Deep flames live here.
Deep flats can fish good an hour before or after low tide.
Deep focus is used in a kitchen scene so that the viewer can pick up the name on a cereal box.
Deep forces influence regional development.
Deep forests are the best places to see elk and mule deer, as well as an occasional bear.
Deep forests blanket millions of East Texas acres.
A deep freezer is a household appliance
Deep freezers Run down food stocks.
Deep friendships develop and last.
Deep friendships require cultivation over the years.
Deep frostbite affects the skin and the subcutaneous tissues, as well as the muscle and bone.
Deep frostbite extends to a depth below the skin.
Deep frostbite involves skin, tissue, muscle and bone.
Deep frostbite is characterized by pale, waxy skin.
Deep frostbite is characterized by waxy and pale skin.
Deep frostbite is likely to cause permanent damage.
Deep frostbite is when the frostbite extends down to the tissues and muscles.
Deep frostbite needs to be treated by a trained medical professional.
Deep frustrations find expression in terms of religious, linguistic or ethnic vocabulary.
Deep gas is our exploration niche.
Deep gorges covered by high grass furrow the steep slopes.
Deep grooves abound.
Deep grooves guarantee against slipping.
Deep growls are herd and the hut continues to shake.
Deep guards includes constrained sorts.
Deep guilt is sometimes cumbersome, sometimes slowly punished by art.
Deep gullies are common on some of the hillsides.
Deep gussets ensure snug fit.
Deep gutters reduce the amount of water splashing back in the pool.
Deep handles indicate a larger trading range rather than a small correction in a rising market.
Deep healing is a sensory phenomenon and so are dreams.
Deep healing removes the dross that stops our creativity and growth.
Deep healing takes time and commitment.
Deep heart hurts can result in aura obstructions called heart scars.
Deep hems give flawless appearance.
Deep hemangiomas occur in lower dermis or subcutaneous tissue below the collagen layer.
Deep hibernation is a state in which an animal is inactive for many days or weeks.
Deep holes accompany many of the steps to confound matters.
Deep holes are best.
Deep holes are obviously cooler than shallow bays.
Deep holes are plentiful, and stopping to take a refreshing swim is a side benefit of the trip.
Deep hooking can and does cause fatal injuries to skate.
Deep house is house with a much deeper, fatter bass and more often vocal-less.
Deep hulls rise and become unstable during the grume.
Deep ideas are simple.
Deep images favor expanding universe.
Deep incorporation enhances root growth and uptake efficiency.
Deep inequalities continue to exist.
Deep inlets introduce the mixed liquor into the sludge blanket which is in consequence fluidized.
Deep insemination can enhance sperm delivery.
Deep insertion is used now.
Deep inspiration is difficult.
Deep integration implies lower optimum external tariffs if it is exogenous.
Deep intention embodied with physical actions gives greatest impact and duration.
Deep intimacy is sought by many and achieved by few.
Deep issues come to a boil.
Deep lacerations can cause nerve and tissue damage.
Deep lake contains trout, whitefish, smelt, perch and bass.
Deep Lake looks very appealing on a hot summer's ride.
Many deep lakes situated in the prairie provinces are eutrophic.
Deep layers retain water.
Most deep layers retain water.
Deep leads are gold deposits in former stream beds which have been covered with basaltic lava.
Deep links are common on the internet.
Deep links are links.
Deep links feature great stuff from inside different sites.
Deep links tend to help users.
Deep love endures To the end and far past the end.
Deep love is the kind of love that attaches no conditions.
Deep love seeks special ways to reveal and express itself.
Deep marshes have water up to three feet deep.
Deep massage can be so painful and so irritating to the skin that it often is done only once a week.
Deep massage is likely intolerable.
Deep meaning requires understanding of intentions, culture, context.
Deep meditation is necessary.
Most deep mines are below the level of the local water table.
Deep mining involves digging shafts and tunnels to gain access to the coal seam.
Deep moats separate the habitats from each other and the public.
Deep moats surround the walls, outside which is another trench with low walls and prickly thorns.
Deep mode applies to the target object, as well as all objects it references, and so on.
Deep moisture is in place south of a stationary boundary across the central portion of the state.
Deep moldings create the traditional octagon shape that accentuates the dial.
Deep movement can take thousands of years to exhibit what it has created.
Deep movement is much less visible as it occurs below the surface.
Deep mulch can suffocate plants' roots by stopping free air exchange.
Deep muscle takes longer to cool than tendons or ligaments beneath the skin.
Deep night clears the city of the straight world, as other forms of human and animal life emerge.
Deep notches provide the certainty of the pawl locking, even if the rail is slippery, dirty or icy.
Deep nulls require a high degree of pathlength stability between the two arms of the interferometer.
Deep ocean is no place to hide.
Deep oceans permit better circulation of the water, but shallow seas can be warm and life nurturing.
Deep Ones are able to communicate with humans.
Deep orchids grow in regions.
Most deep orchids grow in regions.
Deep pain evokes the earliest response.
Deep peaks indicates relatively high deposition rates.
Deep penetration ensures a good bond, so only one coat is necessary for maintenance reapplications.
Deep penetration is accomplished by heating.
Some deep penetrations show benefits.
Deep percolation can carry soluble chemicals and fertilizers into ground water.
Deep percolation is the loss of water below the root zone.
Deep percolation is the movement of water below the root zone of the crop.
Deep percolation is the process of water continuing to move through the soil at lower levels.
Deep pessimism continues.
Deep photographs show a faint ring nebula surrounding the star.
Deep pits appear in unexpected locations.
Deep pits appear to be the most popular.
Deep planting can also play a role.
Deep planting can, however, slightly delay early growth and cropping.
Deep planting encourages bulbs to return year after year.
Deep planting increases wind resistance and lengthens the life of the clump.
Deep planting is important because tubers only form between the seed piece and the soil surface.
Deep planting is the most common reason for failure of peonies to bloom.
A deep pocket is an assets
Deep pockets are assets.
Deep pockets are billiard-table pockets that are shaped like cups.
Deep pockets buy the wonders of modern genetics.
Deep pockets can go a long way in staking ones claim in a Web equivalent of the Oklahoma land rush.
Deep pockets can no longer clean themselves of skin and debris.
Deep pockets con only mean the organization.
Deep pockets count too.
Deep pockets drive the legal enviroment.
Deep pockets drive the legal environment.
Deep pockets have time to bide, and they've needed it.
Deep pockets provide freedom, but they still want to shrink wrap and ship.
Deep pockets seem to produce their own financial dilemmas, though.
Deep ponds are difficult to seine if they become overcrowded with bluegill.
Deep ponds are preferable in well lit gardens.
Deep pools are necessary for many aspects of red-legged frogs' life cycle.
Deep pools form in fracture zones and again, rapids form at tributary canyons.
Deep pools give steelhead cool water when shallow areas warm up in the summer.
Deep pools interspersed with riffles provide a variety of places for trout fishing.
Deep pools provide an excellent retreat from summer's penetrating sunshine.
Deep pools require swimming or ropes.
Deep pools retain water.
Deep pools shaded by overhanging oaks, willows and bays provide perfect summer refuge for baby fish.
Most deep pools retain water.
Deep pore cleansing with brushless exfoliation removes comedones detoxifing the skin.
Deep poverty persists in many parts of the world.
Deep powder can and does hide stumps, rocks, logs and icy patches.
Deep prejudice is hard to change.
Deep pressure is applied to release adhesive tissue and restore fluid balance.
Deep processing brings about long-term memory.
Deep processing involves attaching numerous associations to a piece of information.
Deep pullbacks face an extended period of price discovery as trend volatility dissipates.
Deep puncture is contraindicated.
Deep purple falls.
Deep pustules are more common in patients with more severe cases of acne.
Deep quakes are harder to measure at close range.
Deep ravines are often very cold places because sun-light is blocked out.
Deep reading is a function of constant reading.
Deep Reality exists.
Deep recesses indicate a starved chelonian.
Deep red oil holds benefits.
Deep red oil holds many benefits.
Deep red oil holds medical benefits.
Deep red are the sunsets in mystical places.
Deep red are the sun-sets in mystical places.
Deep red indicates an infection .
Deep red is a fully saturated color, while pink is much less saturated.
Deep red is red
Deep red surrounding the motifs, one side a lily on bee cells, the other side leaves on bee cells.
Deep REDS are a product of strontium .
Deep reds seep into foliage knitted close to the ground, so that the hills smolder with quiet fury.
Deep relationships built on a ground of mutual respect are the basis of healing.
Deep relaxation can help relieve pain.
Deep relaxation exercises several times during the day.
Deep relaxation has specific characteristics.
Deep relaxation includes meditation, progressive muscle relaxation, imagery, and yoga.
Deep relaxation is a skill which can be developed and strengthened.
Deep relaxation is beneficial in another way.
Deep relaxation is very important for the effectiveness of the technique.
Deep relaxation offers access to the mind's fascinating storehouse of information.
Deep relaxation works as an antidote to stress.
Deep relaxation works better to relieve fatigue.
Deep ribs allow air to flow under china and crystal, clearing out moisture.
Deep rills cross the plough rows.
Deep River has a great public library that has recently been modernized and extended.
Deep River has much to offer as both a place to visit and live.
Deep River has plenty to offer modern appetites as well.
Deep River is also the home of the Essex Steam Train, a mecca for antique train lovers.
Deep River is blessed with an abundance of open space.
Deep River is quite muddy and moves very slowly, usually less than one mile per hour.
Deep rivers are frightening.
Deep rivers are most susceptible to effects of sediment oxygen demand.
Deep rivers run to it angel pavements are in use.
Deep roots account for a lawn's drought tolerance.
Deep roots allow it to tolerate heat and drought.
Deep roots are better able to withstand drought and extreme cold.
Deep roots are killed, so the plant takes up less water and nutrients.
Deep roots are less likely to soak up water immediately.
Deep roots break up hard soil, trace elements to surface.
Deep roots can move water and nutrients to the shoots even in cold weather.
Deep roots can survive fires.
Deep roots can survive repeated cultivation for several years.
Deep roots help control erosion.
Deep roots help grass withstand the droughts of summer.
Deep roots help keep the soil from sliding and help keep the bank from sloughing.
Deep roots help stabilize steepest slopes.
Deep roots help sunflowers to withstand most droughts.
Deep roots promote greater health and stress tolerance of the grass.
Deep roots provide ample nutrients for fruit development.
Deep roots provide nutrients.
Most deep roots provide nutrients.
Deep rugs cover the floor.
Deep ruts are still visible there today.
Deep ruts made by covered wagons on their westward journey are still visible.
Deep sadness is a natural part of bereavement.
Deep sand exists when conditionare are very dry.
Deep sand exists when conditions are very dry.
Deep sand is nearly impossible to negotiate on a bike, as are swamps, bogs and wet meadows.
Deep sands are unsuitable.
Deep sands underlie the vegetation.
Deep sea angler fish have ability.
Deep sea angler fish have expandable jaws.
Deep sea angler fish have jaws.
Deep sea angler fish have skin.
Deep sea anglerfish have appearances.
Deep sea animals have structures.
Deep sea animals respond to effects.
Deep sea has low temperature.
Deep sea has temperature.
Most deep sea has low temperature.
Most deep sea has temperature.
Deep searches take a bit longer to display the results.
Deep seat allows greater security and comfort for the new rider.
Every deep secret is revealed.
Deep sedation is when the child is asleep for a short period.
Deep shade is cast from a structure resulting in little or no direct sunlight.
Deep shade is defined as an exposure that receives no direct sunlight during the day.
Deep shade reduces vibrancy of leaf color.
Deep shade refers to areas that receive no direct sunlight in spring, summer or fall.
Deep shades are most wonderfully rich.
Deep shades diminish under eye discoloration.
Some deep shades prevent growth.
Deep shadows appear where once hovered the inviting outlines of trees.
Deep shadows surround.
Some deep shafts are covered by barrows.
Deep side slits allow for a comfortable fit and the slightly tapered front gives it shape.
Deep sides hold plenty of water when used as reservoir.
Every deep sigh throws off a portion of the vital energy.
Deep silts are the most retentive of all.
Deep site provides wide-ranging information to promote trade in the region.
Deep sky is, of all visual impressions, the nearest akin to a feeling.
Deep sleep begins to be replaced by longer periods of lighter sleep after age thirty.
Deep sleep is a special condition of it, in which the activity of all functions of awareness cease.
Deep sleep is comparable to quiescence.
Deep sleep is followed by REM sleep.
Deep sleep is necessary for growth and healing.
Deep sleep is the gateway to hibernation.
Deep sleep is the part of sleep that our body and brain needs to recover from the day.
Deep sleep is thought to be the more restful stage of sleep, and important for growth.
Deep snow can cause a motorist to become hung up where the tires no longer touch the ground.
Deep snow can melt into a lot of water.
Deep snow covers a meadow and drapes the branches of the many evergreens.
Deep snow covers plenty of cars, and there is a glaze over all the roads that brings many accidents.
Deep snow drifts, freezing fog, and ice on the road can prevent passage.
Deep snow extends season.
Deep snow favours the large-footed cat.
Deep snow hinders movement on foot.
Deep snow inhibits their ability to move to areas where additional browse is obtainable.
Deep snow is difficult, with snow deeper than three feet forcing moose find other habitat.
Deep snow is typical of the winter season and dry, warm weather is typical of the summer period.
Deep snow occurs in areas.
Deep snow worsens the problem.
Deep snows can greatly inhibit the ability of turkeys to both move about and find food.
Deep snows can make travel difficult.
Deep snows can seriously affect the access to good hunting areas.
Most deep snow occurs in areas.
Some deep snow covers food sources.
Some deep snow covers sources.
Some deep snow provides insulation.
Deep soil layers retain water.
Deep soil has more room for roots than soils with bedrock near the surface.
Deep soil is best.
Deep soil sampling greatly improves nitrogen recommendations for irrigated Crops.
Deep soils can hold more plant nutrients and water than shallow soils with similar textures.
Deep soils favour the development of vertical roots and long-term survival of the crown.
Deep soils have less potential for contamination than shallow soils.
Deep soils hold more water and growth continues longer during dry periods.
Deep soils tend to produce excessively vigorous trees, again with lower yields.
Deep soils tend to produce excessively vigorous trees, also with lower yields.
Deep sores can go down into the muscle, or even to the bone.
Deep sorrow fills their hearts and, grief-stricken, they mournfully think of the departed.
Deep soul is nurtured and fed by mystery.
Deep sounds make lesser noise than shallow fords.
Deep space is a region
Deep space satellites with on-board coherent transponder.
Deep spirituality is what's called for.
Deep spring plowing can destroy overwintering leafminer pupae.
Some deep squids produce and release luminescent ink.
Deep star counts.
Deep stops are relatively similar with no real dependable methodology.
Deep strings descend to where The Soul Sleeps , a beautiful, though somber place.
Deep structure is structured.
Deep summer is when laziness finds respectability.
Deep suspicion is a major stumbling block between the government and private sector.
Deep suspicions remain, however.
Deep synergy is infinitely expandable.
Deep tank allows for easy emersion of hand and wrist, foot and ankle, or elbow.
Deep tanks offer the following advantages.
Deep task lead to increased activation of the left inferior prefrontal cortex .
Deep teaching is characterized more by mood than by method.
Deep team reports on each major program.
Deep things require deep ponderers.
Deep thinkers are few and far between.
Deep thought is needed to find lasting solutions.
Deep thoughts permeate from every page.
Deep thoughts vanish with the appearance of an eastbound.
Deep throat is everyman's fantasy.
Deep thrombophlebitis is more likely to cause pain, tenderness, and swelling of the entire limb.
Deep thrusts can become uncomfortable as the months pass.
Deep tillage breaks up and rearranges the structural blocks that occur below the surface.
Deep tillage causes rapid losses of stored soil moisture.
Deep tillage is also beneficial.
Deep tillage is generally harmful to earthworms.
Deep tillage is generally more effective than shallow tillage for effective control.
Deep tillage tends to select for species with dormant, long-lived seed.
Deep time is the billions of years that cover the Earth's history.
Deep time makes it impossible to imagine historical beginning and ending.
Deep time means time extending over millions of years.
Deep tissue bleeding, typically in the form of hemarthroses, is seen in hemophiliacs.
Deep tissue is very similar.
Deep tracks indicate a large heavy animal.
Deep transformations take time.
Deep tread can make a big difference in safety and traction on wet roads.
Every deep trip is a great one.
Deep tubes are unlikely to be discovered from orbit or from the surface.
Deep tunnels can also take different forms.
Deep ulcers can puncture holes in the bowel wall, which can lead to infection.
Deep understanding involves themes, models, and patterns of creative learning.
Deep understanding makes every action safer and more effective, and leads to improvement.
Deep understandings are possible, when patience is applied.
Deep valleys rise from the lake to massive glaciers in the heart of the North Cascade Mountains.
Deep valleys rise from the lake to massive glaciers in the heart of the North Cascades.
Deep water are complex laws and shallow water are simple ones.
Deep water can cause serious damage to a modern car's electrical system.
Deep water can retard light penetration.
Deep water clams with two pairs of simple bipectinate gills used only for respiration.
Deep water dock for larger craft.
Deep water filters out ordinary cosmic radiation background from above.
Deep water has little or no dissolved oxygen.
Deep water is a desperation move.
Deep water is considered prime, fish holding structure.
Deep water is located in waterfalls.
Deep water is trouble
Deep water is trouble.
Deep water is vital to growing and sustaining trophy crappies.
Deep water is, of course, the haven of safety for nearly all fish life.
Deep water means different things in different places.
Deep water offers opportunity to develop muscle, balance, endurance, and aerobic conditioning.
Deep water poses a great concern to drive train components.
Deep water remains more stable.
Deep water returns to surfaces.
Deep water starts.
Deep water works differently than shallow water.
Deep waters are high in nutrients because of the rain of organic particles from the surface.
Deep waters are usually cooler than shallow waters simply because they require more time to warm up.
Deep waters are warmer than shoal waters in winter.
Deep waters carry all of the oxygen to the deep sea.
Deep waters moving northward can only pass through the gaps in the ridges into other basins.
Deep waters stir here.
Deep wells achieve low dc resistance, but have very small benefit in reducing ac impedance.
Deep wells are safer than shallow wells.
Deep wells are usually safe sources of water.
Deep wells produce warm water, because there is a lot of heat coming from the core of the earth.
Deep wells provide an adequate supply of water for most domestic and municipal uses.
Deep wells provide some water for irrigation and livestock and for domestic needs.
Deep wells provide the water.
Deep wells provide water for some irrigation.
Most deep wells use submersible pumps.
Deep woods line the asphalt.
Deep wounds heal slowly.
Deep wrinkles appear around the lips, and forehead lines deepen.
Deepened sleep becomes more peaceful with an outlet for the release of tension and agitation.
Deeper analysis is in progress.
Deeper analysis is just another mouse click away.
Deeper analysis leads to a more persistent race.
Deeper applications can create undesirable soil conditions.
Deeper basins tend to be larger than shallower basins.
Deeper bends increase force across the knee.
Deeper blues become jewel-like when complemented with reds or greens.
Deeper breaths exhale more carbon dioxide, and faster breathing the same.
Deeper burns require a lot more.
Deeper cable sees more total soil resistance.
Deeper changes are also afoot.
Deeper colors are at the points.
Deeper colors gaining favor include royal blue, deep purple, burgundy, and gold.
Deeper commitment involves an even greater investment.
Deeper comparisons require money, time and special expertise.
Deeper consideration reveals serious dangers .
Deeper consideration reveals serious dangers.
Deeper containers are best for optimum aeration and drainage.
Deeper conviction makes brighter faith.
Deeper cups can require the stock to double in price before the buy signal is even completed.
Deeper cups produce more spin while shallower ones reduce spin and increase distance.
Deeper curbs risk damaging the waterline.
Deeper currents depend on water pressure, temperature, and salt content.
Deeper design provides stronger leak-free connections.
Deeper digging is necessary.
Deeper discounts are available based on volume.
Deeper discounts are available for larger orders.
Deeper earthquakes are common beneath southern Alaska and the Aleutian Islands.
Deeper events predominate over explosive events.
Deeper excavation is desirable when no grouting exists outside the casing.
Much deeper forces are now at work binding the two together in the Pacific.
Deeper friendship is the next stage of principled romance.
Deeper frostbite occurs when the lower layers of tissue also freeze.
Deeper grooves provide protection and reduce friction of the thread.
Deeper hypoglycemia seems to produce quicker and more profound medical results.
Deeper infections require completely different care.
Some deeper insight is needed.
Deeper investigation reveals multiple other problems including gambling with city funds.
Deeper issues are important.
Deeper keels get the ballast lower in the boat, which helps sail carrying ability.
Deeper layers form more slowly.
Deeper lesions are the ones most likely to cause problems.
Deeper lesions tend to metastasize rapidly through the lymphatic and circulatory systems.
Deeper meaning is to be found by clicking on selected graphics throughout the site.
Deeper parts have a sandy bottom with silt and clay mixed in, and glacial till in the fringe areas.
Deeper parts show up as darker areas.
Deeper pink veins and glowing green throat.
Deeper planting can delay emergence.
Deeper planting encourages branching.
Deeper plantings are possible in lighter soils than in heavy soils .
Deeper plantings lessen the danger of injuring roots or crowns during future tillage operations.
Deeper plantings seem to reduce the stress exerted by wind on young plants.
Deeper pressure is used to check for deeper changes.
Deeper principles explain the success of the developed societies.
Deeper release is more likely to allow awareness of energy .
Deeper resolution is replaced by boominess.
Deeper respiration brings in the muscles of the chest wall, so that the ribs move too.
Deeper roots increase grass vigor and drought tolerance.
Deeper rooting helps the plant withstand lodging and leads to higher yields.
Deeper rooting provides greater stress resistance.
Deeper skirts are available upon request.
Deeper skirts increase the water current loading on the boom.
Deeper sleep comes, more hell, more separation.
Deeper soil permits closer spacing of plants.
Deeper solution has a longer tray life.
Deeper spots are usually darker, with an antiqued look.
Deeper swims provide great winter fishing too.
Deeper symptoms exist which are harder to detect but which are every bit as real and dangerous.
Deeper toms provide more tone and body, for a fatter sound.
Deeper tunnels lead to nests and food storage chambers.
Deeper underground implies a higher pressure.
Deeper understanding is sacrificed for politeness.
Deeper units are also more maneuverable.
Deeper vessels require a longer wavelength to allow penetration.
Deeper voices carry more authority for men and women.
Deeper water rises into the photic zone, carrying nutrients with it.
Deeper water supports longer waves.
Deeper wells are more expensive to drill and require more electricity to pump water.
Deeper wells tap water in older sediments which have by now been flushed clean of arsenic.
Deeper wells tend to have fewer problems than shallow wells.
Deeper wounds result in damage to the veins and arteries.
Deepest horizon is Precambrian, and shallowest is Cretaceous.
Deepest sympathy is extended to all.
Deepest sympathy is extended to the bereaved parents and relatives.
Deepest sympathy is extended to the family.
Deepwater access is available through the association dock.
Most deepwater fisheries are today overfished or in danger of depletion.
Deepwater mooring is available.
Deer antler has relatively high credibility and reputation in the health care products.
Deer antlers are a different kind of growth.
Deer antlers can grow up to two centimetres a day.
Deer antlers hang over the front door.
Deer boars rely on presence.
Deer brush can outcompete conifer seedlings for root space, water, and nutrients.
Deer brush is apparently a weak sprouter after fire.
Deer bucks have antlers.
Deer bucks weigh pounds.
Deer cave is huge, home to millions of bats.
Deer Creek gets more than rafters, it gets hikers from the rim too.
Deer Creek has a driving range, a practice bunker with a very steep lip, and a putting green.
Deer Creek has additional habitat available currently than historically.
Deer Creek has groups that meet every day of the week.
Deer Creek holds up well in that respect, too.
Deer Creek is a fabulous course in Durham.
Deer Creek is a popular put and take trout fishing stream.
Deer Creek is a pretty and fairly good sized creek that run all year round.
Deer Creek is also a fader's golf course.
Deer Creek is located in the heart of Ohio's farm country.
Deer Creek is now a popular put and take trout stream.
Deer Creek is one of the Indianapolis Area's finest golf courses and best kept secrets.
Deer Creek is the best place to hear any band.
Deer Creek is the best place to see a concert.
Deer Creek offers tubing and put and take trout fishing.
Deer creek remains high.
Deer Creek runs directly next to the Inn.
Deer eyes shine bright green, while raccoon eyes shine yellow-gold.
Deer farms receive additional support for the presence of tigers and leopards on or near the farm.
Deer farming has a promising future as an alternative agricultural enterprise.
Deer farming is no longer a back-woods, hobbyist operation.
Deer fences are costly and almost never worth the expense and effort.
Deer fences are the only legal, somewhat effective control measure.
A deer fern is a fern
Deer fern is probably top-killed by fire.
Deer ferns are even less abundant.
Deer flies are a genus that belongs to the family commonly called horse-flies.
Deer flies are active for the most part during daylight hours but a few feed after dark.
Deer flies are bothersome.
Deer flies are day biters, produce a painful bite, and frequently draw blood in the process.
Deer flies are flies.
Deer flies are usually active for specific periods of time during the summer.
Deer flies are usually most active in the early morning and late evening.
Deer flies are usually smaller and more colorful than horse flies.
Deer flies can be a problem later in the summer.
Deer flies can be pests to cattle, horses, and humans.
Deer flies have a one year life cycle.
Deer flies prefer wet breeding sites and horse flies prefer wet soil near water.
Deer flies seem to be attracted to moving objects and dark shapes.
Deer flies tend to bite around the head and neck areas.
Most deer flies require a blood meal to develop eggs.
Some deer flies carry bacteria that cause a disease called tularemia in rabbits and hares.
Deer grass has ranges.
Most deer grass has ranges.
Deer hooves slip on pavement.
A deer hunter is a hunter
Deer hunters are careful with fire when properly approached.
Deer hunters are films.
Deer hunters are hunters.
Deer hunters are people with a community of interest, regardless of where they reside.
Deer hunters are the most common visitors.
Deer hunters can also attest that fewer deer in the woods is also result.
Deer hunters can carry only buckshot, sabot rounds, or rifled slug while hunting.
Deer hunters come in their season.
Deer hunters enter areas.
Deer hunters enter hunt areas.
Deer hunters find the open brush prairie extremely challenging.
Deer hunters look forward to next year's season all year long.
Deer hunters manage deer populations by taking antlerless deer.
Deer hunters provide all their own hunting equipment and pack out their own deer.
Deer hunters react to a rack.
Deer hunters report abundant squirrels in the woods yet.
Deer hunters report success seeing bucks last week with the beginning of the rut.
Deer hunters take stands on the hardwood bottoms that slice through the sprawling pine plantations.
Every deer hunter knows that bucks usually mind their own business.
Every deer hunter wants a big buck.
Many deer hunters are amazed at how hard hogs can be to outwit.
Many deer hunters find hunting from an elevated stand to be advantageous.
Many deer hunters participate in more than one season.
Most deer hunters do everything they can to tips the odds in their favor.
Most deer hunters enter areas.
Most deer hunters enter hunt areas.
A deer hunting is a hunting
Deer hunting are hunts.
Deer hunting can exist without deer management.
Deer hunting can put men with clogged arteries at risk of a heart attack.
Deer hunting gets a lot of attention, but there are sections devoted to turkey and big game as well.
Deer hunting is a favorite fall pastime as is bird, duck, and goose hunting.
Deer hunting is a favorite fall pastime, as is duck and goose hunting.
Deer hunting is a low-profile activity in that hunters are usually alone and deep in the bush.
Deer hunting is a passion and way of life for many in our population.
Deer hunting is a popular, though controversial, sport.
Deer hunting is a tremendous business in that part of the woods.
Deer hunting is a true sport.
Deer hunting is abundant in the fall.
Deer hunting is also available.
Deer hunting is also divided into seasons for archery, muzzle load and firearm.
Deer hunting is an important part of New York's heritage.
Deer hunting is an important seasonal attraction.
Deer hunting is available for archery, muzzleloader, and rifle season.
Deer hunting is available from comfortable box stands during the legally set hunting season.
Deer hunting is especially good here, and trout fishing can be excellent.
Deer hunting is excellent on the island.
Deer hunting is fair with an expanding population.
Deer hunting is for country squires and gentleman sportsmen.
Deer hunting is good also.
Deer hunting is hr.
Deer hunting is limited to bows, muzzleloaders, and shotguns with slugs.
Deer hunting is one.
Deer hunting is permitted in season.
Deer hunting is permitted seasonally.
Deer hunting is restricted to archery only.
Deer hunting is some of the best in the state.
Deer hunting is very popular in the area.
Deer hunting remains the primary method of deer management in Maryland and across the nation.
All deer hunting is by draw only.
All deer hunting is done on private and leased land.
Deer Island is a photographer's paradise.
Deer Island recycles all the waste water from forty-two cities and towns.
Deer Isle is located in the northeast corner of Penobscot Bay.
Deer jerky is in the desk drawer.
Deer Lake continues to recover from effects of past municipal and industrial discharges.
Deer Lake is a beautiful inland lake with excellent swimming and picnic facilities.
Deer Lake is a recreational development lake.
Deer Lake is the place to stop and stock up on fresh local strawberries for the drive ahead.
Deer management improves every time a hunter sends in a report card.
Deer management is a common practice with hunting leases sold over much of the area.
Deer management is a long-term management objective.
Deer management is a part of a much larger and comprehensive effort to manage natural ecosystems.
Deer management is increasingly a challenge with the loss of large tracts of open space for hunting.
Deer management is just an extension of that way of thinking.
Deer meat has virtually no fat, and the thigh is a choice cut and, indeed, delicious.
Deer meat is naturally succulent, but they somehow managed to ruin it.
Deer meat needs to be processed immediately.
Deer Mountain offers night skiing on weekends.
A deer mouse is a wood mouse
Deer mice are able to breed throughout the year, but most often breed in spring and early fall.
Deer mice are active year around, but are more likely to move inside in the early spring and fall.
Deer mice are everywhere.
Deer mice are fond of honey and sometimes rob a hive in midwinter.
Deer mice are grayish to reddish brown with white underparts.
Deer mice are medium sized rodents, with large eyes, and large naked ears.
Deer mice are often the first animals to invade an area that has been burned .
Deer mice are the primary carriers of the hanta virus.
Deer mice can also transmit the virus to humans through bites.
Deer mice carry hantavirus.
Deer mice drop their scats and urinate in and around the nest site.
Deer mice enter structures.
Deer mice excrete the virus in urine, faeces, and saliva.
Deer mice have forelimbs.
Deer mice have four toes on the forefeet and five toes on the hind feet.
Deer mice have many adaptations to the various habitats of South Dakota.
Deer mice have round and slender bodies.
Deer mice have shorter forelimbs than hind limbs.
Deer mice have small bodies.
Deer mice have the ability to adapt very well to drastic changes between high and low.
Deer mice hoard food supplies and actively forage for food near their nesting sites.
Deer mice live in all parts of Washington, but mainly in rural areas.
Deer mice live in woodlands.
Deer mice live up to years.
Deer mice occur in many different habitats, including forests, chaparral, brush, and grasslands.
Deer mice occur throughout most of North America and are abundant in most areas.
Deer mice range in color from pale grey to reddish brown.
Deer mice share habitats.
Deer mice share similar habitats.
Deer mice shed the virus in their urine, saliva, and droppings.
Deer mice spread hantavirus in their droppings, urine, saliva and nesting material.
Deer mice spread the virus in their urine, saliva, droppings, and nesting materials.
Deer mice take food.
Deer mice use and maintain several home sites or refuges within the home range.
Deer mouses are wood mouses.
Most deer mice enter structures.
Most deer mice have forelimbs.
Most deer mice live in woodlands.
Most deer mice live up to years.
Most deer mice share similar habitats.
Most deer mice take food.
Some deer mice eat insect larvae.
Some deer mice eat insects.
Some deer mice eat larvae.
Some deer mice feed on bait.
Some deer mice have color.
Some deer mice have dark color.
Some deer mice live in prairie.
Deer Park cares.
Deer Park commands awe-inspiring vistas of nearby Olympic peaks.
Deer Park has a cadre of senior volunteers who work each week for several hours a day.
Deer Park is a northern suburb of Houston.
Deer Park is an industrial suburb on the Houston Ship Channel.
Deer Park is another remote Lake Superior stopping point, worthy of a look-see.
Deer Park is available for events year 'round.
Deer Park is no exception.
Deer Park is so very fortunate to have so many wonderful senior volunteers.
Deer Park needs a boys basketball coach.
Deer Park s rolling, heavily wooded terrain offers a beautiful setting to enjoy a round of golf.
Deer season is a big thing around here.
Deer season is endless.
Deer season is just around the corner, so here are some tips on how to be prepared for opening day.
Deer season is nearly over.
Deer season is right around the corner, and they love clover.
Deer seasons are generous.
Deer seasons overlap with upland and waterfowl seasons.
All deer seasons are good.
A deer tick is a tick
Deer ticks are about half the size of the American dog tick.
Deer ticks are about the size of a period in the newspaper.
Deer ticks are active from spring until late fall.
Deer ticks are also prevalent.
Deer ticks are around.
Deer ticks are much smaller than common dog and cattle ticks.
Deer ticks are quite small and painless that makes detection difficult.
Deer ticks are small, dark-colored ticks sometimes called seed ticks.
Deer ticks are smaller than a pinhead and the young are barely visible.
Deer ticks are smaller than the common dog tick.
Deer ticks are smaller than the head of a pin and have a painless bite.
Deer ticks are smaller, about the size of a pencil point, and are more difficult to find.
Deer ticks are still active and very abundant.
Deer ticks are the most common host for the disease.
Deer ticks are tiny.
Deer ticks are usually small, no bigger than the head of a pin.
Deer ticks are usually tiny, no larger than the head of a pin.
Deer ticks are very small and hard to visualize.
Deer ticks are very small.
Deer ticks attach to clothing and then walk upward.
Deer ticks can carry lyme disease.
Deer ticks can feed on dogs.
Deer ticks carry all three diseases.
Deer ticks feed on blood by inserting their mouth parts into the skin.
Deer ticks feed on many animals including mice, rabbits and domestic animals.
Deer ticks grab onto feet and legs and then crawl up.
Deer ticks have a three-stage life cycle.
Deer ticks take two years to complete their life cycle.
Deer ticks tend to favor wooded areas, high grasses, marshes, and beaches.
Some deer ticks are only the size of pinheads.
Deer Valley is a big place.
Deer Valley is a groomer lover's heaven.
Deer Valley is a sedate hideaway of groomed, gentle slopes.
Deer Valley is another resort where the Utah alpine ski team trains.
Deer Valley is classified as a world class resort with special attention to personalized service.
Deer Valley is more then a vacation - it is an adventure in quality.
Deer Valley is one of the best laid-out resorts in Utah.
Deer Valley is one of the prominent and most popular ski resorts in Utah.
Deer Valley is one of Utah s stranger mountains.
Deer Valley is right up against rider-friendly Park City.
Deer Valley is the most expensive resort in the area.
Deer Valley is the ultimate skiing experience.
Deer Valley limits the number of skiers on the mountain every day to avoid overcrowded trails.
Deer Valley offers an extensive array of group and private lessons for various ages and abilities.
Deer Valley offers lift-accessed hiking.
Deer Valley provides lift-accessed hiking.
Deer Valley treats everyone like royalty.
Deer women appear before men sometimes in such circumstances.
A deer is a ruminant
Deer abound all over as well as raccoons, fox, and a few mountain lions.
Deer abound there as well as in the canyon which seems to be a migratory route.
Deer acquire infection.
Deer adapt physiologically as well as behaviorally to the changes of season.
Deer adapt to environments.
Deer also eat weed.
Deer appear in countries.
Deer are a continuing problem year round.
Deer are a deadly and costly driving hazard on Wisconsin highways.
Deer are a fact of life for gardeners in much of the country.
Deer are a fecund species, and they produce multiple offspring when stressed.
Deer are a fixture in the meadows, and bobcats and coyotes sometimes venture out in the daylight.
Deer are a food specie like cows pigs, and chickens.
Deer are a lot faster than elk and can leap much higher.
Deer are a main food source for cougars, which are a protected species in California.
Deer are a monophyletic group.
Deer are a natural part of Indiana and a valuable resource.
Deer are a road hazard, particularly in the early morning and late evening, night hours.
Deer are a species that have been born and bred for the sole purpose of being killed for recreation.
Deer are a successful species because of their adaptability to most environments.
Deer are a unique group of mammals recognized for their grace and beauty.
Deer are abundant and readily seen.
Deer are abundant here as well.
Deer are abundant in the fall, winter and spring.
Deer are abundant, as well as small mammals and birds.
Deer are abundant, even around the visitors center.
Deer are abundant.
Deer are active and in rut.
Deer are all around the region,as are racoons,skunks,groundhogs,and squirrels.
Deer are all over the place.
Deer are also common in the park.
Deer are also incredible jumpers.
Deer are also more susceptible and suffer a more severe form of the disease than commercial cattle.
Deer are also notoriously problematic for homeowners, especially in winter.
Deer are also outstanding swimmers and jumpers.
Deer are also plentiful in the park.
Deer are also suspect, so stick to farming and collecting berries instead.
Deer are amazing creatures.
Deer are among the wildlife that use the hedgerow for food.
Deer are an almost common sight.
Deer are an ancient Chinese symbol of longevity.
Deer are an important preferred host for the adult ticks.
Deer are an important source of food for many people.
Deer are an obvious exception.
Deer are apparently in a negative energy balance and lose weight during most winter.
Deer are beautiful and shy animals, but beware of their hooves.
Deer are beautiful leaping in the snow.
Deer are big and stinky.
Deer are born with four baby teeth and develop baby incisors and premolars in their first months.
Deer are born with four teeth on their lower jaw.
Deer are browsers that are attracted to the tender growth of strawberries in both spring and fall.
Deer are browsers, feeding mainly on leaves.
Deer are busy caring for newborn fawns.
Deer are by far the most common, and most commonly wasted hides in North America.
Deer are classified as animals.
Deer are common and can be taken with shotgun, bow or muzzle-loading rifle.
Deer are common in Michigan.
Deer are common in the park and, on occasion, a moose is sighted.
Deer are common throughout the state, but are particularly abundant in southern counties.
Deer are common, along with the occasional moose.
Deer are common, and the park is also home to eagles, cranes, turkeys and bobcats.
Deer are common, as are songbirds, hawks, and vultures.
Deer are common, while mink and otters can sometimes be seen in the marsh.
Deer are common.
Deer are commonly brown or tan, with some species displaying piebald coloring.
Deer are considered ruminant animals or animals that chew their food twice.
Deer are crazy about many flowering plants.
Deer are creatures of habit and usually stay in a small home range, about one square mile.
Deer are creatures of habit.
Deer are crepuscular in their activity patterns.
Deer are crepuscular, which means they are most active at dawn and dusk.
Deer are dangerous.
Deer are definitely different in what they eat from area to area.
Deer are especially active at night.
Deer are especially susceptible.
Deer are examples of competition within a species.
Deer are excellent swimmers as well as jumpers.
Deer are extremely adaptive garden pests.
Deer are extremely common and can be seen year round.
Deer are extremely plentiful in many areas.
Deer are extremely productive animals.
Deer are fast runners and swimmers.
Deer are fast.
Deer are fat and their fur is best before winter.
Deer are featured in many family, corporate, governmental and educational coats of arms.
Deer are frequently on roadsides now.
Deer are fringe animals.
Deer are ghostlike in their effortless movements .
Deer are great at the high jump but have trouble judging distance.
Deer are gregarious.
Deer are heedless of danger during the rut.
Deer are herbivores and are very adaptable to changing foraging conditions.
Deer are herbivores and eat grass, leaves, shoots and bark off trees.
Deer are herbivores, and they consume an amazing variety of plant material, mostly at dawn and dusk.
Deer are herbivores, they eat plants.
Deer are herbivores.
Deer are highly adaptable to changes in their environment.
Deer are host or carriers of brainworm without suffering any ill effects.
Deer are hunted using a variety of methods but two are particularly popular.
Deer are in rut and the turkey season is over.
Deer are in the peak of the rut.
Deer are incredibly numerous and absolutely everywhere at all hours of the day and night.
Deer are just about everywhere.
Deer are just like humans with allergic reactions to some chemicals.
Deer are located in ecosystems.
Deer are located in environments.
Deer are located in forests.
Deer are located in regions.
Deer are located on grass.
Deer are located on ground.
Deer are member of families.
Deer are mobile, often traveling several miles each day.
Deer are more active in the daytime when the moon is visible.
Deer are more likely to be looking for danger inland.
Deer are more of a problem in spring when they eat tender new growth.
Deer are more of a threat.
Deer are more shy.
Deer are more vulnerable to coyotes during deep snow periods.
Deer are most abundant during winter months.
Deer are most active around dawn and dusk.
Deer are most active at dawn and dusk.
Deer are most active at night.
Deer are most hungry early spring and late winter because natural food supplies are gone.
Deer are most likely to be affected.
Deer are most likely to be out and about around dusk and dawn.
Deer are most social during winter- when food is scarce.
Deer are most vulnerable on the opening day of the season.
Deer are native to the area.
Deer are native wildlife and are regulated by the Wildlife Code of Missouri.
Deer are notable jumpers and can easily clear fences up to six feet tall.
Deer are notorious garden eaters.
Deer are now heavier and produce more fawns.
Deer are now on the move with bucks becoming more active.
Deer are numerous, as well as elk in the early spring and fall.
Deer are numerous, be careful driving at dusk and dawn.
Deer are often a major staple in cougar diet along with some smaller prey.
Deer are often habitual in their activities.
Deer are often in the yard, too.
Deer are on the move with lots of hunters in the field.
Deer are one of the reasons that the ancient woodland has so many diverse species of native plants.
Deer are opportunistic feeders.
Deer are our current problem.
Deer are particularly vulnerable during deep snow conditions when coyotes often pack up to hunt.
Deer are perhaps the worst menace to anyone rying to grow fruit trees.
Deer are picky eaters and they have an order of preference for eating plants.
Deer are plentiful and almost anything of lesser stature has been seen on a trail by someone.
Deer are plentiful in a forest which always provides good hunting.
Deer are plentiful in the park.
Deer are plentiful in the Texas hill country.
Deer are plentiful.
Deer are polygamous, meaning that a buck can breed many does.
Deer are polygamous.
Deer are pretty quick up here, even in the rocks.
Deer are primarily forbs eaters while cattle are primarily grass eaters.
Deer are quick and agile animals.
Deer are quite plenty here.
Deer are reddish brown in summer and grayish in winter.
Deer are ruminants .
Deer are ruminants and have multi chambered stomachs similar to cows.
Deer are ruminants, meaning that they bring their food back up to chew it again.
Deer are ruminants, meaning they are equipped with a four-chambered stomach.
Deer are ruminants, meaning they have four-chambered stomachs.
Deer are selective feeders and seek out preferred plant species.
Deer are selective feeders.
Deer are skittish and move more quickly when they hear a hunter approaching.
Deer are so abundant, they literally use the town as part of their trail system.
Deer are so adaptable they are found in every county.
Deer are sociable, but only within their own sex.
Deer are social and often move in herds dominated by an older female.
Deer are social animals and often move in herds dominated by an older female.
Deer are social creatures and, much like man, have a definite social structure.
Deer are sometimes a problem in the fall.
Deer are still plentiful in the mountains around, but the bear are comparatively scarce.
Deer are still somewhat spooky after the gun deer season.
Deer are strict vegetarians.
Deer are such a pretty animal.
Deer are susceptible to the disease as well as sheep, pigs and cattle.
Deer are territorial and usually have a home range of one square mile.
Deer are the first to show up for a melon feed.
Deer are the main prey together with smaller animals, including insects, according to local species.
Deer are the most commonly seen mammals.
Deer are the most important game mammal in the eastern United States.
Deer are the only animals that grow antlers.
Deer are the only animals that have antlers.
Deer are the only common large mammal while mink and otters come ashore occasionally.
Deer are the primary hosts for the adult deer ticks, and are key to their reproductive success.
Deer are their favorite prey.
Deer are their main food source.
Deer are their primary food sources, and the presence of deer indicates likely presence of cougars.
Deer are true edge species and do best where there is a mix of stands of various ages.
Deer are ubiquitous, as well as squirrels.
Deer are ubiquitous, as well as the squirrel.
Deer are ungulates, which means that they have two-toed hoofs.
Deer are unpredictable.
Deer are vegetarians, feeding primarily on buds, leaves, branches, and fruits of trees and shrubs.
Deer are vegetarians.
Deer are very abundant in many parts of the country.
Deer are very active in the area and car-deer accidents are increasing.
Deer are very adaptable and are becoming a common problem in urban home landscapes.
Deer are very common and quite tame.
Deer are very easy to hunt down.
Deer are very good jumpers.
Deer are very good runners.
Deer are very much aware of the signs they leave in the snow.
Deer are very much like goats.
Deer are very popular around here.
Deer are very smart animals.
Deer are very susceptible to motorists in spring as they feed on roadside greenery.
Deer are very unpredictable.
Deer are very visible, even in daytime.
Deer are very, very big squirrels.
Deer are well-adapted to notice and meet danger.
Deer are what is know as a a fecund species, and they produce multiple offspring when stressed.
Deer are widespread and common.
Deer are Wisconsin's favorite wild animal.
Deer are woodland ruminants.
Deer are worth a lot of money.
Deer are, after all, an essential part of the make up of ancient woodland.
Deer are, after all, the most popular big-game animal among Canadian hunters.
Deer are, of course, susceptible to rabies.
Deer attain height.
Deer attract deer.
Deer attract hunters.
Deer avoid enemies.
Deer avoid people.
Deer avoid predators.
Deer become accustomed to being fed at feeding sites and soon lose their fear of humans.
Deer become confused by the two barriers.
Deer become reliant when fed.
Deer belong to a suborder of hoofed animals called ruminants, i.e. cud-chewing animals.
Deer blend very well with their environment but are very sensitive to every sound or movement.
Deer breed once a year.
Deer browse chinese privets.
Deer browse grass.
Deer browse on bushes.
Deer browse on foliage.
Deer browse on leaves.
Deer browse on plants.
Deer browse plants.
Deer browse prairie grass.
Deer browse privets.
Deer browse the foliage and twigs.
Deer browse the plants and ruffed grouse eat the leaves and twig tips.
Deer browse the twigs and leaves, rabbits eat the bark, and honeybees are attracted to the flowers.
Deer browse the twigs and young leaves.
Deer browse the twigs in the winter and the leaves and succulent growth during spring and summer.
Deer browse the twigs, buds and leaves.
Deer browse the young shoots.
Deer browse the young twigs and leaves.
Deer browsing in orchards causes serious economic losses.
Deer build layers of fat during the summer and fall to prepare for winter.
Deer can be a danger to people during rut and fawning seasons.
Deer can be an important part of the dispersal and development of some fungi.
Deer can be major problem with edible tulips and lilies.
Deer can be more subtle.
Deer can be pests when their population gets out of control.
Deer can be pretty vicious.
Deer can be trickier, but selecting deer resistant varieties of shrubs can help.
Deer can be very damaging too young trees when terminal buds are nipped off.
Deer can be very elusive.
Deer carry a brainworm that is potentially fatal to moose.
Deer carry genes.
Deer carry organisms.
Deer carry parasites.
Deer carry worm parasites.
Deer change locations.
Deer chew cuds.
Deer chew grass.
Deer chew leaves.
Deer chew off the buds, eat the fruit if there is any, and even munch on the branches.
Deer chew vegetation.
Deer come down to the water to drink.
Deer come from forests.
Deer come from habitats.
Deer come running at the sound of their names.
Deer come through in packs of three or four late at night.
Deer come to feed in the front yard.
Deer come to the marsh to feed.
Deer come up to the house.
Deer compete for food.
Deer compete for mates.
Deer concentrate their feeding on woody materials when herbaceous plants are unavailable.
Deer consider poplars a delicacy.
Deer consume amounts.
Deer consume food.
Deer consume fruit.
Deer consume seeds.
Deer consume the undergrowth and destroy young plants.
Deer cover much of the country and are one of the most hunted game.
Deer cross fields.
Deer cross meadows.
Deer cross pasture.
Deer cross roads.
Deer damage foliage.
Deer damage leaves.
Deer damage plants.
Deer definitely prefer some plants over others.
Deer depend on meadows.
Deer depend on scent more than anything else.
Deer depend on their sense of smell to avoid predators, including man.
Deer depend on vegetation.
Deer destroy habitats.
Deer destroy natural habitats.
Deer destroy plants.
Deer destroy vegetation.
Deer detect movement.
Deer detect slight movement.
Deer detect the smell of natural enemies by the scent of their urine.
Deer develop in wombs.
Deer display behavior.
Deer do unpredictable things.
Deer do, too.
Deer drink the water.
Deer eat a tremendous variety of foods in the wild.
Deer eat a variety of plants to fulfill their nutritional requirements.
Deer eat acorns.
Deer eat all sorts of things.
Deer eat apples.
Deer eat backyard plantings.
Deer eat berries.
Deer eat blue maidencane.
Deer eat buds.
Deer eat bushes.
Deer eat California bay laurel leaves, shoots and twigs, which are very high in protein.
Deer eat carrots.
Deer eat crops.
Deer eat diets.
Deer eat different things in the winter than they do in the summer.
Deer eat entire plants.
Deer eat ferns.
Deer eat foliage.
Deer eat food.
Deer eat grass, leaves, buds, berries, bark, wild grapes, apples and acorns.
Deer eat grass.
Deer eat grass.
Deer eat grasses.
Deer eat green plants.
Deer eat laurels.
Deer eat leaves.
Deer eat little grass.
Deer eat many of the same things rabbits do and are also common around yards.
Deer eat minerals.
Deer eat mushrooms.
Deer eat pasture.
Deer eat plants.
Deer eat quickly to avoid being found by predators.
Deer eat seedlings.
Deer eat the acorns and browse the foliage.
Deer eat the fir needles.
Deer eat the grass and browse on the bushes.
Deer eat the highly nutritious mushroom as a supplement to their diet.
Deer eat the tender shoots of a number of different varieties of shrubs.
Deer eat the terminal bud of white pine causing the tree to die or grow with trunk deformities.
Deer eat toxic plants.
Deer eat twigs.
Deer eat vegetation.
Deer eat weeping willows, but the hardy trees are deer-tolerant.
Deer emerge from the fog.
Deer emerge from the forests and eat the greens in gardens, as deer do everywhere in closed seasons.
Deer emerge late in the day.
Deer emit sound.
Deer enjoy almost everything from the garden and orchard.
Deer enter fields.
Deer enter forests.
Deer escape wolves.
Deer expend energy.
Deer expend vital energy.
Deer fall over dead when shot and geese drop from the sky.
Deer feed around the edges of clear-cuts more than out in the middle.
Deer feed in fields.
Deer feed in grass.
Deer feed most actively in early morning and evening.
Deer feed mostly on bark, kelp, and evergreens found under the snowpack in winter.
Deer feed on bark.
Deer feed on plants.
Deer find shelter in areas protected from the weather by hemlock, pine and spruce trees.
Deer flies more commonly attack man than do horse flies.
Deer forage habitats.
Deer form a small but important seasonal source of food for the coyote.
Deer generally eat grass, clover, berries, and other vegetation.
Deer generally produce their first set of antlers in the first spring after they are born.
Deer get energy.
Deer get water.
Deer give birth to deer.
Deer give birth to mammals.
Deer go to locations.
Deer go to rivers.
Deer go to the heaviest cover they can find, usually a heavy cedar swamp.
Deer go to water.
Deer graze in environments.
Deer graze in fields.
Deer graze in forests.
Deer graze in grass.
Deer graze in ground.
Deer graze in groups.
Deer graze in habitats.
Deer graze in pasture.
Deer graze in plants.
Deer graze in regions.
Deer graze in valleys.
Deer graze in vegetation.
Deer graze on grass.
Deer grow antlers for their annual rut.
Deer grow antlers.
Deer grow coats.
Deer grow hair.
Deer grow noses.
Deer has-part glands.
Deer has-part incisors.
Deer has-part legs.
Deer has-part ligaments.
Deer has-part stomachs.
Deer has-part tails.
Deer has-part teeth.
Deer hate 'em.
Deer have (part) antlers.
Deer have (part) brains.
Deer have (part) breasts.
Deer have (part) cannon bones.
Deer have (part) cell membranes.
Deer have (part) cells.
Deer have (part) chest cavities.
Deer have (part) chests.
Deer have (part) corpi.
Deer have (part) cytoplasm.
Deer have (part) ears.
Deer have (part) faces.
Deer have (part) heads.
Deer have (part) hip sockets.
Deer have (part) hoofs.
Deer have (part) nuclei.
Deer have (part) piluses.
Deer have (part) plasma membranes.
Deer have (part) rib cages.
Deer have (part) second stomachs.
Deer have (part) sections.
Deer have (part) skulls.
Deer have (part) sterna.
Deer have (part) vacuoles.
Deer have a flee reflex to run away from something unusual.
Deer have a good night vision, which is useful in the early morning and near dusk.
Deer have a great sense of hearing.
Deer have a high reproductive potential, and depressed populations normally recover rapidly.
Deer have a keen sense of smell.
Deer have a large and varied diet and eat practically all plant species at one time or another.
Deer have a preference for certain shrubs.
Deer have a relatively low frequency range of hearing similar to cows.
Deer have a set of baby teeth just like humans.
Deer have a tremendous impact on hay and alfalfa, major forage for dairy cows.
Deer have a typical prey animal eye.
Deer have ability.
Deer have adult life.
Deer have an excellent sense of smell.
Deer have an innate ability to blend with their surroundings.
Deer have annual patterns, it seems.
Deer have antlers that grow, fall off and re-grow annually.
Deer have antlers.
Deer have antlers.
Deer have brown coats.
Deer have canine teeth.
Deer have characteristics.
Deer have coats.
Deer have contain microbes.
Deer have definite taste preferences and some plants are an invitation to trouble.
Deer have diets.
Deer have different personalities, just like dogs, cats, people, etc.
Deer have ears.
Deer have excellent senses of smell and vision, as well as very good hearing.
Deer have excellent sight and smell.
Deer have faces.
Deer have fawns.
Deer have feet.
Deer have few predators in Indiana.
Deer have fewer plants to eat.
Deer have food.
Deer have front teeth.
Deer have glands.
Deer have hearts.
Deer have hoofs.
Deer have hooves.
Deer have huge antlers.
Deer have individual characteristics.
Deer have instincts that drive hunters crazy.
Deer have interdigital and tarsal glands on their legs.
Deer have keen eyesight and hearing.
Deer have large ears that rotate to pick up sounds.
Deer have large eyes and long ears.
Deer have legs.
Deer have life.
Deer have long distance movement.
Deer have long legs.
Deer have long noses.
Deer have long since become a common sight.
Deer have lungs.
Deer have many predators, or natural enemies.
Deer have many predators.
Deer have microbes.
Deer have more senses.
Deer have mortality.
Deer have movement.
Deer have muscles.
Deer have narrow tails.
Deer have night vision.
Deer have no such filter and see well in the UV spectrum.
Deer have no upper incisors so they make a rather messy cut.
Deer have offspring.
Deer have potential.
Deer have problems with many diets that livestock consume easily.
Deer have ranges.
Deer have reaction.
Deer have requirements.
Deer have scent glands.
Deer have senses.
Deer have sharp hooves and can strike swiftly and without warning.
Deer have sharp vision.
Deer have sides.
Deer have similar habits as moose in the summer months.
Deer have skinny legs.
Deer have specific requirements.
Deer have stomachs.
Deer have strong likes and dislikes.
Deer have suitable habitat in the national forest.
Deer have tails.
Deer have teeth.
Deer have their own terms.
Deer have their ups and downs.
Deer have to eat, that's the bottom line, and they'll go where the food is.
Deer have upper front teeth.
Deer have upper teeth.
Deer have vast potential.
Deer have vision.
Deer hear anything.
Deer hear sound.
Deer hide in forests.
Deer incorporate both physical and behavioral adaptations for survival.
Deer inhabit grassland.
Deer inhabit regions.
Deer inhabit subtropical woodlands.
Deer inhabit woodlands.
Deer invade fields.
Deer isa ungulate.
Deer jump over fences.
Deer jump over hillsides.
Deer know if the dogs are confined in any way.
Deer lack upper incisors and they leave a ragged edge on the branch.
Deer lead the list as the number one animal of interest.
Deer learn quickly.
Deer learn to fear it.
Deer leave their fawns for hours in places they consider safe.
Deer lift feet.
Deer lift heads.
Deer lift legs.
Deer lift tails.
Deer live for years.
Deer live in areas.
Deer live in countries.
Deer live in different habitats.
Deer live in environments.
Deer live in grassy valleys.
Deer live in habitats.
Deer live in mountains.
Deer live in optimal habitats.
Deer live in regions.
Deer live in terrains.
Deer live in valleys.
Deer live in wood.
Deer live in woodlands.
Deer live on ground.
Deer live predominantly on the edge of a forest.
Deer live up to years.
Deer living in good habitat at worst tend to be only mildly affected by winter.
Deer lose antlers.
Deer lose territory.
Deer love 'em.
Deer love it just as much as people do, so hang some bars of soap on stakes along the rows.
Deer love it too and can be seen there every evening.
Deer love most types of vegetables as well as fruit and nuts, soft needled pine trees, and roses.
Deer love sweet tastes, and bananas are always a good source of sweetness.
Deer love to eat the flowers and the nectar is a favorite of hummingbirds.
Deer love to feed in corn and soybean fields.
Deer make another vocalization during times of acute distress.
Deer make trails when they forage, both on site and to and from their beds.
Deer make up the majority of a cougar's diet.
Deer make urine.
Deer migrate to valleys.
Deer move about while feeding.
Deer move back and forth.
Deer move ears.
Deer move eyes.
Deer move from sites.
Deer move heads.
Deer move legs.
Deer move tails.
Deer need blood.
Deer never die of natural causes.
Deer never turn into elk.
Deer occupy ranges.
Deer occur at all elevations in summer, whereas elk prefer the higher forests.
Deer occur in areas.
Deer occur in many areas.
Deer occur in many protect areas.
Deer occur in protect areas.
Deer occur within regions.
Deer outnumber the residents and churches outnumber the industries.
Deer pick up parasites.
Deer pick up plants.
Deer pick up vegetation.
Deer play in fields.
Deer play in meadows.
Deer play in wildernesses.
Deer populate the grounds.
Deer possess a keen sense of smell.
Deer possess blood.
Deer possess bodies.
Deer possess cells.
Deer possess coats.
Deer possess families.
Deer possess genes.
Deer possess hair.
Deer possess red spots.
Deer possess spots.
Deer prefer a variety of agricultural crops including both grains and vegetables.
Deer prefer crops.
Deer prefer deciduous woodlands with occasional clearings.
Deer prefer environments.
Deer prefer forests.
Deer prefer grass.
Deer prefer grassland.
Deer prefer ground.
Deer prefer habitats.
Deer prefer herb shrubs.
Deer prefer isolation.
Deer prefer leaves.
Deer prefer open grassland.
Deer prefer plants.
Deer prefer shrubs.
Deer prefer to eat in fringe areas and are seen on the Drive.
Deer prefer vegetation.
Deer produce antlers.
Deer produce scents with glands located on their head, legs and hooves.
Deer provide food.
Deer provide the lion's primary food source.
Deer quickly learn which areas have dogs and children and adjust their feeding schedule accordingly.
Deer range through both types of areas, along with their associated ticks.
Deer ravage the neighbours plants and are sometimes considered a pest.
Deer reach maturity.
Deer reach sexual maturity.
Deer relish the plant, especially when fertilized.
Deer rely on food.
Deer rely on natural food.
Deer remain active at dawn and start to move again at dusk.
Deer remain in areas.
Deer remain in same areas.
Deer remain tightly yarded across much of the area.
Deer remain very visible along roadsides and in fields.
Deer reproduce quickly.
Deer require an abundance and variety of nutritious foods for growth, reproduction, and maintenance.
Deer require diets.
Deer require extensive trails to elude predators.
Deer require water.
Deer resemble deer.
Deer resemble elk.
Deer respond to light.
Deer respond to presence.
Deer roam brushes.
Deer roam countrysides.
Deer roam farms.
Deer roam fields.
Deer roam grassland.
Deer roam habitats.
Deer roam mountains.
Deer roam parks.
Deer roam the fairways casually, ignoring the golfers.
Deer roam valleys.
Deer roam wildernesses.
Deer roam wood.
Deer rub antlers.
Deer rub their antlers against small trees and bushes in an effort to peel off the velvet.
Deer rub velvety antlers.
Deer see best at night, as they have more light-detecting cells in their eyes than humans.
Deer see motion better than they see detail.
Deer see slightly differently than do humans.
Deer seek mates.
Deer seek meals.
Deer seek shelter.
Deer seek vegetation.
Deer seek water.
Deer seem quite abundant.
Deer seem to be able to determine which foods or plants are most nourishing.
Deer seem to be moving about more after the thick ice crust disappeared.
Deer seem to be one the increase in the Park.
Deer select sites.
Deer serve as food.
Deer serve as hosts for the tick.
Deer share environments.
Deer share fields.
Deer share forests.
Deer share habitats.
Deer share valleys.
Deer shed antlers.
Deer shed coats.
Deer shed hair.
Deer should have diets.
Deer show interest.
Deer show no mercy to gardens in the country.
Deer show no symptoms of the disease.
Deer show similar behavior.
Deer sit on pasture.
Deer spend the winter here in great numbers.
Deer stand aside the tracks awaiting the train's passing.
Deer stand in environments.
Deer stand in fields.
Deer stand in ground.
Deer stand in habitats.
Deer stand in regions.
Deer stand on legs.
Deer stand quietly or bed down in cover when inactive.
Deer start eating in the morning.
Deer still make nightly stops at the spring before retreating into the wilderness before dawn.
Deer still seem to be coming around on trails they have made.
Deer stomp their hooves primarily to warn other deer of danger .
Deer survive on diets.
Deer swallow food.
Deer swim across streams.
Deer switch diets.
Deer symbolizes to our people love.
Deer take weeks or months to adapt to new food types.
Deer teaches gentleness of spirit heals all wounds.
Deer tend to avoid some plants and relish others.
Deer tend to avoid.
Deer tend to be creatures of habit, however.
Deer tend to be more active at night than during the day.
Deer tend to favour open habitat of fields and the 'low browse' that results from forestry.
Deer tend to feed early, then bed up in the hills above the fields during mid-day.
Deer tend to go for nursery-grown plants that fertilizer makes more nutritious.
Deer tend to leave it alone because it is aromatic.
Deer tend to maintain well-defined patterns of movement that are governed by the season.
Deer tend to move along waterways, fence rows, field edges and wooded corridors.
Deer tend to occur in the same places over time.
Deer tend to run straight and fast leading the field on a wild and long gallop.
Deer test diseases.
Deer test waste diseases.
Deer thrive in pasture.
Deer transmit parasites.
Deer travel up and down the park year round.
Deer understand the difference between dominance and leadership.
Deer use antlers.
Deer use the same general area year after year during the pre-rut and rut.
Deer utilize grassland habitats.
Deer utilize habitats.
Deer visit gardens.
Deer visit locations.
Deer visit prairie.
Deer visit quiet pools at dusk and dawn.
Deer walk by the boat only five feet away.
Deer walk on legs.
Deer walk right up to the door for handouts as do a few raccoons.
Deer walking into the wind often change direction when it shifts.
Deer walks softly and gracefully.
Deer wander freely into the canyon from the upper slopes at dusk and at dawn.
Deer wander freely.
Deer wander here, and feral pigs, armadillos, raccoons and possums.
Deer wander the island, which is home to feral pigs, armadillos, raccoons and possums.
Deer wander the streets after dark looking for tasty gardens.
Deer want food.
Deer watch fields.
Deer weigh kgs.
Deer weigh pounds.
Deer will have bellies.
Deers are animals.
Deers are commonplace in Nara.
Deers are herbivores.
Deers are located in countrysides.
Deers are mammals.
Deers are ruminants.
Deers are wild animals.
Deers have heads.
Deers live in herds and there are two types of herds.
Deer always check their back trail.
Deer frequently visit our gardens and grass lands.
Deer often avoid trees and bushes which have been hung with small bars of soap.
Deer often cause considerable damage to fruit trees.
Deer often cross the golf course early and late in the day.
Deer often eat hosta foliage when food is scarce.
Deer often eat the fruit.
Deer often graze in the yard and eat from the persimmon trees.
Deer often have twins and birds lay many eggs in a clutch.
Deer often meander through the campground early in the morning.
Deer often move in groups.
Deer often pause or bed down within the oak's island of habitat.
Deer often stay yarded until the spring thaw.
Deer often stray onto the unfenced prison grounds to graze.
Deer often travel in family groups of does and fawns.
Deer often travel in small groups, and communicate with each other by stamping their feet.
Deers often cover near the trees with apples.
Deer sometimes signal each other by making pawing sounds.
Deer sometimes use broadleaf cattail for hiding cover.
Deer usually avoid small, penned-in areas.
Deer usually do well when apples, oats, or acorns are given as diet supplements.
Deer usually stay in the same area called a home range.
All deer are herbivorous with the exception of a few species that also eat meat.
All deer call a little differently, just like people talk differently.
All deer is used.
All deer lack a gall bladder except for the musk deer.
All deer naturally require calcium in their diets.
Any deer taken with a bow is a trophy, especially the first one taken with a bow.
Every deer is handmade to order.
Many deer live in woodlands where humans are building houses.
Many deer make Cape George their home.
Many deer still remain in the fields and winter birds are beginning to show up at feeders.
Many deer suffer from a type of trapping stress called capture myopathy.
Many deer wander around, and pileated woodpeckers, hummingbirds and barred owls are a common sight.
Most deer adapt to environments.
Most deer appear in countries.
Most deer are able to walk above the crust and move around for food.
Most deer are beautiful when it comes close to winter and their coats become dark.
Most deer are classified as animals.
Most deer are located in ecosystems.
Most deer are located in environments.
Most deer are located in forests.
Most deer are located in regions.
Most deer are located on grass.
Most deer are located on ground.
Most deer are member of families.
Most deer are whitetails with a few mule deer in the area.
Most deer avoid people.
Most deer carry genes.
Most deer carry organisms.
Most deer carry worm parasites.
Most deer come from forests.
Most deer come from habitats.
Most deer compete for food.
Most deer compete for mates.
Most deer consume food.
Most deer depend on meadows.
Most deer depend on vegetation.
Most deer destroy natural habitats.
Most deer detect slight movement.
Most deer develop in wombs.
Most deer develop their largest antlers between the ages of four and six years.
Most deer eat apples.
Most deer eat buds.
Most deer eat bushes.
Most deer eat carrots.
Most deer eat crops.
Most deer eat diets.
Most deer eat entire plants.
Most deer eat foliage.
Most deer eat food.
Most deer eat grass.
Most deer eat green plants.
Most deer eat little grass.
Most deer eat minerals.
Most deer eat mushrooms.
Most deer eat pasture.
Most deer eat plants.
Most deer eat seedlings.
Most deer eat toxic plants.
Most deer eat twigs.
Most deer eat vegetation.
Most deer enter fields.
Most deer enter forests.
Most deer expend energy.
Most deer expend vital energy.
Most deer get energy.
Most deer get water.
Most deer give birth to deer.
Most deer give birth to mammals.
Most deer go to locations.
Most deer go to rivers.
Most deer go to water.
Most deer grow antlers.
Most deer grow coats.
Most deer grow hair.
Most deer grow noses.
Most deer has-part glands.
Most deer has-part incisors.
Most deer has-part legs.
Most deer has-part ligaments.
Most deer has-part stomachs.
Most deer has-part tails.
Most deer has-part teeth.
Most deer have ability.
Most deer have adult life.
Most deer have antlers.
Most deer have brown coats.
Most deer have canine teeth.
Most deer have characteristics.
Most deer have coats.
Most deer have diets.
Most deer have ears.
Most deer have fawns.
Most deer have feet.
Most deer have food.
Most deer have front teeth.
Most deer have glands.
Most deer have hearts.
Most deer have hoofs.
Most deer have huge antlers.
Most deer have individual characteristics.
Most deer have legs.
Most deer have life.
Most deer have long distance movement.
Most deer have long legs.
Most deer have lungs.
Most deer have microbes.
Most deer have more senses.
Most deer have mortality.
Most deer have movement.
Most deer have muscles.
Most deer have narrow tails.
Most deer have night vision.
Most deer have offspring.
Most deer have potential.
Most deer have ranges.
Most deer have reaction.
Most deer have requirements.
Most deer have scent glands.
Most deer have senses.
Most deer have sharp vision.
Most deer have sides.
Most deer have skinny legs.
Most deer have specific requirements.
Most deer have tails.
Most deer have teeth.
Most deer have upper front teeth.
Most deer have upper teeth.
Most deer have vast potential.
Most deer have vision.
Most deer hear anything.
Most deer hear sound.
Most deer live in areas.
Most deer live in countries.
Most deer live in different habitats.
Most deer live in environments.
Most deer live in grassy valleys.
Most deer live in habitats.
Most deer live in mountains.
Most deer live in optimal habitats.
Most deer live in regions.
Most deer live in terrains.
Most deer live in valleys.
Most deer live in wood.
Most deer live in woodlands.
Most deer live on ground.
Most deer live up to years.
Most deer lose antlers.
Most deer make urine.
Most deer never reach their potential because they are harvested the first year they grow antlers.
Most deer occur in areas.
Most deer occur in many areas.
Most deer occur in many protect areas.
Most deer occur in protect areas.
Most deer occur within regions.
Most deer pick up parasites.
Most deer pick up plants.
Most deer pick up vegetation.
Most deer prefer open grassland.
Most deer produce antlers.
Most deer provide food.
Most deer reach maturity.
Most deer reach sexual maturity.
Most deer rely on food.
Most deer rely on natural food.
Most deer remain in areas.
Most deer remain in same areas.
Most deer require water.
Most deer seek mates.
Most deer seek meals.
Most deer seek shelter.
Most deer seek vegetation.
Most deer seek water.
Most deer serve as food.
Most deer sit on pasture.
Most deer stand on legs.
Most deer survive on diets.
Most deer walk on legs.
Some deer affect demographies.
Some deer affect development.
Some deer are bleed to death.
Some deer are evolved from animals.
Some deer are hit by cars.
Some deer are inside Wisconsin.
Some deer are killed by hunters.
Some deer are killed by motor vehicles.
Some deer are killed by vehicles.
Some deer are located at farms.
Some deer are located in Africa.
Some deer are located in canyons.
Some deer are located in hills.
Some deer are located in marsh.
Some deer are located in worlds.
Some deer are located on farms.
Some deer are located on islands.
Some deer are located on roads.
Some deer attain sexual maturity.
Some deer attract animals.
Some deer avoid invasive plants.
Some deer become dinner.
Some deer become prey.
Some deer browse common juniper.
Some deer carry bacteria.
Some deer carry diseases.
Some deer carry food.
Some deer carry microbes.
Some deer cause serious damage.
Some deer come from environments.
Some deer come from families.
Some deer communicate by stomping their feet on the ground or barking when alarmed.
Some deer cross roadways.
Some deer destroy crops.
Some deer die in fire.
Some deer die of starvation.
Some deer do damage.
Some deer eat acacias.
Some deer eat bark.
Some deer eat beans.
Some deer eat cedar.
Some deer eat corn.
Some deer eat flowers.
Some deer eat fronds.
Some deer eat fruit.
Some deer eat ginkgo seeds.
Some deer eat materials.
Some deer eat melons.
Some deer eat poison.
Some deer eat rabbits.
Some deer eat roots.
Some deer eat seeds.
Some deer eat shrubs.
Some deer eat tender fronds.
Some deer eat trees.
Some deer eat tulips.
Some deer eat weep willows.
Some deer eat willows.
Some deer eat young trees.
Some deer emerge from forests.
Some deer enjoy acorns.
Some deer enjoy shoots.
Some deer enter gardens.
Some deer enter ground.
Some deer enter regions.
Some deer enter trees.
Some deer escape from roadways.
Some deer establish dominance.
Some deer feed on acacias.
Some deer feed on buds.
Some deer feed on grass.
Some deer feed on twigs.
Some deer find in arctic tundra.
Some deer find in tundra.
Some deer follow patterns.
Some deer follow roads.
Some deer follow similar patterns.
Some deer go into shocks.
Some deer go to farms.
Some deer go to gardens.
Some deer have density.
Some deer have different color phases.
Some deer have different phases.
Some deer have difficult time.
Some deer have edges.
Some deer have horns.
Some deer have injuries.
Some deer have jag edges.
Some deer have karyotypes.
Some deer have long, sharp hooves in front, which they can use as weapons.
Some deer have mate seasons.
Some deer have months.
Some deer have natural predators.
Some deer have patches.
Some deer have periods.
Some deer have phases.
Some deer have plenty.
Some deer have population density.
Some deer have predators.
Some deer have regular routes.
Some deer have rough edges.
Some deer have routes.
Some deer have seasons.
Some deer have several months.
Some deer have severe injuries.
Some deer have small patches.
Some deer have small white patches.
Some deer have spots.
Some deer have time.
Some deer have tops.
Some deer have white spots.
Some deer hide in bushes.
Some deer keep groups.
Some deer live in areas that are heavy hunting grounds.
Some deer live in climates.
Some deer live in counties.
Some deer live in forests.
Some deer live in gardens.
Some deer live in ground.
Some deer live in meadows.
Some deer live in pairs.
Some deer live in parks.
Some deer live in provinces.
Some deer live in temperate climates.
Some deer live on open land year round, others retreat to wooded glens in the worst winter weather.
Some deer make bark.
Some deer occupy different areas.
Some deer occur in forest tracts.
Some deer occur in populations.
Some deer occur in steppes.
Some deer occur in tracts.
Some deer occur in Wisconsin.
Some deer pick up bacteria.
Some deer pick up sound.
Some deer play in brushes.
Some deer play in water.
Some deer prefer hilly countries.
Some deer prefer light.
Some deer prefer low light.
Some deer prefer vegetables.
Some deer produce milk.
Some deer receive food.
Some deer receive injections.
Some deer refer to antelopes.
Some deer relate to organisms.
Some deer require habitats.
Some deer seek swamp.
Some deer shake antlers.
Some deer sit in fields.
Some deer stand in farms.
Some deer stand in gardens.
Some deer stand in parks.
Some deer stand in rivers.
Some deer stand in tracks.
Some deer stand on roads.
Some deer starve to death.
Some deer stay with mothers.
Some deer steal food.
Some deer survive months.
Some deer survive seasons.
Some deer survive winter seasons.
Some deer threaten crops.
Some deer thrive in habitats.
Some deer transmit tuberculosis.
Some deer watch food.
Some deer watch prey.
Some deer wear antlers.
Some deer yarding takes place on the property.
A deerhound is a hound
Many Deerhounds successfully do so every year.
A deerskin is a leather
Deerskins are a great part of the trade.
A defacement is harm
Defacements are personal Web pages crackers post over pre-existing Web sites they have cracked.
Defacements can grant hackers illegal access to sensitive data.
Defalcation also signifies the act of a defaulter.
Defalcation is an amount
Defamation lawsuits are as old as the United States and older.
Defamation lawsuits can yield costly verdicts.
Defamation can consist of libel in written form or by slander, which is verbal.
Defamation can occur in the print media, on the radio, the TV or on the internet.
Defamation carries a maximum sentence of six years imprisonment in Indonesia.
Defamation claims pose potential liability to directors.
Defamation considers libel and slander.
Defamation consists of a published false statement intending to harm the reputation of another.
Defamation consists of false and unprivileged publication which results in economic damages.
Defamation has a one year statute of limitations.
Defamation includes both libel and slander.
Defamation is a communication which adversely affects the reputation of another person.
Defamation is a crime because it is considered to have a tendency to promote breach of peace.
Defamation is a crime punishable by imprisonment or fine.
Defamation is a false statement about another that harms reputation.
Defamation is a message
Defamation is a statement that harms the reputation of someone else.
Defamation is a tool of bullying .
Defamation is also actionable wherever it is 'published', which means whenever it is available.
Defamation is an attack on another person's character.
Defamation is an important concept to know for anyone working in California.
Defamation is an intentional false communication that injures another's reputation or good name.
Defamation is another area of concern for members of the clergy.
Defamation is classified as either libel or slander.
Defamation is considered a criminal offense unless proven otherwise.
Defamation is either libel or slander.
Defamation is false or misleading injury to someone's reputation.
Defamation is governed by state law, but is limited by the first amendment.
Defamation is often really libel.
Defamation is publication of a falsehood.
Defamation is term that includes both slander and libel.
Defamation is the legal term for slanderous spoken remarks and libelous written statements.
Defamation is unlawful.
Defamation necessarily involves the idea of disgrace.
Defamation occurs when one person's false statement injures the reputation of another person.
Defamation protects reputation, no more.
Defamation results when a false statement is maliciously made about an individual to a third party.
Defamation takes two forms, libel and slander.
All defamation is express.
Defamatory material is any statement which tends to lower a person in the estimation of others.
Defamatory speech distributed over the Internet can result in civil liability for the defamer.
Default arguments are a convenience, as function overloading is a convenience.
Default arguments can take the place of function overloading and is a very efficient way to program.
Default arguments go here.
Default configuration downloads all messages to local workstation.
Default gateways help to keep the size of local routing tables smaller.
Default parameters apply to any host section but can be overwritten there.
Default parameters are for Moscow area.
Default password is choate .
Default password is student.
Default risk is controlled with a proprietary credit analysis process.
Default risk is higher during periods of economic recession or slowdown.
Default risk is the risk that borrowers fail to make all the promised payments.
Default risks pose a larger threat to mortgage values than prepayment risks.
A default is absence
A default is loss
Default follows and the borrower loses the home.
Default isa alternative.
Default isa option.
Default keybindings no longer use modifier keys.
Default notices to debtors who are also mortgagors.
Default offset in the regular layout of the page.
Default quote debug characters are now empty strings.
Default settings fo r school and teacher name.
Default start is first line.
Default start times, lunch and finish times entry.
Defaults are .
Defaults are a lot of the reason junk is so cheap now.
Defaults are absence.
Defaults are all styles and media types.
Defaults are another problem.
Defaults are cs.arizona.edu, anonymous, reply-to address.
Defaults are failure.
Defaults are good.
Defaults are great for producers, lousy for consumers.
Defaults are loss.
Defaults are no symbol, no lines, color white and no text.
Defaults are often essential to the installation process.
Defaults are on a per-encoder basis.
Defaults are setable within userdefs.h.
Defaults are standard input and standard output.
Defaults are strings that are processed in the same way as command line values.
Defaults are to choose all stations.
Defaults are 'today' and 'last'.
Defaults are usually the most common actions within the application.
Defaults Attacking well-known system defaults is one of the most common hacker attacks.
Defaults Bug no.
Defaults can change, and code changes can know things out of whack.
Defaults Describes how to use the loss plan defaults.
Defaults have the image appear with a full height and full width.
Defaults is - .
Defaults is a directory with the four major WM configuration files.
Defaults is 'All'.
Defaults mean loss of confidence.
Defaults mean paper that was good one day can disappear the next .
Defaults offer only a balance of performance and stability.
All defaults are changeable.
All defaults can be user configured to facilitate ease of operation.
Any defaults are losses to U.S. taxpayers.
Most defaults are okay.
Defaulted borrowers are ineligible for any additional financial aid packages, or loan deferments.
Defeasible logic is stable.
A defeat is a conclusion
A defeat is failure
Defeat affects boxers differently.
Defeat begins to describe the spiritual condition of our lives.
Defeat can be a pretense.
Defeat can be bitter, dear friend.
Defeat comes with our departure.
Defeat crushes it.
Defeat fly under a comfort so send raymond weil watches auctions.
Defeat have past all life insurance variables.
Defeat however leaves Albania in bottom place with three points.
Defeat is a common thing for soldiers.
Defeat is a part of life and they learn to face the vicissitudes of life bravely.
Defeat is a path to the truth.
Defeat is always hard to accept and the close calls are toughest.
Defeat is an orphan.
Defeat is but a matter of time, litigation and vote recounts.
Defeat is closer to it.
Defeat is death.
Defeat is ever an orphan while victory has many fathers.
Defeat is near.
Defeat is only a matter of time.
Defeat is only a reason for exertion.
Defeat is signalled by reducing the eyebrows and retreating.
Defeat is temporary.
Defeat is the price trial lawyers pay for success.
Defeat is the worst possible outcome.
Defeat is unacceptable.
Defeat looks like being inevitable and massive.
Defeat means certain extinction.
Defeat never comes until one admits it.
Defeat produces a cycle of more defeat.
Defeat relates the transformation of Japan in the aftermath of World War II .
Defeat seek Items from no representatives via all plant.
Defeat starts in a persons subconscious mind.
Defeats are despair.
Defeats are endings.
Defeats are failure.
Defeats are often the result of a host of errors and oversights.
Defeats bring some messages, and perhaps the group is stronger now than before.
Defeats have a way of multiplying and piling up.
Defeats worry .
Defeat always engenders unhappiness.
Defeat always hurts.
Defeat frequently takes the form of an e-mail attachment.
All defeats are permanent, and all victories are temporary.
Some defeats are better than victories.
Some defeats are only installments of victory.
Some defeats are only installments on the road to victory.
Defeated adversaries do strike out irrationally with the most destructive means at their disposal.
Defeated animals become more sensitive to other drugs, such as cocaine.
Defeated armies learn their lesson.
Defeated camel shows silence and embarrassment.
Defeated fighters vanish without a trace.
Defeated managers are disgraced generals.
Defeated successors are likely to quit as party leaders afterwards.
Defeateds are people.
A defeatism is a surrender
Defeatism becomes an excuse for doing nothing.
Defeatism denotes a certain psychic state that has meaning only in reference to action.
Defeatism has a tendency to spread like wild fire.
Defeatism is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Defeatism is another excuse.
Defeatisms are resignation.
Defeatist garbage is only counter productive.
A defeatist is a pessimist
Defeatists believe they have no discipline in their eating.
Defecation can also be a problem due to loss of sphincter control.
Defecation indicates an increase in anxiety in a novel situation.
Defecation is a chess game.
Defecation is elimination.
Defecation is excretion
Defecation is initiated by distension of the rectum by feces arriving from the sigmoid colon.
Defecation is the process by which solid waste is excreted from the body.
Defecation requires two coordinated events.
Defecation always takes place outside the den.
Defecation usually occurs at shared latrines that bear the contributions of many.
Defect identification is carried out with the parameters extracted from eddy current signals.
A defect is a state
Defect is due to an autosomal recessive gene ol .
Defect isa imperfection.
Defect leaves a large hole which communicates with the nasal cavity.
Defects accumulate along the way.
Defects add aggravation to today's harried consumers.
Defects affect much of a material's behavior.
Defects annihilating at the edge is a big problem when trying to get bigger loops.
Defects are abnormalities in skeleton, body form, and body functions.
Defects are caused by damage.
Defects are caused by radiation damage.
Defects are costly to both customers and to manufacturers or service providers.
Defects are disadvantage.
Defects are imperfections.
Defects are important because they are the keys to imbuing materials with new properties.
Defects are invisible in the framed piece but are visible with a loupe or with harsh side lighting.
Defects are invisible in the framed piece.
Defects are major causes of low quality in trees.
Defects are manifest behaviorally as hyperexcitability or paralysis.
Defects are often severe.
Defects are revealed by user feedback.
Defects are sensitive to a variety of environmental factors.
Defects are subjective, based on judgment.
Defects are very costly.
Defects are very important in the charge density wave phase too.
Defects can be in many forms, some of a technical nature and sometime serious.
Defects can be sporadic, especially in their developmental stages.
Defects can decay at constant rate of change or can change exponentially.
Defects can impair the ability of the horse to perform normally and can lead to unsoundness.
Defects can lead to increase in blood cholesterol and increase risk of atherosclerosis.
Defects can occur anytime in the developmental stages of the embryo or fetus.
Defects can occur in the bulk of the crystal or at the interface between materials.
Defects can occur in the chambers, the valves or the blood vessels leaving the heart.
Defects can occur inside the heart or in the large blood vessels outside the heart.
Defects can skip along a chain.
Defects can take many forms.
Defects cause degradation and a lower power output.
Defects cause medical problems.
Defects cause problems.
Defects causing water or moisture damage are also housing code violations.
Defects depend on the level of lesion.
Defects extend through fewer boards Easier to kiln dry and produces greater widths.
Defects have a profound effect on device performance.
Defects impact different collectors in different ways.
Defects increase the interferometer halfwidth and decrease the peak transmission.
Defects influence various building blocks in different manner.
Defects involving the extremities are usually symmetrical and involve only the skin as a rule.
Defects lead to migration.
Defects make themselves felt as undue strain on the eyes.
Defects mean imperfections which impair product utility.
Defects occur when the contour lines cross each other.
Defects occurring along the interfaces cause a corrugated surface.
Defects present the air permeability and conductivity.
Defects prevent airtight seals.
Defects reduce the elasticity severely.
Defects regularly occur during the mastering and molding process.
Defects result from environmental factors.
Defects result from factors.
Defects -Straight, upright shoulders.
All defects have different costs to repair, and unknown loss of business.
All defects have to be detected.
All defects represent possible sinks or traps for electrons and holes.
Any defect is noted.
Any defects are to be reported in documents supplied with motor.
Every defect is an improvement or educational opportunity for someone.
Many defects are detectable before an accident occurs if the right tests are made.
Many defects are minor, but some are serious.
Many defects are vital, on the other hand.
Many defects arise through malnutrition.
Many defects causing return under the Lemon Law probably are present at delivery.
Most defects are caused by damage.
Most defects are caused by radiation damage.
Most defects are treat- able with medication or surgery.
Most defects are treatable and many are corrected through surgery.
Most defects cause a whispering sound, or murmur, as blood moves through the heart.
Most defects cause medical problems.
Most defects cause problems.
Most defects lead to migration.
Most defects occur in the membranous portion of the septal wall.
Most defects result from environmental factors.
Most defects result from factors.
Some defects affect brains.
Some defects affect luster.
Some defects are also here supplied.
Some defects are congenital, or present at birth.
Some defects are easy to recognize.
Some defects are functional, such as awkwardness, non-uniformity, distortion, or complexity.
Some defects are small enough that all that is needed is reduction of the soft tissues.
Some defects cause cystic fibrosis.
Some defects cause damage.
Some defects cause death.
Some defects cause excessive mucus production.
Some defects cause excessive production.
Some defects cause fibrosis.
Some defects cause injuries.
Some defects cause mucus production.
Some defects cause personal injuries.
Some defects cause premature death.
Some defects cause production.
Some defects cause reductions.
Some defects correct themselves during the early years of development.
Some defects have factors.
Some defects interfere with metabolism.
Some defects interfere with sulphur metabolism.
Some defects lead to blindness.
Some defects lead to death.
Some defects lead to diseases.
Some defects lead to kidney diseases.
Some defects lead to sudden death.
Some defects lead to suicide.
Some defects persist for centuries.
Some defects relate to cousin marriages.
Some defects relate to marriages.
Some defects require no treatment.
Some defects result in injuries.
Some defects see in mice.
Some defects see in null mice.
A defection is a withdrawal
Defections are few, but some high-profile cases come to mind.
Defections lead opposition to ask for a confidence vote in the government.
Defections seem likely.
Defection always emerges as a competitor to cooperation in any game theoretic situation.
More defections are inevitable.
Some defective absorption leads to degradations.
Defective action is sin.
Defective animals have genetic malformations and diseases.
Defective bolts are often the result of over-tightening.
Defective books are replaced without charge providing the cash register slip is presented.
Defective brakes appear to have been a contributing factor in the accident.
Defective brakes appear to have been a contributing factor in the incident.
Defective calculators are exchangeable for the same model if the manufacturer currently produces it.
Defective chips are corporeal.
Defective collagen assumes a watery consistency and leaks into the bloodstream.
Defective condoms present a potential hazard to health.
Defective endosperm prevents stand establishment under normal field conditions.
Defective equipment is advance replacement.
Defective exchange is from initial date of purchase.
All defective fruits are sorted out for use in processing.
Defective genes can also pass along traits such as hearing loss or speech and language disorders.
Defective genes cause inborn errors of metabolism.
Some defective genes are more common in certain ethnic groups.
Defective glia induce neuronal apoptosis in the repo visual system of Drosophila.
Defective hardware is replaced or repaired at our discretion.
Defective items are only returnable for same model replacement.
Any defective item needs to be sent to the manufacturer.
Defective laws passed by judges are a lot harder to junk.
Defective memory can initially pass the startup check only to fail later.
Defective merchandise is defective only by manufacturer's error.
Defective merchandise is exchangeable at any time with a proof of purchase.
Defective merchandise is exchanged for the exact replacement.
Defective merchandise is subject to inspection prior to credit being issued.
All defective merchandise is returned to the manufacturer for credit against future orders.
All defective merchandise is returned to the manufacturer.
All defective merchandise is subject to incoming inspection.
All defective merchandise is under warranty by the manufacturer.
Defective nodes can chatter and put garbage on the network.
Defective notice deprives the court of jurisdiction to rule on the motion .
Defective notice deprives the court of jurisdiction to rule on the motion.
Defective obedience is always the result of a defective life.
Defective parts are very common in the automotive industry.
Any defective piece needs to be returned immediately before it is combed or cut in any way.
Defective product is never click to enlarge just passed down the line.
Defective product is subject to testing.
Defective products are replaceable.
Defective products injure thousands of workers and consumers each year.
All defective product is exchange only for the identical item.
All defective products are returnable for full refund or exchange at any time.
Defective proteins lose their ability to perform their job correctly.
Defective returns are for replacement or merchandise credit only, no refunds.
All defective returns are subject to more restrictive manufacturer or publisher policies.
Defective software is increasingly expensive, and it can even be dangerous.
Defective software is the only type of software released nowadays.
Most defective software is replaced immediately.
Defective toilets can cause the greatest amount of water loss.
Defective transport renders the dispatch of Turkish reinforcements most difficult.
Defective vehicles are only part of the problem.
Defective videos are exchangeable for same titles only.
Defective viruses can bud from the cell but hey have lost their infectivity.
Defective work causes rework and sometimes actually destroys a project.
A defector is an offender
Defectors can expect a return of one temptation payoff per play, but they play half as often.
Defectors require intense debriefing and indoctrination - and even then they feel like outcasts.
Defectors say that drug trafficking is, indeed, a state-run industry.
Defence companies are free to bid for equipment opportunities in both countries.
Defence counsel questions the janitor, trying to point out inconsistencies or gaps in the story.
Defence lawyers argue truth can only be found if they have access to a person's counselling records.
Defence lawyers become the highest paid people.
Defence lawyers plan to subpoena the jury to try and confirm the claims.
Defence lawyers say the tribunal judge had withdrawn because of conscientious objections.
Defence lawyers say their clients are innocent.
A defence mechanism is an unconscious process
Defence mechanisms play a major role in theory and therapy of both schools.
All defence mechanisms are forms of lying.
Defence policy is a program
Defence policy is only partially an economic and political decision, it is also a military one.
Defence scientists work in fields.
Defence spending is disallowed.
Defence achieves the objectives in the Defence International Engagement Strategic Plan.
Defence eats up over five times as much as health and education spending combined.
Defence embraces workplace equity and diversity principles.
Defence is a later stage.
Defence is a pride thing.
Defence is a team
Defence is expensive and growing more so by the year.
Defence is led by counsel.
Defence is now complete.
Defence is one aspect of New Zealand's foreign and security policy.
Defence is protection.
Defence is regional policy writ large.
Defence is restricted to nest colony.
Defence is suspect.
Defence is the hardest part of the game.
Defence is the monster of the age.
Defence is the most important part.
Defence is traditionally a Republican issue.
Defence is treated as a current expenditure.
Defence isa organization.
Defence launches a new and innovative weapon.
Defence makes considerable use of e-mail for circuiting documents for comment.
Defence presupposes an attack.
Defence protects the environment and human health.
Defence remains the cornerstone of the policy.
Defence still has a long way to go to catch up.
Defence uses encryption devices to provide secure access to internal systems from remote locations.
Defence wins games, particularly in the playoffs.
Defence works better for buildings and vessels than it does for characters.
Defences are in many ways non-technical.
Defences can strengthen deterrence by reducing the incentive for proliferation.
All defences incur costs .
All defences incur costs.
Any defences associated with an captured objective also come under the team's control.
Every defence is a retreat, a withdrawal.
Most defence is led by counsel.
Some defence is achieved thereby.
A defendant is a litigant
Defendant acknowledges the compensability of the claim and has paid medical expenses.
Defendant acquires one of the prints and proceeds to copy it.
Defendant admits that plaintiff has requested agency records which have been withheld.
Defendant admits the loading dock was part of the building's original blueprints.
Defendant advances a second argument.
Defendant again appeals the amount of restitution ordered.
Defendant agrees to immediately cease spaming and to work out settlement.
Defendant agrees to provide truthful, complete and accurate information and testimony.
Defendant agrees to provide truthful, complete, and accurate information and testimony.
Defendant alleges contributory negligence.
Defendant alleges no facts to support an inference that the State acted illegally.
Defendant alleges no prior inconsistent statements.
Defendant alleges that plaintiff's enforcement actions constitute bad faith.
Defendant alleges that the opinion is premised upon three errors of law.
Defendant also alleges numerous instances of ineffective assistance of counsel.
Defendant also appeals from order granting plaintiffs a new trial.
Defendant also appeals the criminal fines as excessive.
Defendant also appeals the resulting sentence.
Defendant also appeals the trial court's award of attorney fees to plaintiff.
Defendant also argues that the court committed various instances of plain error.
Defendant also argues that the district court erred by allowing evidence of prior bad acts.
Defendant also argues that the prosecutor improperly appealed to the sympathy of the jury.
Defendant also argues that the trial court erred in admitting hearsay testimony.
Defendant also argues that the trial court erred in applying the doctrine of laches.
Defendant also argues that the trial court erred in failing to award attorney fees.
Defendant also argues that the trial court erred in omitting a portion of a jury instruction.
Defendant also argues that the trial court lacked the authority to order the amount of fees awarded.
Defendant also argues the court was erroneously predisposed to impose a prison term upon defendant.
Defendant also argues the trial court erred by instructing the jury on flight.
Defendant also assigns error to the trial court's failure to dismiss count two of the indictment.
Defendant also attacks counsel's pretrial investigation.
Defendant also believes the law was misapplied.
Defendant also challenges the award of a fee four times greater than the jury verdict.
Defendant also challenges the sufficiency of the evidence to support the conviction.
Defendant also challenges the sufficiency of the evidence to support the convictions.
Defendant also challenges the trial court's ruling regarding the right to setoff.
Defendant also challenges the verdict as against the manifest weight of the evidence.
Defendant also claims an in-person deposition of one employee was unnecessary.
Defendant also claims error in the trial court's calculationsas to plaintiff's needs and expenses.
Defendant also claims that the challenged testimony was irrelevant.
Defendant also claims that the court erred in instructing the jury.
Defendant also claims that the merger provision violates due process.
Defendant also claims that the testimony was inadmissible hearsay.
Defendant also claims that the trial court erred in excluding certain evidence of duress.
Defendant also contends plaintiff offered insufficient evidence to sustain the jury's damage award.
Defendant also contends that plaintiff's claim is barred by the applicable statute of limitations.
Defendant also contends the court awarded an excessive amount of damages.
Defendant also contends the court erred in responding to requests from the jury.
Defendant also continues to do substantial business in New York.
Defendant also emphasizes that plaintiff received an equal division of the marital property.
Defendant also has a felony perjury conviction which is being appealed.
Defendant also has a recorded statement which was taken from Plaintiff.
Defendant also maintains public policy favors a find- ing of a lack of reasonable diligence.
Defendant also moves to dismiss the complaint based upon improper service.
Defendant also points to three items of testimonial evidence excluded by trial court.
Defendant also raises a search and seizure question.
Defendant also raises both Oregon and United States constitutional arguments.
Defendant also urges dismissal of the complaint on forum non conveniens grounds.
Defendant answers the lawsuit.
Defendant appeals a judgment for equitable distribution.
Defendant appeals adverse judgment after a bench trial in a contract matter.
Defendant appeals consecutive sentences totaling seventeen years.
Defendant appeals Order granting a new trial to plaintiff in a personal injury action.
Defendant appeals the award.
Defendant appeals the dismissal.
Defendant appeals the grant of partial summary judgment to plaintiffs.
Defendant appeals the grant of summary judgment.
Defendant appeals the order granting a new trial.
Defendant appeals the suspension.
Defendant appeals the trial court's entry of summary judgment in favor of plaintiff.
Defendant appeals the trial court's grant of summary judgment for plaintiffs.
Defendant appeals the trial court's judgment granting plaintiff's request for attorneys' fees.
Defendant argues on cross-appeal that errors in the jury instructions require a new trial.
Defendant argues our standard of review is unlimited.
Defendant argues such a comparison requires expert testimony.
Defendant argues that a ten-year statute of limitations for instruments under seal applies.
Defendant argues that after that date, the fluctuating judgment interest rate applies.
Defendant argues that certain facts in evidence negate premeditation and deliberation.
Defendant argues that counsel unreasonably insisted on a deposition of that employee in Connecticut.
Defendant argues that delivery of a controlled substance is a specific intent crime.
Defendant argues that it is entitled to carry plaintiffs' copyrighted material.
Defendant argues that no evidence supports the consecutive sentences imposed by the trial court.
Defendant argues that none of the three conditions have been met.
Defendant argues that only threats of immediate physical harm can constitute disorderly conduct.
Defendant argues that plaintiff acted negligently in failing to safeguard the collateral.
Defendant argues that plaintiff failed to present evidence on the issue of causation.
Defendant argues that plaintiff's claim is unenforceable under the Frauds Act.
Defendant argues that plaintiff's claims are barred by the doctrine of sovereign immunity.
Defendant argues that plaintiff's reliance upon the account stated doctrine is misplaced.
Defendant argues that that finding, based on a one-sided recording, is impermissible speculation.
Defendant argues that the circuit court erred in reinstating the charge.
Defendant argues that the court erred in admitting the statement.
Defendant argues that the court lacked jurisdiction to order the money's return.
Defendant argues that the disposition of the marital property was inequitable.
Defendant argues that the officer lacked probable cause to search the vehicle for illegal drugs.
Defendant argues that the prior altercations and racial slurs introduced unfair prejudice.
Defendant argues that the purpose of the legislation was to alleviate prison overcrowding.
Defendant argues that the speedy trial period had run because there was no interlocutory appeal.
Defendant argues that the stake likely was placed there by a private contractor.
Defendant argues that the statute is unconstitutionally vague.
Defendant argues that the stop was illegal.
Defendant argues that the trial court erred in granting plaintiff's motion for summary judgment.
Defendant argues that the trial court erred in granting summary judgment for plaintiff.
Defendant argues that the trial court's ruling was reversible error.
Defendant argues that the withheld documents are protected by the attorney-client privilege.
Defendant argues that there was insufficient evidence that heknowingly possessed the cocaine.
Defendant argues the evidence was insufficient to convict.
Defendant argues the evidence was insufficient to support the conviction.
Defendant argues the record shows the State made no effort to negate the statutory exceptions.
Defendant argues the second district decided Harding incorrectly.
Defendant argues the trial court erred in granting plaintiff's motions for JNOV and new trial.
Defendant argues there is no proof that a conspiracy existed to possess ten pounds of marijuana.
Defendant argues three points of trial court error.
Defendant asks that the demurrer be sustained without leave to amend.
Defendant asserts a number of additional assignments of error.
Defendant asserts numerous other assignments of error.
Defendant asserts one allegation of trial court error.
Defendant asserts several bases for vacating the award, none of which have merit.
Defendant asserts that it complied with the statute.
Defendant asserts that it has good cause to set aside the default judgment.
Defendant asserts that plaintiff is the seller's assignee.
Defendant asserts that tacking is inappropriate here.
Defendant asserts that the district court erred in denying Defendant's motion to suppress.
Defendant asserts that the facts of the instant case satisfy the first scenario.
Defendant asserts that the prosecutor made improper remarks during opening statement.
Defendant asserts that the trial court made no such findings.
Defendant assigns error to the trial court's denial of that motion.
Defendant assigns error to the trial court's order granting plaintiff's motion for summary judgment.
Defendant attempts to distinguish the United States v.
Defendant bears the burden to demonstrate that such an error resulted in a miscarriage of justice.
Defendant believes in good faith .
Defendant brings forth four assignments of error.
Defendant brings forth several arguments on appeal.
Defendant brings forth several assignments of error as a cross-appeal.
Defendant brings forward several assignments of error.
Defendant brings forward three assignments of error.
Defendant brings forward two assignments of error.
Defendant carries the burden to establish the violation.
Defendant challenges several of the court's jury instructions.
Defendant challenges sufficiency of evidence to support depravity of mind instruction.
Defendant challenges the assessment given to a doctor s testimony regarding chlamydia.
Defendant challenges the conspiracy convictions.
Defendant challenges the constitutionality of the stalking statute on several grounds.
Defendant challenges the manageability of the proposed class.
Defendant challenges the sufficiency of the complaint upon two grounds.
Defendant cites no cases to the contrary.
Defendant claims ineffective assistance of counsel and prosecutorial misconduct.
Defendant claims sole authorship to prevent plaintiff from using another playwright.
Defendant claims that the entire conversation was a compromise negotiation.
Defendant claims that the firearm accidentally discharged.
Defendant claims that the Michigan Constitution prevents disclosure.
Defendant claims that the privacy and advisory exemptions are applicable.
Defendant claims that the trial court erred by holding it had no alternative to imposing sentence.
Defendant claims the evidence presented to the jury was insufficient to support the guilty verdicts.
Defendant claims the shooting was an accident.
Defendant complains of several remarks made toward defense counsel outside the jury's presence.
Defendant concedes having been served.
Defendant concedes that dismissal is appropriate.
Defendant concedes that employee exposure was normal during such work activity.
Defendant concedes that the rule was violated.
Defendant concedes that the sentence that the trial court originally imposed was legally incorrect.
Defendant confuses the length of the sentence with the period of probation.
Defendant contends it needs attorney notes to determine if that, in fact, happens.
Defendant contends that ladder use was a topic that had been discussed at the safety meeting.
Defendant contends that newly acquired or constructed property requires a new application.
Defendant contends that ruling was reversible error.
Defendant contends that the circuit court's in limine order was proper.
Defendant contends that the correct standard of review of the trial court's ruling is de novo .
Defendant contends that the correct standard of review of the trial court's ruling is de novo.
Defendant contends that the district court erred by refusing to hold a suppression hearing.
Defendant contends that the evidence failed to establish that there was a threat of immediate harm.
Defendant contends that the evidence preponderates against the trial court's finding.
Defendant contends that the gas pumps are fixtures and thus part of the realty.
Defendant contends that the phrase refers only to the original complaint in an action.
Defendant contends that the ruling can be reversed only if it is clearly erroneous.
Defendant contends that the stop was illegal since the trailer by law only needed one light.
Defendant contends that the trial court erred in refusing to give the requested instruction.
Defendant contends that the trial court erred when it failed to impose an alternative sentence.
Defendant contends that the verdict was contrary to the greater weight of the competent evidence.
Defendant contends that there was insufficient evidence to show premeditation and deliberation.
Defendant contends that there was no evidence of adequate provocation.
Defendant contends that they received advice that the transfer was permitted under the court order.
Defendant contends the admission of the testimony was plain error.
Defendant contends the evidence was insufficient to establish premeditation and deliberation.
Defendant contends the report was irrelevant and hearsay.
Defendant contends the surge was plaintiff's fault.
Defendant contends the testimony constituted impermissible hearsay.
Defendant contends the testimony was irrelevant and prejudicial.
Defendant contends the trial court erred in admitting evidence of the value of the stolen property.
Defendant contends the trial court erred in granting the preliminary injunction.
Defendant contends there is no such cause of action.
Defendant contends there was insufficient evidence to show premeditation and deliberation.
Defendant contests both the alleged violation and the reasonableness of the proposed penalty.
Defendant contests the reasonableness and necessity of claimant's ongoing chiropractic care.
Defendant continues to reside in New Jersey.
Defendant correctly argues that testimony concerning the polygraph was inadmissible.
Defendant counters that Oregon courts have rejected a mootness exception for such cases.
Defendant counters that the low fee award was within the range of the trial court's discretion.
Defendant cross moves for sanctions, costs, attorney fees and dismissal of the motion.
Defendant demands a jury trial on the counterclaim.
Defendant demonstrates no error in the court's admission of the photos.
Defendant denies all the allegations of count three of the complaint.
Defendant denies any liability.
Defendant denies doing or transacting any business in New York.
Defendant denies each and every allegation and disputes the reasonableness of the proposed penalty.
Defendant denies each and every allegation.
Defendant denies ever receiving such a letter.
Defendant denies knowing the co-conspirators.
Defendant denies making such allegations.
Defendant denies possession, control or occupation of the premises.
Defendant denies responsibility To deny responsibility is to contest the case.
Defendant denies that the hatch was defective.
Defendant denies that.
Defendant denies the allegation and disputes the reasonableness of the proposed penalty.
Defendant denies the existence of any practice of silence and delay.
Defendant denies the remaining allegations in said paragraph.
Defendant disputes that an interest existed in Robinson Island.
Defendant disputes that the plastic bag of marijuana was stored in a lamp stand.
Defendant does business in Hamilton County, Ohio, as well as several other Ohio counties.
Defendant emphasizes that the request at present is merely to preserve.
Defendant enters guilty plea.
Defendant establishes the base compensation rate of some employees, such as the receptionist.
Defendant fails to explain the relevance of such notification.
Defendant fails to provide a valid return electronic mail address to recipients.
Defendant fails to show the existence of error that has resulted in a miscarriage of justice.
Defendant finally assigns error to the trial court's award of attorney fees.
Defendant first argues that plaintiff's subpoena was improper.
Defendant first argues that the indictment was defective.
Defendant first assigns error to the trial court's order of attorney fees to the plaintiff.
Defendant first assigns error with the trial court's alimony award.
Defendant further admits that it presently provides patrons access to the Internet.
Defendant further asserts that plaintiff had very significant credibility problems.
Defendant further challenges the jury instruction regarding depravity of mind.
Defendant further contends that discovery as to damages is essentially complete.
Defendant gets up to leave .
Defendant goes to Store to buy something.
Defendant has a bachelor's degree in chemistry and a master's degree in computer science.
Defendant has a criminal history and a high level of familiarity with the criminal justice system.
Defendant has a fixed place of employment.
Defendant has a good safety record with no serious accidents ever having been reported.
Defendant has a history of violent behavior, threats, and alcohol abuse.
Defendant has a long history of mental illness and substance abuse.
Defendant has a protectable property interest in the junk cars.
Defendant has an annual gross income of .
Defendant has an overall IQ of eighty-four.
Defendant has appeal the decision.
Defendant has burden of proving good faith to establish a qualified immunity defense.
Defendant has different protection for pretrial delay.
Defendant has no duty to decrease the risk.
Defendant has no formal education above the high school level.
Defendant has no less interest in the length of a sentence just because it has been suspended.
Defendant has no written proof.
Defendant has such a tattoo.
Defendant has the burden to establish the exemption applied in a given case.
Defendant has the burden to show some actual prejudice.
Defendant here complains that there was no valid waiver of counsel prior to the initial hearing.
Defendant initially contends that the trial court erred in failing to dismiss plaintiffs' complaint.
Defendant interposes comparative negligence.
Defendant is a Canadian resident, who has been employed in Canada.
Defendant is a citizen and resident of Pennsylvania.
Defendant is a citizen of New York State.
Defendant is a classmate.
Defendant is a corporation which operates international commercial aircraft.
Defendant is a family corporation formed to develop a parcel of property as a mobile home park.
Defendant is a general contractor by trade and has performed roofing replacement in the past.
Defendant is a law firm that is said regularly to attempt to collect debts owed to other landlords.
Defendant is a member of the tribe.
Defendant is a neighbor of the victim in the trailer park in which both reside.
Defendant is a neurosurgeon practicing in Fayetteville.
Defendant is a parent.
Defendant is a professional bail bondsman.
Defendant is a prominent law firm.
Defendant is a properly organized Vermont municipality.
Defendant is a registered nurse who was employed by a hospital in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Defendant is a Rowan County corporation which operates a brick production facility.
Defendant is a ship-repair company based in Portland.
Defendant is a veteran of the Vietnam war.
Defendant is a white male.
Defendant is able to comply with the terms of probation.
Defendant is African-American, with black curly hair, and is five feet two inches tall.
Defendant is an accomplished equestrian who was a World Cup finalist several times.
Defendant is an accountant who owns a tax preparation business.
Defendant is an apparel wholesaler which is no longer an active company.
Defendant is an auto-parts company.
Defendant is an Illinois corporation, whose principal place of business is located in Chicago.
Defendant is an independent contractor hired by the postal service to deliver mail.
Defendant is an individual who is a citizen of and resides in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Defendant is and always has been an Iowa resident.
Defendant is asked to submit an appropriate order.
Defendant is based in Salem, Oregon.
Defendant is both a primary and excess liability insurer of plaintiff.
Defendant is charged in state court with reckless street-crossing.
Defendant is charged with burglary.
Defendant is charged with deviant sexual activity with a child.
Defendant is charged with possession of stolen property.
Defendant is charged with the crime of causing or facilitating escape.
Defendant is charged with the crime of permitting escape.
Defendant is charged with theft by deception or obtaining property by false pretenses.
Defendant is charged with world-building.
Defendant is competent to stand trial and that the plea entered is . . .
Defendant is convicted at trial.
Defendant is convicted of capital murder, and the court enters the sentencing phase of the case.
Defendant is convicted of first degree murder.
Defendant is correct as a matter of law.
Defendant is correct in arguing that a penalty is due.
Defendant is correct that there is no escape absent lawful custody.
Defendant is correct.
Defendant is currently a resident of Michigan.
Defendant is decedent's mother.
Defendant is deemed to have admitted all well pleaded allegations in the complaint.
Defendant is employed by .
Defendant is engaged in excavation and underground construction.
Defendant is entitled to a new trial.
Defendant is entitled to absolute immunity under the doctrine of legislative immunity.
Defendant is entitled to judgment as a matter of law.
Defendant is entitled to notice of the application for judgment.
Defendant is entitled to summary dismissal of that claim.
Defendant is entitled to summary judgment on the breach of contract claim.
Defendant is entitled to summary judgment on the record presented.
Defendant is free of any such infection at the time of arrest.
Defendant is free to raise the statute of limitations as a defense to any earlier claims.
Defendant is illiterate.
Defendant is in a manic episode with paranoid ideations.
Defendant is in direct competition with a product or service offered by plaintiff.
Defendant is in the business of building and selling houses.
Defendant is in the military stationed in Texas and anticipates being there for three years.
Defendant is in the ready-mix concrete business.
Defendant is incorrect.
Defendant is liable.
Defendant is no longer in business.
Defendant is on trial for illegal possession and sale of cocaine.
Defendant is one of several persons indicted in a complex case involving serious felony charges.
Defendant is ordered to pay child support.
Defendant is ordered to send a copy of the minute order to plaintiff.
Defendant is presumed prejudiced until the contrary is established.
Defendant is responsible for making payments until the payroll deduction begins.
Defendant is responsible for the medical costs associated with that epidural.
Defendant is responsible for victim's plight.
Defendant is served with a summons in Benton County.
Defendant is subject to a mandatory supervised release term of one year.
Defendant is the ambulance company that transported the injured minor to the hospital.
Defendant is the father of the child.
Defendant is the mother of four minors named in separate juvenile wardship petitions.
Defendant is the owner of a bicycle repair shop.
Defendant is the superintendent of the correctional facility in which plaintiff is incarcerated.
Defendant is the United States of America.
Defendant is therefore liable to plaintiff for unfair competition.
Defendant is to abstain from chemicals, including alcohol.
Defendant is to be given credit for three days of pre-sentence detention credit.
Defendant is to make payments on any balance owed after the alimony arrearage is ascertained.
Defendant is to take whatever procedural steps are necessary to schedule a trial setting conference.
Defendant is wanted for failure to appear to trial on conspiracy and marijuana cultivation charges.
Defendant is well aware of the penalty provisions of the statute.
Defendant is wrong.
Defendant lacks knowledge or information sufficient to form a belief as to plaintiff's residence.
Defendant maintains that claimant's work in prison demonstrated a successful return to work.
Defendant maintains that introduction of the other crime evidence constitutes reversible error.
Defendant maintains that it made no false representations with intent to deceive.
Defendant maintains that Plaintiffs fail prong one.
Defendant maintains that remand is necessary for a third reason.
Defendant makes no argument that plaintiff failed to comply with the rules of procedure.
Defendant makes several additional arguments that are beyond the scope of either certified question.
Defendant makes two arguments as to the propriety of the trial court's instructions.
Defendant manufactures industrial equipment.
Defendant means the party prosecuted in a criminal action.
Defendant misapprehends the nature of the assault described in the stalking statute.
Defendant mischaracterizes the record.
Defendant misconceives the nature of a grace period.
Defendant misunderstands how to properly challenge the trial court's findings of fact.
Defendant misunderstands the burden of proof placed upon the prosecution.
Defendant misunderstands the legal theory of complicity.
Defendant moves for a protective order.
Defendant moves to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction.
Defendant moves to dismiss husband's suit for failure to join an indepensable party.
Defendant moves to dismiss the complaint.
Defendant moves to suppress the contraband under the Fourth Amendment.
Defendant next argues that Cleveland had apparent authority to file the action.
Defendant next argues that the nine-year sentence was excessive.
Defendant next argues that the prosecutor's closing argument shifted the burden of proof.
Defendant next argues that the trial court erred in applying the wrong standard of proof.
Defendant next challenges the sufficiency of the evidence to support the conviction.
Defendant next contends that the trial court erred in modifying the jury instruction.
Defendant next contends the trial court erred by admitting hearsay statements of a key witness.
Defendant next contends the trial court erred in admitting the testimony of a fourth sister.
Defendant next contests the amount of alimony the court awarded to plaintiff.
Defendant notes other infirmities in the testimony.
Defendant now appeals as of right.
Defendant now appeals both actions.
Defendant now appeals by leave granted.
Defendant now appeals by right.
Defendant now appeals from that decision.
Defendant now appeals from that order.
Defendant now appeals that judgment.
Defendant now appeals that ruling.
Defendant now appeals the circuit court's order.
Defendant now appeals the order.
Defendant now appeals the restitution order.
Defendant now appeals, bringing forth four arguments.
Defendant now appeals, bringing forth fourarguments.
Defendant now appeals, challenging the award on various grounds.
Defendant now appeals.
Defendant now contends that the trial court erred by denying that motion.
Defendant now moves for summary judgment on the equitable estoppel claim.
Defendant now moves for summary judgment.
Defendant now seeks dismissal of the claim for damages.
Defendant objects on ground of hearsay.
Defendant objects on ground of privilege.
Defendant objects on the ground of lack of authentication and hearsay.
Defendant objects to the action.
Defendant objects to the imposition of two probation conditions.
Defendant objects to the issuance of the subpoena.
Defendant objects to the propriety of such a request for admission.
Defendant objects to the testimony.
Defendant objects to the video as hearsay.
Defendant observes that Oregon law favors effectuating the parties' choice of law.
Defendant observes that, before the stabbing, the victim had been drinking beer for several hours.
Defendant obtains ownership of the straw in exchange for removing it from the fields.
Defendant offers no formal papers in opposition to the motions.
Defendant offers web site development services to real estate agents in portions of Minnesota.
Defendant only appeals from the habitual driving charge.
Defendant only charges borrowers who request an account statement.
Defendant opposes the application for issuance of a preliminary injunction.
Defendant opposes the motion, and it has been submitted on the briefs.
Defendant owes no duty to respond to plaintiff's allegations regarding the transaction.
Defendant owes plaintiff the amount of said note and interest.
Defendant owes to plaintiff the amount of said note and interest.
Defendant owns a home in Rochester Hills in an area zoned for single-family residential use.
Defendant owns and operates a gas station which is also located in Carbondale, Pennsylvania.
Defendant owns and operates four log trucks.
Defendant owns property south and west of the subdivision, also adjacent to the road.
Defendant performs business in Vermont and leases or uses warehouses in Vermont.
Defendant posits several unavailing arguments.
Defendant presents a single issue for review.
Defendant presents fourteen issues for review.
Defendant presents no danger to others.
Defendant presents no evidence to show that the jury was improperly impaneled.
Defendant presents remaining witnesses.
Defendant presents three additional assignments of error.
Defendant presents three arguments on appeal.
Defendant presents three issues on appeal.
Defendant presents two arguments on appeal.
Defendant primarily provides high technology educational services.
Defendant provides no evidence suggesting that the award is unreasonable.
Defendant quarrels with the reviewing justice's requirement that issues be raised and briefed.
Defendant raises a number of issues upon appeal.
Defendant raises affirmative defenses but there is no affidavit of merit challenging liability.
Defendant raises essentially four arguments on appeal.
Defendant raises four issues for review.
Defendant raises four issues on appeal.
Defendant raises four points on appeal.
Defendant raises no challenge to the imposition of the extended-term sentences.
Defendant raises no issue regarding sentencing.
Defendant raises numerous issues, two of which merit discussion and appellate relief.
Defendant raises seven points on appeal.
Defendant raises several issues on appeal.
Defendant raises three issues on appeal.
Defendant raises three points on appeal.
Defendant raises two arguments on appeal.
Defendant raises two issues on appeal.
Defendant raises two new arguments on appeal.
Defendant raises two points on appeal.
Defendant reads too much into Graves .
Defendant recognizes that other jurisdictions have taken a contrary view.
Defendant recognizes that trial courts generally have power to sanction litigant misconduct.
Defendant relies on a line of cases that concern the adequacy of various notices of suspension.
Defendant relies on additional authorities.
Defendant relies on cases decided under Utah's probation statutes.
Defendant relies on the employees to report any incidents of harassment.
Defendant relies upon the broad discretion the trial court has in setting aside default judgments.
Defendant removes the case to federal court.
Defendant removes the negligence claim and the breach of contract claim.
Defendant removes to federal court.
Defendant rents an apartment from plaintiff in South Burlington.
Defendant requests a stay pending appeal.
Defendant requests the report.
Defendant resides and transacts or has transacted business in the Northern District of Georgia.
Defendant resides in, and is a citizen of, the State of Maryland.
Defendant resides in, and is a citizen of, the State of New York.
Defendant responds with a federal counterclaim.
Defendant retains title to the property.
Defendant returns five comic books in good condition, but five are crumpled and torn.
Defendant says plaintiff has paid nothing.
Defendant says plaintiff promised to forego interest.
Defendant says there is a question of credibility that prevents summary judgment.
Defendant seeks a competency hearing.
Defendant seeks a new trial.
Defendant seeks a protective order based on the above statute.
Defendant seeks a reversal of the circuit court's order and a reinstatement of the jury's verdict.
Defendant seeks a reversal of the convictions.
Defendant seeks discovery from the psychiatrist.
Defendant seeks to attribute any inadequacy in the record to the trial judge.
Defendant sells drinking water particle counters to municipalities throughout the United States.
Defendant sells personal computers and computer peripheral equipment.
Defendant sends electronic mail messages to individuals worldwide.
Defendant similarly misapprehends the scope of the various abstention doctrines.
Defendant simply makes the bald assertion that no probable cause existed.
Defendant submits no new facts, law, or circumstances.
Defendant suffers from psychogenic amnesia.
Defendant suggests a distinction without a difference, however.
Defendant sums up.
Defendant swears the light was green.
Defendant then presents a closing argument, followed by the plaintiff's rebuttal.
Defendant therefore fails to meet the definition of a class one insured.
Defendant transacts business and is found in the Southern District of Florida.
Defendant transacts business in the Northern District of Georgia.
Defendant unequivocally denies any oral promises regarding loan extensions or foreclosure delays.
Defendant urges error in the trial court's finding of guilt on the charge of assault.
Defendant urges that plaintiffs' argument is unsupported by Illinois law.
Defendant uses force or coercion.
Defendant voluntarily acts and puts victim in worse position.
Defendant waives right to arbitrate.
Defendants admit copying.
Defendants admit that eight of the nine plaintiffs currently are on the waiting list.
Defendants admit that plaintiff seeks to maintain a class.
Defendants admit that plaintiffs seek to maintain a class.
Defendants admit the first sentence.
Defendants admit they agreed to research the area of tobacco-related diseases and report findings.
Defendants advertise their camera vending machine venture through newspaper advertisements.
Defendants advertise their venture in newspapers across the country.
Defendants allege that they acted in accordance with advice from counsel.
Defendants allege that they are in the business of selling cosmetics.
Defendants also allege bad faith on the part of plaintiff.
Defendants also appeal the trial court's order granting plaintiff partial summary disposition.
Defendants also argue that the co-worker was an improper rebuttal witness.
Defendants also assert res judicata based on the original eviction procedure.
Defendants also assert that the code itself is speech that demands First Amendment protection.
Defendants also cite cases from other states.
Defendants also contend that plaintiff was required to request a limiting instruction.
Defendants also contend the trial court erred by entering judgment upon an inconsistent verdict.
Defendants also have a location in North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.
Defendants also have the right to plead for a pardon.
Defendants also misperceive the applicability of the cases upon which they rely.
Defendants also move for judgment on the pleadings.
Defendants also point to regulations concerning the conduct of recalls by manufacturers.
Defendants also use telephones, faxes, and mail to distribute their promotional documents.
Defendants appeal and argue four assignments of error.
Defendants appeal and plaintiffs cross-appeal.
Defendants appeal arguing that the court gave the majority commissioners too much deference.
Defendants appeal as of right.
Defendants appeal convictions of malicious wounding and battery.
Defendants appeal convictions of the offense of neglect and abuse of an incapacitated adult.
Defendants appeal decision.
Defendants appeal from an adverse verdict in a boundary line dispute matter.
Defendants appeal from an order denying their motion for summary judgment dismissing the complaint.
Defendants appeal from district court order overruling their motions to dismiss.
Defendants appeal from judgment and order, and plaintiff from order denying attorneys' fees.
Defendants appeal from order granting plaintiff's motion for summary judgment.
Defendants appeal from that decision.
Defendants appeal from that judgment.
Defendants appeal from the amended order.
Defendants appeal from the denial of their motion for summary judgment.
Defendants appeal from three orders of the trial court.
Defendants appeal that decision.
Defendants appeal the district court stay.
Defendants appeal the district court's decision on two grounds.
Defendants appeal the judgment and certain evidentiary rulings rendered by the trial court.
Defendants appeal the trial court's denial of their motion to dismiss the first claim for relief.
Defendants appeal the trial court's denial of their motion.
Defendants appeal the trial court's denial of their motions to suppress evidence.
Defendants appeal the trial court's order granting Allstate summary judgment.
Defendants appeal therefrom.
Defendants appeal, and plaintiffs cross-appeal.
Defendants appear to assume that there is.
Defendants are architects and contractors who designed and built the structure.
Defendants are at a considerable psychological disadvantage.
Defendants are at risk of losing all their constitutional rights.
Defendants are capable of state names.
Defendants are citizens of Pennsylvania and Virginia respectively.
Defendants are commercial farmers.
Defendants are correct.
Defendants are criminals.
Defendants are free to study, discuss, debate and experiment with cryptography.
Defendants are generally smart, well educated and ready to take the stand in their own defence.
Defendants are innocent until proven guilty.
Defendants are jointly and severally liable for payment of the civil penalty.
Defendants are jointly and severally responsible for paying the penalty.
Defendants are liable to the decedents' estates and survivors for compensatory and punitive damages.
Defendants are litigants.
Defendants are option exchanges that provide a forum on which their members trade options.
Defendants are plaintiff's customers, the customers' banks, and the employee's bank.
Defendants are presumed innocent until convicted.
Defendants are prison guards or prison officials.
Defendants are private entities whose operations affect commerce.
Defendants are prone to claim such videotapes inaccurate.
Defendants are region's largest municipal sewage dischargers.
Defendants are the adult children of plaintiff s previous marriage.
Defendants are the biological parents of the children at issue.
Defendants are the manufacturers and installers of the insulation.
Defendants are the person who received the excess benefit and the board members who approved it.
Defendants are usually government agencies with never-ending financial resources.
Defendants are wrong.
Defendants argue plaintiff failed to plead such awareness on their part.
Defendants argue that a negligence action is adequate to address plaintiff's injury.
Defendants argue that plaintiff is estopped from denying the corporate existence of defendants.
Defendants argue that plaintiffs' assumption was at variance with their intent in making the offer.
Defendants argue that plaintiff's claims are subject to binding arbitration.
Defendants argue that plaintiff's post-suspension hearing satisfied the act's requirement.
Defendants argue that the bond condition was an abuse of discretion.
Defendants argue that the court's test, taken as a whole, is consistent with our precedent.
Defendants argue that the covenants are real covenants which run with the land.
Defendants argue that the exclusions section of the policy is ambiguous.
Defendants argue that the statute is obsolete and no longer serves any reasonable purpose.
Defendants argue that the tests have content validity because they resemble some firefighting tasks.
Defendants argue that the trial court erred by increasing the extent and scope of the easement.
Defendants argue that there is no rational basis for excluding cattle from the statute.
Defendants argue that they are entitled to summary judgment on two grounds.
Defendants argue the trial court erred in denying their motion for summary disposition.
Defendants argue they never sold wine but merely promoted it.
Defendants argue with some force that plaintiff is attempting to circumvent the discovery deadline.
Defendants arguments to the contrary are unpersuasive.
Defendants ask a rhetorical question to illustrate the limits of plaintiffs' argument.
Defendants assert on appeal that the claimant's current petition is barred by res judicata.
Defendants assert that a classic issue of fact exists and precludes taking judicial notice.
Defendants assert that the question was outside the scope of their cross-examination of the witness.
Defendants assert that they appropriately terminated plaintiff's interest in the partnership.
Defendants assert that they have legitimate defenses to plaintiff's allegations.
Defendants assert there is no competent evidence to support the above findings of fact.
Defendants assign four errors by the trial court.
Defendants attack the fraud claim on several grounds.
Defendants base their motion to dismiss on two grounds.
Defendants bear a 'heavy burden' to establish ownership by adverse possession.
Defendants bear the burden of proof.
Defendants bear the burden of proving that transfer is appropriate.
Defendants can appeal at every turn.
Defendants can be deemed mentally ill but still legally responsible for a crime, experts note.
Defendants can be from the same state.
Defendants can challenge the premium.
Defendants can choose to work as long as necessary to receive credit toward fines.
Defendants can confront their accusers and have the right to call witnesses in their defense.
Defendants can defend by laying back and seeing if the plaintiffs can establish their claims.
Defendants can have whatever counsel they choose, from another cadet to a professional attorney.
Defendants can make intelligent decisions about their course of action.
Defendants can petition the court for legal and living expenses before the trial.
Defendants can recover costs of defense.
Defendants can sometimes make a clever argument.
Defendants can still rely on causation defences to a claim in contract.
Defendants can strike plea bargains early in the process.
Defendants can waive their presence at trial in cases involving misdemeanors.
Defendants challenge the restrictions under the remaining two exceptions as discussed infra .
Defendants challenge the trial court's imposition of an enhanced sentence.
Defendants challenge two of the trial court's findings on the four factors.
Defendants charge consumers additional fees before providing their services.
Defendants choose their own lawyers.
Defendants cite neither statute nor caselaw in support of their argument.
Defendants cite no authority for the proposition that denial of a stay is appealable.
Defendants cite no authority for their request.
Defendants cite no authority to support their position.
Defendants claim an estate or interest in the real property described that is adverse to plaintiff.
Defendants claim such evidence was irrelevant and prejudicial.
Defendants claim that the court erred in awarding prejudgment interest to plaintiffs.
Defendants claim that the motion is untimely.
Defendants claim that the regulation is needed to maintain prison security.
Defendants claim that they are entitled to qualified immunity.
Defendants concede that they never timely responded to the discovery.
Defendants consist of the cream of the modern multinationals.
Defendants contend arbitration was commenced but that plaintiff's counsel withdrew.
Defendants contend plaintiff' s daughter was a trespasser.
Defendants contend that plaintiffs' claims are moot.
Defendants contend that plaintiff's responses remained incomplete.
Defendants contend that the evidence was relevant as to the amount of defendants' damages.
Defendants contend that the fence line west of the road is the boundary of their property.
Defendants contend that the issue is now moot.
Defendants contend that the present matter is clearly distinguishable from the aforementioned case.
Defendants contend that the trial court erred in awarding attorney fees to plaintiffs.
Defendants contend that the trial court erred in granting plaintiff's motion for summary judgment.
Defendants contend the trial court erroneously denied their motions attacking the jury verdict.
Defendants contest the time billed for responding to their motion to dismiss as unnecessary.
Defendants contest the validity of plaintiffs legal assertions.
Defendants continue to consider local communities as the primary source of school funding.
Defendants convicted after trial have an automatic right to an appeal.
Defendants counsel then and there excepted to the ruling of the court.
Defendants counterclaim for declaratory and injunctive relief and for compensatory damages.
Defendants cross-appeal the denial of their motion to suppress.
Defendants cross-appeal the district court's denial of their request for fees.
Defendants cross-move to dismiss the complaint, or, in the alternative, for summary judgment.
Defendants deny all allegations.
Defendants deny attempting to benefit from North Carolina law by entering the market here.
Defendants deny plaintiffs' allegations.
Defendants deny receipt of the documents.
Defendants deny remainder of averment.
Defendants deny that the estimated time for obtaining a permit ranges from twelve to twenty years.
Defendants deny that the prison transfer was retaliatory.
Defendants deny the remaining allegations.
Defendants dispute that they breached any term of the parties' contract.
Defendants dispute the existence of the oral contract.
Defendants enjoy a presumption of innocence.
Defendants err in their premise.
Defendants expressly deny any liability whatsoever to the plaintiffs.
Defendants fail to cite any case law to support their motion.
Defendants feel overwhelmed and are willing to comply with some of the requests.
Defendants first argue that there was an occurrence because the alleged harm here was accidental.
Defendants first argue the trial court was without authority to modify the judgments.
Defendants first assert that the plain meaning of the statute requires de novo review.
Defendants first claim the trial court erred in applying La.
Defendants first contend the record contains no evidence of waiver.
Defendants further argue that the amount of attorney's fees awarded is excessive.
Defendants further argue that the new statute applies retroactively to plaintiff's action.
Defendants further contend that the district court's findings and conclusions are insufficient.
Defendants get an opportunity to take responsibility and keep a clean juvenile record.
Defendants have a constitutional right to a public trial.
Defendants have a perpetual right of passage for foot passengers.
Defendants have a responsibility to be vigilant in preserving their appeal rights.
Defendants have a right to an attorney.
Defendants have a right to bail except in capital cases.
Defendants have a right to counsel, and public defenders are available.
Defendants have a right to discover plaintiffs' theories through written interrogatories.
Defendants have fewer rights in civil cases than in criminal cases.
Defendants have no objection to the within motion.
Defendants have no present plans to make DRHS into a tertiary care hospital.
Defendants have no right of appeal at state security courts.
Defendants have no substantive or procedural right to bargain-basement sentences.
Defendants have rights.
Defendants have significant reasons to doubt the objectivity of the court.
Defendants have the authority to either accept or deny each claim for benefits as submitted.
Defendants have the option of hiring their own attorney or represent themselves.
Defendants have the right to a defence.
Defendants have the right to a fair trial by a jury of their peers.
Defendants have the right to a jury trial in criminal matters.
Defendants have the right to appeal.
Defendants have the right to appear and defend themselves in person at all stages of trial.
Defendants have the right to be present and to consult with an attorney in a timely manner.
Defendants have the right to private or court-appointed counsel.
Defendants have the right to retain private counsel of their choice.
Defendants have to date declined to release the full results of the first phase of study.
Defendants have to wait for a trial to offer a medical defense.
Defendants here argue that the issue has become moot.
Defendants induce consumers to purchase vacation packages by means of a telephone sales pitch.
Defendants instead seek for the court to simply disallow the improper nonrenewal of the franchise.
Defendants listen to interpreters through tiny earpieces.
Defendants live and are working from their homes in northern Virginia.
Defendants mail out advertisements to consumers throughout the United States.
Defendants maintain that the underlying obligation was discharged, thereby extinguishing the Note.
Defendants make the same argument here.
Defendants make the within motions for summary judgment.
Defendants make two arguments.
Defendants misread Gibbs .
Defendants misunderstand their burden as the moving party.
Defendants move and change addresses without notice.
Defendants move for partial summary judgment.
Defendants move to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction.
Defendants move to dismiss plaintiffs' complaint on three alternative grounds.
Defendants move to dismiss the amended complaint.
Defendants move to remove the case to the Northern District of California.
Defendants named in indictments or criminal complaints remain innocent unless proven guilty.
Defendants next argue that the trial court erred in admitting certain hearsay testimony.
Defendants now appeal.
Defendants now challenge that ruling.
Defendants now have an incentive to challenge the prosecution's theory of the cause of death.
Defendants now move to dismiss the fifth cause of action for lack of jurisdiction.
Defendants now move to dismiss the instant action on the grounds of forum non conveniens.
Defendants now say that trial coun- sel acted incompetently in requesting that hearing.
Defendants now seek summary judgment.
Defendants object and move to strike the affidavits on the grounds of hearsay.
Defendants object to the magistrate's recommendation to deny their motion.
Defendants offer no evidence that the statement was made or that it damaged Defendants.
Defendants offer numerous avenues for public participation in land use planning.
Defendants oppose removal of any portion of the building, and oppose the payment of any penalty.
Defendants oppose the motions.
Defendants oppose the petition as excessive.
Defendants overlook the importance of the language of the very statute they cite.
Defendants own a one acre tract of land upon which their home is situated.
Defendants own, operate, or lease the professional office of a health care provider.
Defendants pay hourly legal fees for their attorneys.
Defendants pay the bail to gain release pending the next hearing date.
Defendants point to an affidavit of a detective who investigated the dealer s fraudulent scheme.
Defendants possess an absolute right to attend their own trials.
Defendants pray that plaintiffs' complaint be dismissed for lack of merit.
Defendants present several other assignments of error.
Defendants purport to offer consumers a legal means of sending first class mail for two cents.
Defendants raise a number of other issues on appeal.
Defendants raise another objection to the scope of plaintiffs' request for an injunction.
Defendants raise five assignments of error on appeal.
Defendants raise numerous challenges in connection with their convictions and sentences.
Defendants raise several other arguments in opposition to plaintiffs' ECOA claim.
Defendants raise three issues on appeal.
Defendants raise two issues and plaintiff raises one issue on appeal.
Defendants read but never responded to the letter.
Defendants read the regulations differently.
Defendants receive a complete copy of their sentencing order in the courtroom.
Defendants receive a complete copy of their sentencing order right in the courtroom.
Defendants receive a fee award, however, only when the plaintiff's claim was objectively groundless.
Defendants recognize that sec.
Defendants request an award of attorneys' fees on appeal.
Defendants request for sanctions is denied.
Defendants require correctional officers to wear official uniforms while performing their jobs.
Defendants reside in the District of Wyoming.
Defendants routinely deny consumers' requests for full refunds or cancellations.
Defendants routinely enter and exit their own property.
Defendants seek a stay of discovery pending the outcome of their motion.
Defendants seek damages and declaratory and injunctive relief.
Defendants seek dismissal of the breach of fiduciary duty claim on several grounds.
Defendants seek summary judgment on each of plaintiff's claims.
Defendants sell the seeds that farmers use to grow fresh-market tomatoes.
Defendants send apology letters to victims.
Defendants serve as legal counsel for Park Lake.
Defendants similarly fail to put on evidentiary facts of undue hardship.
Defendants state that numerous potentially relevant documents exist.
Defendants take a contrary view.
Defendants take an applicant's race into account when making admissions decisions.
Defendants take the position that only pending claims survive death pursuant to the statute.
Defendants therefore conclude the lease is terminable upon their election.
Defendants thus have to wait even longer than usual to see a judge.
Defendants thus suggest that the new policy is a reasonable attempt to anticipate security threats.
Defendants typically sit at the defense table and try to look as innocuous as possible.
Defendants urge the court to deny the plaintiffs request.
Defendants frequently do avoid conviction.
Defendants often make the mistake of withholding information from their counsel.
Defendants sometimes have no choice but to enter into a plea agreement.
Defendants usually believe that the best defense is a well considered offense.
Defendants Usually Win.
All defendants appeal the denial of their summary judgment motion on the First Amendment claim.
All defendants appeal.
All defendants are citizens of the State of Connecticut.
All defendants are innocent until proven guilty.
All defendants charged with felonies have a right to a jury trial.
All defendants do deserve a fair trial.
All defendants facing serious criminal charges have an absolute right to a jury.
All defendants have a constitutional right to decline to give testimony in their own defense.
All defendants have access to legal counsel, at public expense if necessary.
All defendants have the right to an attorney at all hearings.
All defendants have the right to appeal.
All defendants move to dismiss on all available constitutional and RFRA grounds.
All defendants remain in custody.
All defendants reside in Southern California.
Every defendant has the right to their attorney's advice.
Every defendant is considered innocent until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
Every defendant is considered innocent until and unless proven guilty.
Every defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.
Every defendant is presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty.
Every defendant is presumed innocent until proven guilty.
Every defendant is presumed to be mentally responsible.
Many defendants have charges pending in more than one jurisdiction.
Many defendants meet their attorney the day before or the morning of their trial.
Most defendants facing similar charges get minimal or suspended prison terms.
Most defendants plead guilty to some crime.
Most defendants plead guilty.
Most defendants represent themselves in court proceedings.
Some defendants admit that they broke the law and pay the penalty shown on the complaint.
Some defendants also face charges relating to the illegal possession of firearms.
Some defendants can post bond prior to the hearing, based on certain conditions.
Some defendants even take advantage of it.
Some defendants face the same charges that they did before, while others face additional counts.
Some defendants have a poor demeanor when speaking in public.
Some defendants hire an attorney to act on their behalf in court while others represent themselves.
Some defendants try to use peer review to derail competitors.
Some defendants visit their local courthouse and sit through a few criminal hearings.
Defenders Of Wildlife is one.
A defender is a person
Defender becomes active as offense learns moves.
Defender bends knees, channels, feints to tackle, etc.
Defender chooses the victim.
Defender decides whether to charge the tip or stay deep and cover deep tips.
Defender declares other battle-related cards.
Defender deploys first.
Defender ends the attack with an upward strike to the chin of the attacker with the gun.
Defender gets back in line.
Defender has ball at feet.
Defender has some really nifty sound effects.
Defender has to make a legitimate takeaway to convert the other player into the new defender.
Defender immediately steps in with a left backfist strike to the bridge of the nose.
Defender is a well presented game with very good graphics, animation, sound effects and music.
Defender is first.
Defender is half speed.
DeFender is the ultimate in topside protection in the form of a large inflatable fender.
Defender isa individual.
Defender isa person.
Defender isa somebody.
Defender isa someone.
Defender makes a pass to the attacker.
Defender needs to work hard at closing down the space while the ball is in flight.
Defender offers the option of using software or hand-held tokens.
Defender pins attackers hand in place.
Defender places all their features then the invader.
Defender remains one of the top ten arcade games of all time.
Defender sloughs to help down and on kick out to wing player defender closes out.
Defender steps forward with the right foot, turns to the left and parries with the right hand.
Defender steps to outside and blocks punch. .
Defender stops hackers cold.
Defender then strikes attacker with weapon.
Defender too keeps track of which Additives are around - newly discovered additives are disabled.
Defender tries to dispossess attacker.
Defender tries to gain possession of the ball.
Defender wins by trapping attacker's hands and punching.
Defenders also has a marine program office in Monterey, California.
Defenders also practice tackling when necessary.
Defenders also speak of the school as an institution necessary for the transmission of democracy.
Defenders are a special breed, that's for sure.
Defenders are better off than attackers in times of credit crunch.
Defenders are combatants.
Defenders are limited to their responsibilities.
Defenders are on each side of a cutter.
Defenders are though to beat.
Defenders argue that tenure encourages free expression in education.
Defenders argue that the likelihood of success of such ploys is negligible.
Defenders can collect data, and help clients who wish to file complaints.
Defenders can develop techniques for forcing fumbles.
Defenders can dive, jump, and use a swim move to beat linemen.
Defenders carry on with pre-invasion life.
Defenders commits to compensating ranchers market value for livestock lost to wolves.
Defenders compare the truth commission favorably to criminal trials, and the argument is powerful.
Defenders confront occupiers with the discrepancy between their self-image and their actions.
Defenders contends that the pronghorn's dire situation deserves similar consideration.
Defenders continually works to increase public understanding and acceptance of wolves.
Defenders convinces Arizona cattle growers and wool producers to cooperate with recovery.
Defenders cover offensive players very well, whether defending the pass or the run.
Defenders defend children.
Defenders earn respect by fearlessly hurling their bodies into ballcarriers.
Defenders form a circle, holding hands and facing outward, with their captain in the center.
Defenders go first, unless one of the sides has military, in which case it goes first.
Defenders grab a flag worn around the waist instead of tackling the ball carrier.
Defenders have (part) arms.
Defenders have (part) body substances.
Defenders have (part) cell membranes.
Defenders have (part) cells.
Defenders have (part) corpi.
Defenders have (part) cytoplasm.
Defenders have (part) heads.
Defenders have (part) human bodies.
Defenders have (part) legs.
Defenders have (part) material bodies.
Defenders have (part) necks.
Defenders have (part) nuclei.
Defenders have (part) personality.
Defenders have (part) plasma membranes.
Defenders have (part) sections.
Defenders have (part) vacuoles.
Defenders have discretion in choosing whether to fight for acquittal or bargain away innocence.
Defenders have the high ground, but at least the flag is close.
Defenders have to do their jobs.
Defenders hosts three annual wolf summits in Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
Defenders launches Mexican wolf booth advocacy campaigns in Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
Defenders leads coalition to counter lawsuit.
Defenders line up in a single file beside the goal post.
Defenders maintain that impact is mostly limited and of low intensity compared to natural events.
Defenders make occupiers feel unwelcome.
Defenders move to intercept.
Defenders never guard an area.
Defenders never hit hard, they simply make sure the ball is hit back onto the table.
Defenders pays fall value for calves or lambs killed in the spring or summer.
Defenders pays the projected fall value for calves or lambs killed in the spring or summer.
Defenders point out that most of that revenue goes to the toy and game manufacturers.
Defenders provide a face-saving way out for the occupier.
Defenders provides a number of opportunities for first -year students.
Defenders push and shove while ball handlers swing elbows and toss off head fakes.
Defenders reduce cost.
Defenders reduce energy cost.
Defenders refuse to collaborate.
Defenders representing juvenile offenders are the first line of referral to the project.
Defenders respond that PACs are a way in which people can participate in politics.
Defenders ridicule the allegation.
Defenders say fingerprint evidence has been used with a high level of success for nearly a century.
Defenders say it evokes democracy's triumph over totalitarianism.
Defenders say it imposes no major cost on taxpayers while safeguarding American jobs.
Defenders say it imposes no major cost on taxpayers while safeguarding U.S. jobs.
Defenders say such caution is inevitable in an election year.
Defenders say that heirs and estates have a right to use their property as they see fit.
Defenders say the activists are brave crusaders for the planet's well-being.
Defenders say the city's coastal perch is deceivingly beautiful and needs state funds.
Defenders say the emblem pays tribute to Southern heritage.
Defenders say the prairie dog shoots are a valuable control method.
Defenders seem to be in the right place at the right time.
Defenders set up equipment and lines in preparation for fighting the gathering inferno.
Defenders simply give ball back if they intercept or kick out of area.
Defenders sponsors five-state reintroduction feasibility studies in northern Mexico.
Defenders stand on every other spot and can only pivot on their spot to reach for the ball.
Defenders state that any forensic method is subject to error.
Defenders struggle to retain control of the social instruments that can be used for domination.
Defenders supports efforts to make roads less dangerous to wildlife.
Defenders take turns in goal by rotating after each cross.
Defenders tend to play closely when the offensive player is a good jump shooter.
Defenders Use mosquito netting over playpens or strollers to protect small children from bites.
Defenders often go unnoticed as they do their job tirelessly.
Defenders often possess a wider range of combat types.
Defenders sometimes get superiority, such as if skirmishers attack lancers.
Most defenders are defensively good, but building a little less.
Most defenders defend children.
Most defenders prefer to watch the disc as well as their man.
Most defenders prefer to watch the disc as well as their player.
Most defenders reduce cost.
Most defenders reduce energy cost.
Some defenders argue versions.
Some defenders have advantage.
Some defenders have quotas.
Some defenders have shoots.
Some defenders hire technicians.
Some defenders hold women.
Some defenders leave too early, and some defenders leave too late.
Some defenders make choices.
Some defenders monitor operations.
Some defenders play a very proactive role in the establishment of drug courts.
Some defenders point out parents.
Some defenders say in statements.
Some defenders survive by evading while some survive by absorbing blows.
Some defenders use diets.
Some Defenders wear cricket batting gloves.
Defenestration is an expulsion
Defenestration is so, well, unDanish.
Defenestration is the noun form of the word.
A defense attorney is a lawyer
Defense attorneys agree.
Defense attorneys are duty-bound to scratch and claw to win for their clients.
Defense attorneys are fond of referring to that state as being borderline retarded.
Defense attorneys are in the final stages of their closing arguments.
Defense attorneys are lawyers.
Defense attorneys argue it was a drug overdose.
Defense attorneys believe the statement shows just the opposite.
Defense attorneys believe there's never been anyone guilty of murder.
Defense attorneys call it a prison in disguise.
Defense attorneys can offer mitigating circumstances in hopes of saving their client's life.
Defense attorneys claim investigators misrepresented what the couple actually said on tape.
Defense attorneys deny their clients belong to any arch-criminal organization.
Defense attorneys disagree, saying the opinions of the two experts are mutually exclusive.
Defense attorneys do the same thing on a different front.
Defense attorneys expect the jury to deliberate for at least two weeks.
Defense attorneys face no deadline in making their disqualification decision.
Defense attorneys have a variety of means to question the government's case.
Defense attorneys have to sift the material to find what is applicable to their clients.
Defense attorneys have twenty days to file appeals.
Defense attorneys have yet to get their turn, and no jurors have been seated.
Defense attorneys hope the jury emphasizes other segments of the videotaped meeting.
Defense attorneys keep law enforcement honest by making sure the rules are followed.
Defense attorneys object to the proposal.
Defense attorneys offer an ambiguous view of the system.
Defense attorneys plan to appeal the verdicts.
Defense attorneys plan to take about four days to present their side.
Defense attorneys prepare to launch a surprise attack and resolve an unsettling internal debate.
Defense attorneys question whether that's possible, especially in extreme cases.
Defense attorneys rely on a variety of arguments to discredit the prosecutor's witnesses.
Defense attorneys say adequate legal assistance is guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution.
Defense attorneys say it's a fantasy, but it crosses over to reality with the meetings.
Defense attorneys say that the Texas decision is a sign of things to come.
Defense attorneys say the accident was nothing more than an accident.
Defense attorneys say the boys died in a botched suicide attempt.
Defense attorneys say the deal was never completed.
Defense attorneys say the teen didn t know about the failing grade.
Defense attorneys take issue with use of the theory.
Defense attorneys take the attorney-client relationship very seriously.
Defense attorneys use delaying tactics to manipulate the selection of judges.
Most defense attorneys are honorable and very hard working.
Most defense attorneys use investigators to help their client's defense.
Some defense attorneys believe otherwise.
Some defense attorneys request that their own form be signed.
Defense companies close ranks.
Defense companies generate virtually their entire sales volume through government defense contracts.
Defense companies undertake a broad array of activities to satisfy offset requirements.
A defense contractor is a contractor
Defense contractors are contractors.
Defense contractors are no different.
Defense contractors are no longer the only target of high-tech theft.
Defense contractors are workers.
Defense contractors can no longer buy silver cheaply from the government stockpile.
Defense contractors do.
Defense Contractors Sov.
Many defense contractors are highly capable of developing their own sophisticated tools.
Defense councils drool, foaming at the mouth, waiting for another bloodbath to unfold.
Defense counsel appears to have had two strategies.
Defense counsel asks no further questions and tenders the witness for cross examination.
Defense counsel faces no limits.
Defense counsel has no duty to advance specious claims of constitutional deprivation.
Defense counsel includes charges of ineffective assistance.
Defense counsel is given wide latitude to cross-examine prosecution witnesses.
Defense counsel is presumed effective unless proven otherwise.
Defense counsel select a date at pretrial.
Defense counsel speaks in a whisper that only the judge can hear.
Defense counsel speaks to the content of the films shown the previous day.
Defense counsel wants corroboration of plaintiff's mental distress.
Some defense forces cause death.
Defense industries are also important.
Defense industries are another field in which the demand for technicians has lessened.
A defense lawyer is a lawyer
Defense lawyers are afraid of that.
Defense lawyers are dubious.
Defense lawyers are the real patriots.
Defense lawyers argue for a three year suspended sentence.
Defense lawyers argue that the fibers are also consistent with many other materials.
Defense lawyers can believe, or appear to believe, anything.
Defense lawyers can get a copy of the tape and make a transcript on their own.
Defense lawyers can spend more time representing clients and less time on clerical tasks.
Defense lawyers claim case law supports their position to have the verdicts validated.
Defense lawyers claim police arrested the wrong men.
Defense lawyers claim that their clients lose no matter what the police find.
Defense lawyers complain that the enforcement staff lacks experience.
Defense lawyers contend authorities are fishing for suspects in the sensational case.
Defense lawyers contend the veterans died of natural causes.
Defense lawyers cost a lot of money.
Defense lawyers decry reimprisonment of homeless inmates.
Defense lawyers face many ethical issues in domestic violence cases.
Defense lawyers hate it.
Defense lawyers have little chance to explore whether they are lying.
Defense lawyers let victim testimony go unchallenged, which they later explained to jurors.
Defense lawyers make money by billing files.
Defense lawyers plan to appeal the verdict in a higher court.
Defense lawyers prefer working out a plea agreement to mounting a stiff defense in the courtroom.
Defense lawyers salt the record with deliberate mistakes, then say the killer had a lousy defense.
Defense lawyers say it was an accident.
Defense lawyers say it's about time.
Defense lawyers say nothing has been proven and that their clients are innocent.
Defense lawyers say police arrested the wrong people.
Defense lawyers say sanctions can vary widely, raising the issue of fairness.
Defense lawyers say that the court's ruling poses a disturbing threat to the freedom of speech.
Defense lawyers say the misplaced evidence is ground for a mistrial.
Defense lawyers say the number of death-penalty cases is likely to remain high.
Defense lawyers say the shooting was an accident that happened during horseplay with the gun.
Defense lawyers say the suspects are being held under unconstitutionally restrictive conditions.
Defense lawyers sleep or stagger drunk or stoned through trials.
Defense lawyers sleep through trials.
Defense lawyers sleep.
Defense lawyers tend to agree.
Defense lawyers tend to be paid by the hour.
Some defense lawyers establish a coach-player relationship with potential company witnesses.
A defense mechanism is an unconscious process
Defense mechanisms allow prey to stay alive.
Defense mechanisms are processes.
Defense mechanisms are varied.
Defense mechanisms are very important to all animal life.
Defense mechanisms are viruses.
Defense mechanisms arise in the presence of fear.
Defense mechanisms go up and walls are built.
Defense mechanisms have at least two general char- acteristics.
Defense mechanisms have to be bypassed.
Defense mechanisms help protect against the troublesome nature of the real world.
Defense mechanisms kick in.
All defense mechanisms function indi- rectly and unconsciously.
Every defense mechanism is designed to keep unconscious content from entering conscious awareness.
Some defense mechanisms help animals.
Defense players go utterly unappreciated.
Defense policy is a program
Defense policy is now being make by small groups without much public debate.
Defense procurement is predicted to be slashed by two-thirds in the coming years.
Defense spending constitutes about half of overall discretionary expenditures.
Defense spending constitutes about half of overall expenditures for appropriated programs.
Defense spending does create jobs, but little else of economic value.
Defense spending is now far below the requirements of American strategy and global leadership.
Defense spending is the government's largest expenditure.
Defense spending is up and civilian spending is down.
Defense spending produces little or nothing except in times of war.
Defense spending remains a potent factor in the equation.
Defense spending remains low, despite pressures to modernize weapons systems.
Defense spending remains very popular . . .
A defense system is an arms
Defense systems range from fly swatters to electric bug zappers and whatever else is handy.
Defense achieves worldwide deployment of composite health care system.
Defense also improves with repetition.
Defense also wants to realize cost savings by eliminating excess infrastructure.
Defense Asks To Have Statements Suppressed .
Defense Be cautious when downloading any software from the Internet.
Defense begins at the end of the countdown.
Defense begins presentation of their case.
Defense blocks off after shot and retrieves ball.
Defense blocks off after shot, retrieves ball.
Defense Build up.
Defense calls for defensive strategies.
Defense calls witnesses.
Defense can also be a deciding factor.
Defense can be consistent.
Defense can be from hits by the coach or from real hitters.
Defense can be really fun.
Defense can be there every night.
Defense can start anywhere they want.
Defense can vary based on the habitat of the bee.
Defense can win games in the regular season.
Defense clamps down in second half.
Defense clearly wins.
Defense collects educational and other information for recruiting purposes.
Defense come up to the points for shots, but be sure to get back when the play heads the other way.
Defense comes first in the Dallas system and births offense.
Defense comes from the heart.
Defense comes in many other forms too.
Defense comes with a thorough manual and extensive online help.
Defense continues to be a strength of the team.
Defense continues to be one of the 'Cats strong points as demonstrated in the game.
Defense continues to develop.
Defense counters several force powers, at least while the defense user possesses some force mana.
Defense depends on rigorous intelligence-gathering and law enforcement.
Defense does win championships.
Defense dominates everything.
Defense dominates game.
Defense encompasses both passive and active efforts.
Defense Examine the targetted system.
Defense explains plenty.
Defense fits right in there, with enjoyable game play and plenty of options to tweak.
Defense forms a cyberprotection office to guard the nation's infrastructure.
Defense gets a break The jurors also heard from a couple of expert witnesses.
Defense gets a quarter.
Defense gets it done, offense is just there to entertai the crowd.
Defense gets the highest marks, though.
Defense gets tough .
Defense has advisory boards to expand community involvement in cleanup decisions at military bases.
Defense has good size and leadership.
Defense has the right to cross-examine each witness.
Defense has to be a big part of every game because sometimes the offense stagnates.
Defense has to be better than last year.
Defense has to come from the escort car.
Defense helps a lot, too.
Defense hold tight.
Defense hopes so.
Defense includes active steps when one is faced with an aggressor.
Defense Install the hotfix described below.
Defense involves bouts of calling, chasing and displaying of their distinct white genitals.
Defense involves postural displays, snorting and stamping, and serious fighting.
Defense involves regular morning songs and calling at and chasing intruders.
Defense involves visual displays, vocalization, chases, and sometimes severe fighting.
Defense is a big concern.
Defense is a big part of the game.
Defense is a bit further down the page.
Defense is a bit trickier to measure.
Defense is a concern.
Defense is a constant, it breeds easy baskets, and it breeds scoring.
Defense is a different story.
Defense is a dynamic survival process Strong defense depends on a high amount of energy reserves.
Defense is a key.
Defense is a means to create offense and the offense is designed for thrills.
Defense is a mixed bag as well, with tackling being far too easy for the most part.
Defense is a statement, and it s tougher than ever to get an open jump shot.
Defense is a statement, and it's tougher than ever to get an open jump shot.
Defense is a team game.
Defense is a whole new world, a whole different concept of hockey altogether.
Defense is about finding empty ice and filling it first.
Defense is aggression - no matter what the cause.
Defense is all about effort, hard work, and heart.
Defense is all about folks getting to the football.
Defense is all about managing costs.
Defense is all position, effort, technique and intelligent pressure.
Defense is also a big difference.
Defense is also a huge step from high school.
Defense is also a major question mark.
Defense is also team structured because it involves all players in the game.
Defense is always a big thing in the East, because the West is a running team.
Defense is an action
Defense is an integral factor in tournament success, but it's also an integral part of a good team.
Defense is another concern, especially up the middle.
Defense is another matter.
Defense is another question.
Defense is another story.
Defense is another.
Defense is average.
Defense is better all-around as well.
Defense is but one element of a broader national security structure.
Defense is certainly a five-man game.
Defense is certainly the key.
Defense is chemistry.
Defense is China's strength.
Defense is clearly a federal responsibility.
Defense is collections.
Defense is defense against instability.
Defense is designed to repair and cleanse the bowel.
Defense is difficult to learn.
Defense is down.
Defense is due processes.
Defense is dynamic and protection is static.
Defense is easier to play with back problems.
Defense is easier to play, and therefore there is a less of a premium on defensive skill.
Defense is entered in summary form.
Defense is equally strong.
Defense is essential.
Defense is exquisitely important.
Defense is five guys getting back behind the ball.
Defense is Florida's most obvious weakness.
Defense is for times of unsufficiency, attack is for times of surplus.
Defense is full of holes, offense is one-dimensional.
Defense is fun.
Defense is great.
Defense is hard and easy at the same time.
Defense is hard work.
Defense is hard-hitting.
Defense is heart, for real.
Defense is how much damage it can avoid taking whenever it is attacked.
Defense is important.
Defense is included within the policy limits.
Defense is just an attitude.
Defense is just as important as scoring goals.
Defense is just reaction football.
Defense is just too easy there.
Defense is justification.
Defense is key.
Defense is likely to remain a significant concern of the nation.
Defense is limited to shot blocking.
Defense is mainly about mentality.
Defense is mainly by the drake.
Defense is military actions.
Defense is more reacting to the ball.
Defense is most important around the basket.
Defense is much easier to learn than offense.
Defense is much more difficult in chess than attack, and even more so in blitz chess.
Defense is needed, as is interdiction.
Defense is never flashy, defense is never selfish, and defense is always, always team first.
Defense is no exception.
Defense is no longer at the technological cutting edge.
Defense is obvious, and provided for explicitly in the Constitution.
Defense is offense.
Defense is one area the Sabres are rock solid in.
Defense is open to all faculty and students.
Defense is organizations.
Defense is our priority.
Defense is our strength.
Defense is part of the story, too.
Defense is part of trials.
Defense is perceived to be slow and costly.
Defense is perhaps even more important than attack.
Defense is perhaps the greatest single responsibility of the federal government.
Defense is possible by utilizing given limits, as a wall protects our backs in a fight.
Defense is preached so much as of late, that teams neglect the offense.
Defense is protection.
Defense is respectable.
Defense is rock solid, particularly in the backfield.
Defense is scheduled.
Defense is seen in Europe as a supplement to offense and diplomacy.
Defense is simply the cost for lawyers to defend the case.
Defense is so critical to every team.
Defense is solid, as usual.
Defense is solid, offense is awful.
Defense is solid.
Defense is something moral, and aggression is immoral.
Defense is still a priority where a pass rusher is needed despite the additions.
Defense is still a question mark, as is the frontcourt.
Defense is still shaky and that offense needs to be in a dome come playoff time.
Defense is still the hardest part of the game for many people.
Defense is stressed the most during practice.
Defense is suddenly fashionable again.
Defense is teams.
Defense is the aspect of basketball where hard work really shows up.
Defense is the big winner, at the cost of many domestic programs.
Defense is the building block of a program.
Defense is the dominant factor.
Defense is the easiest skill to teach too.
Defense is the focus.
Defense is the key for the Bears, who return eight seniors.
Defense is the key to a good football team.
Defense is the key to Baltimore's game.
Defense is the KEY to success, and pressure defense generates an aggressive and fast tempo game.
Defense is the key.
Defense is the main issue.
Defense is the most important part of our game.
Defense is the most important thing.
Defense is the only major category of federal spending to decline in recent years.
Defense is the only sure thing in pro football.
Defense is the responsibility of the United States.
Defense is the toughest position on the ice, other than goalie, to break into.
Defense is their signature.
Defense is their stronger side.
Defense is thin, so expect to see converted midfielders on the back line.
Defense is tough up front.
Defense is underrated.
Defense is usually consistent all over the court.
Defense is very difficult.
Defense is very problematic because of auto-immunity dangers with shields.
Defense is very tough in here, contrary to popular belief.
Defense is what is going to win games.
Defense is what makes it special, though.
Defense is what puts the seriousness into protection work.
Defense is what's winning games.
Defense is where it starts.
Defense is where the club expects to shine.
Defense is where they've buttered their bread all season.
Defense is where West Chester's strength lies, with eight starters back from last year.
Defense is within limits.
Defense is younger, but it has numbers.
Defense isa protection.
Defense Knowing how to gain control of the puck is essential in creating scoring opportunities.
Defense Learn to increase speed, quickness, jumping ability, lateral movement, etc.
Defense looks great with plenty of experience at every position.
Defense looks solid.
Defense Make sure the system is up to date with the latest patches.
Defense makes an opening statement.
Defense makes closing argument.
Defense makes players unselfish.
Defense makes the difference .
Defense means the ability to ward off an attack by an enemy.
Defense needs improvement.
Defense needs to improve if they want to go far in playoffs.
Defense needs to start getting recognition.
Defense offers an alternative to capitulation and strengthens our position in the face of crisis.
Defense offers the hospital chart.
Defense paces UCD in win.
Defense passes between cones to a moving forward.
Defense picks up at the top of the key, man to man only.
Defense Play the zone.
Defense plays a major role in helping to secure all of the above.
Defense primarily consists of refusing to run unknown code .
Defense provides vitamins.
Defense puts on the shift.
Defense remains a vague concept.
Defense remains somewhat reluctant to discuss the case.
Defense requires no enemies, it's insurance.
Defense See smurf amplifier defense .
Defense sets the tempo.
Defense stands as a weaker area, however.
Defense Stay patient on defense.
Defense still looks like a winning strategy.
Defense still presents a problem at selected positions.
Defense surely does win championships.
Defense takes longer to learn and is a key ingredient to winning any fight.
Defense takes mental toughness, desire and spirit.
Defense takes the form of removing the other team's life bands.
Defense waives opening statement.
Defense When being attacked, a fencer generally has two options.
Defense wins championships and they played a great game tonight.
Defense wins championships, or at least the chance to play for one.
Defense wins championships, the clich goes.
Defense wins championships.
Defense wins football games and usually goes a long way toward covering the spread.
Defense wins football games.
Defense wins games even when the offense struggles.
Defense wins games, and Alabama always has a great defense.
Defense wins games, but offense sells tickets.
Defense wins games.
Defense wins more games than offense.
Defense wins road games.
Defense wins titles.
Defense wraps up closing arguments.
Defenses add extra lineman or backs if they think the offense is going to run or pass.
Defenses are available to preference claims.
Defenses are better than ever before and they have guys who are very talented and can run.
Defenses are camouflage and fangs .
Defenses are camouflage and fangs.
Defenses are concocted to minimize the impact of any weaknesses in their side's case.
Defenses are derived from the food they eat.
Defenses are for new threats.
Defenses are hard.
Defenses are irrelevant.
Defenses are lower, people are in a social mood, and creativity is often more free to roam.
Defenses are more complicated.
Defenses are much more sophisticated today.
Defenses are so multiple.
Defenses are straight down, out, in, side and up.
Defenses are the hows of conflict and compromise.
Defenses are unconscious, most of the time.
Defenses are unnecessary.
Defenses attempt to block spikes at the net.
Defenses can strengthen deterrence by reducing the incentive for proliferation.
Defenses can strengthen deterrents by reducing the incentive for proliferation.
Defenses can strengthen the deterrence by reducing the incentive for proliferation.
Defenses can use double-teams and other systems to contain many post players.
Defenses catch up with everything.
Defenses clarify actions and the world through restrictions in behavior potential.
Defenses come from the prospect's fear of being taken advantage of.
Defenses defend players who look like they can score.
Defenses enhance deterrence by reducing the political and military value of rogue missiles.
Defenses erode and both fighters begin to get careless.
Defenses exist in Idaho common law and Idaho statutes.
Defenses expect a team to pass.
Defenses find hype offensive .
Defenses go down and so does the scam.
Defenses go up.
Defenses have more than the big three to contend with.
Defenses have the tendency to want to make things happen.
Defenses have to adjust.
Defenses have to look out.
Defenses here are so good.
Defenses lose games like that.
Defenses now know almost exactly what to expect.
Defenses nowadays are just too damn smart for it.
Defenses perform differently.
Defenses starve hungers inside No one gets in but no one gets out to breathe.
Defenses use manys ways to cover the receivers.
Defenses win championships.
Defense always translates into good things on offense.
Defense often is a little more tricky than it looks.
All defense is home defense.
All defenses are open to public.
All defenses are open to the public.
All defenses are public.
Every defense is supposed to have at least one bad game.
Most defense is related to an attitude of relentlessness, and our attitude is lapsing.
Most defense provides vitamins.
Most defenses like to collapse the post area.
Most defenses now have to assign a spy to keep an eye on that running quarterback.
Most defenses work briefly and unpredictably.
Some defense comes from rights.
Some defense consists of dashes.
Some defense requires different strategies.
Some defense requires strategies.
Some defenses apply regardless of the landlord's reasons for the eviction.
Some defenses are huge thorns, large enough to skewer a man.
Some defenses have to be developed in order to control our panic.
Defensible documentation can make that much difference.
Defensible space allows firefighters room to put out fires.
Defensible space is a method to inhibit crime by displaying social and spatial cues to deter crime.
Defensible space is the zone around the home that is a 'protection zone'.
Defensible space is, simply, room for firefighters to do their job.
Defensible space provides room for firefighters to do their jobs.
Defensive abilities are unquestioned.
Defensive action is required to protect the enterprise from unauthorized and malicious users.
Defensive actions protect a group's own ability to stay in the fight.
Defensive aggression arises from fear of or actual attack.
Defensive ammunition is another story.
Defensive animations are just as convincing.
Defensive assists are of more value to a coach than steals.
Defensive attack directs characters to attack weak opponents only, running away otherwise.
Defensive backs are hard to develop.
Defensive backs backpedal away from the coach.
Defensive backs live to anticipate quarterbacks and receivers.
Defensive backfield has decent speed.
Defensive barriers are tight and rigid.
Defensive basics Be ready to move at all times.
Defensive behavior consists of climbing to higher ground and concealment there.
Defensive behavior includes opening the mouth, hissing loudly and vibrating the tail.
Defensive behavior intends to protect oneself from the aggressive behaviors of others.
Defensive behavior involves retracting the body and closing the shell as tightly as possible.
Defensive behavior is a part of the overall division of labor in the colony.
Defensive behavior is needed to protect their young and food supply.
Defensive behavior occurs in response to nest defense.
Defensive behavior resembles that of western hognose snake.
Defensive bites do occur from time to time.
Defensive blades are for players seeking maximum control.
Defensive boards are the first step on offense, especially for the break.
Defensive breakdowns result in losses.
Defensive chemicals are the active ingredients in practically all medicines that come from plants.
Defensive coaches can blitz, double-team or key on certain runners.
Defensive code uses extensive error checking to discover bugs early in the development cycle.
Defensive control processes for coping with excessively emotional states of mind.
Defensive coordinators face a tough problem.
Defensive coordinators have to decide.
Defensive coordinators punch out their offensive counterparts on videotape.
All defensive coordinators have their tweaks, but the scheme is still the same.
Defensive cycling is the key to bike safety.
Defensive data is of questionable value at best, and anecdotal information even less.
Defensive doctors investigate, prescribe and refer more.
Defensive dragons are squat and blocky, for example, while agile dragons are sleek and streamlined.
Defensive end earns national player of the week honor.
Defensive end is another area that ll certainly get a boost through the draft.
Defensive end starts campaign for linebacker.
Defensive ends are defensive linemans.
Defensive ends are lighter and faster, while linebackers seem to be getting smaller and quicker.
Defensive ends are responsible for stopping the run and rushing the passer.
All defensive eyes are on the ball, so players can readily help out.
Defensive falconry is the order of every day.
Defensive football is a lot like running a pass pattern.
Defensive force is survival.
Defensive formations protect the healers, mages, and archers behind a wall of warriors.
Any defensive foul committed during dead time is considered a major foul.
Defensive front looks solid.
Defensive intensity varies.
Defensive landscaping requires thinning trees on properties in fire-endangered zones.
More defensive layers mean fewer missiles can leak through.
Defensive lemon glands around the edge of the mantle.
Defensive line gets no pressure on opposing quarterback.
Defensive line has experience.
Defensive line holds up.
Defensive line is a question mark, but there are a few veterans to lead the way.
Defensive linemen are too fast.
Defensive linemen rush the quarterback on passing plays.
Any defensive lineman needs other guys to make plays consistently.
Defensive management is stagnant management.
Defensive medicine exacts huge costs, in both fiscal and human terms.
Defensive medicine is one of the primary causes of excessive health care spending.
Defensive medicine is said to be one of the primary causes of the increasing cost of health care.
Defensive mobility is helped slightly by the team-controlled laser doorway in the base.
Defensive patients are less likely to admit noncompliance.
Defensive planning is critical and can itself deter states from undesirable courses of action.
Defensive play calling is very similar to offensive play calling.
Defensive play requires thought and logical reasoning.
Defensive player announces the tag and the point of a tag for the position.
Defensive player counters with front leg ax-kick.
Defensive player works on footwork also mainly drop step.
Defensive player works on footwork.
Defensive players are bigger and faster than ever.
Defensive players are masters at disguising what they're doing.
Defensive players are the glue of special teams.
Defensive players get a lot more ground balls, fly balls.
Defensive players hate cut-blocking because they believe it increases the risk of injury.
Defensive players have some disadvantages though.
Defensive players have to react to what the offense are doing.
Defensive players relay and repeat calls, then communicate to one another based on the adjustments.
Defensive players stand behind the endline and offensive players stand behind the half-court line.
All defensive players are free to attempt to field balls they feel are within their capabilities.
All defensive players shift positions with the flight of the ball.
All defensive players wear a special glove to catch the ball.
Any defensive player can make an interception and run with the ball.
Every defensive player is responsible for looking to the sideline to see the play.
Every defensive position has a place for their early work.
Defensive power plays a role in maintaining an integrated society.
Defensive Pressure is a little like walking a balance beam.
Defensive pressure is added to some drills to approximate game situations.
Defensive programming are computer programming.
Defensive programming has to be applied from the OS up to the application level.
Defensive programming is very much to the fore.
Defensive programming pays off.
Defensive quickness is the difference.
Defensive reactions can be quick.
Defensive registration is one way, but it's very expensive.
Defensive responses tend to hamper communication, invite more criticism, and create resentment.
Defensive shots are very good.
Defensive skill is a non-negotiable requirement to become strong.
Defensive skills suspect, however.
Defensive specialists are the forgotten players of volleyball.
Defensive spines are sharp protrusions that come off an animal.
Defensive stocks are also still part of the portfolio.
Defensive strategy is often the best recipe for success in beginning play.
Defensive tackle reflects on Miami game and looks ahead to first road game, versus Colorado.
Defensive tackles are defensive linemans.
Defensive Tackles kill.
Defensive tackles take too much of a beating.
Defensive tactics come in many shapes and sizes.
Defensive teams are too well-coached and have too many good athletes for that.
Defensive theory helps there as well.
Defensive thought is concerned with reacting to actions that have already taken place.
Defensive tools are available for practically every computer security problem.
Some defensive units excel because they are smart and fast.
Defensive walls go up.
Defensive wins are never pretty.
Defensively lineman can swim or spin to lay the smack down on the quarterback.
A defensiveness is ability
Defensiveness grows out of fear but is often expressed as aggression or anger.
Defensiveness interferes with communication.
Defered billing is available for institutions.
Deference is a device of the disempowered to gain a hearing.
Deference is civility
Deference is courtesy.
Deference is given to authority.
Deference is given to the district court's assessment of credibility of witnesses.
Deference is given to the superior position of the chancellor to judge the credibility of witnesses.
Deference is given to the trial court in observing the witnesses and determining their credibility.
Deference is given to the trial court's opportunity to Judge the credibility of witnesses.
Deference is given to the trial court's superior opportunity to determine credibility of witnesses.
Deference is politeness.
Deference is withheld only when the rule or regulation plainly compels a contrary result.
Deferential review is more restricted.
Most deferment forms require two certifications.
Deferment is a delay
Deferments allow borrowers to postpone their scheduled monthly loan payments.
Deferments allow the borrower to temporarily postpone certain payments in certain situations.
Deferments are also available to parent borrowers .
Deferments are also available.
Deferments are automatic until two years after graduation.
Deferments are available and depend on the loan date.
Deferments are available each term, including Summer.
Deferments are available for graduate study and a variety of other reasons.
Deferments are available for graduate study in the first five years of repayment.
Deferments are available to medical students for the full term of residency.
Deferments are available under certain conditions once repayment begins.
Deferments are available.
Deferments are possible under certain conditions.
Deferments are valid for a number of reasons.
All deferments are to be certified by the school the borrower is attending .
All deferments expire six weeks after the first day of classes.
All deferments require a promissory note.
All deferments require a signed promissory note including a payment plan.
All deferments require a signed promissory note.
All deferments require the borrower to file appropriate certification in a timely manner.
All deferments require the prior approval of the lender.
Any deferment has to be renewed each year.
Most deferments are legal entitlements.
Some deferments are available for loans disbursed during only a certain period of time.
Some deferments are available.
Deferrable load is specified monthly.
Deferral is a delay
Deferrals are available for student status, economic hardship and select volunteer services.
Deferrals are valid for only one year.
Deferrals reduce current taxable income.
Deferrals reflect the exchange of cash prior to the performance of the related event.
Deferred amounts are payable in two installments.
Deferred annuities are available on a single premium or flexible premium basis.
Deferred annuities are free from current income taxation for federal and state.
Deferred annuities are long-term retirement savings tools.
Deferred annuities are popular because interest earnings or investment returns are tax-deferred.
Deferred annuities are the most commonly purchased type.
Deferred annuities can be either single premium or flexible premium.
Deferred annuities delay payments but still generate a current income tax deduction.
Deferred annuities have multiple payout options and are revocable.
Deferred annuities offer the same guaranteed and non-guaranteed formats as life insurance policies.
Deferred annuities pay in the future for a set period of time.
Deferred annuities provide income payments that begin at a later date.
Deferred annuities provide income payments that start at a later date.
Most deferred annuities have a free withdrawal provision.
Deferred dues are payable when the member becomes employed.
Deferred income is still compensation.
Deferred joys purchased by sacrifice are always the sweetest.
Deferred maintenance continues to add each year to the deficiencies of the buildings.
Deferred maintenance is ignored maintenance.
A deferred payment is a payment
Deferred payment is also available.
Deferred payment is applicable to tuition fees only .
Deferred payment is available depending on when a student registers.
Deferred payment is available.
Deferred payment is handled during the registration process.
Deferred revenue is a very manual process.
Deferred revenue is okay if the firm plans deliveries long in the future.
Defiance campaigns have a long tradition in South Africa's anti-apartheid struggle.
Defiance can accommodate up to six sail mates.
Defiance feeds upon itself.
Defiance gets the ball to begin the action, but they turn it over.
Defiance has a rich history.
Defiance is a clear act of rebellion.
Defiance is a much more serious offense.
Defiance is a small community located in Northwestern Ohio.
Defiance is a trait
Defiance is challenge.
Defiance is contagious.
Defiance is mixed in with our being.
Defiance is resistance.
Defiance is the adult version of unteachableness which springs from a rebellious spirit.
Defiant doors have continous hinges.
All Defiant doors have continous hinges.
Defiant teens can overcome their problems.
Defibrillation can and is done safely in flight.
Defibrillation can restore the heart's normal rhythm if it's done within minutes of the arrest.
Defibrillation causes simultaneous depolarization of all Cardiac muscle fibers.
Defibrillation clearly saves lives.
Defibrillation comes first.
Defibrillation consists of high-energy shock impulses.
Defibrillation is a critical link in the chain of survival for treating cardiac arrest.
Defibrillation is an essential component of effective emergency cardiac care.
Defibrillation is indicated if a shockable rhythm is present.
Defibrillation is medical aid
Defibrillation is medical care.
Defibrillation is most successful if used within three minutes of a cardiac arrest.
Defibrillation is the electric shock applied to restart a non-beating heart.
Defibrillation is the key to survival from a cardiac arrest.
Defibrillation is the key to surviving a cardiac arrest.
Defibrillation is the key.
Defibrillation is the most effective treatment for ventricular fibrillation.
Defibrillation is the only effective treatment for cardiac arrest.
Defibrillation is the only effective treatment of ventricular fibrillation.
Defibrillation is the only proven therapy to restore a normal heartbeat after cardiac arrest.
Defibrillation is the only way to solve cardiac arrest.
Defibrillation only works when the animal s heart has stopped.
Defibrillation provides an electric shock to the heart to interrupt the chaos.
Defibrillation serves to depolarize the majority of the myocardial muscle mass.
Defibrillation shocks a chaotic cardiac rhythm, without a pulse, back into a regular pulsing rhythm.
Most defibrillation occurs externally with paddles placed against the chest.
A defibrillator is an electronic device
Defibrillators are a common sight in most medical settings.
Defibrillators are carriedon all rescue squad vehicles.
Defibrillators are cheap and easy to use.
Defibrillators are common devices in hospital emergency rooms and some ambulance squads.
Defibrillators are devices that use electrical shock to restart and stabilize a heart beat.
Defibrillators are electronic devices.
Defibrillators are found on board many commercial airlines.
Defibrillators are medical devices.
Defibrillators assess heart rhythm and provide shock treatment.
Defibrillators can also reduce the amount of time that people spend in an abnormal rhythm.
Defibrillators can help people, but only within about the first ten minutes of a heart attack.
Defibrillators can jolt a heart into beating again.
Defibrillators can restore a normal heart rhythm in persons suffering form sudden cardiac arrest.
Defibrillators deliver a shock to restore normal rhythms.
Defibrillators deliver an electric shock that restarts the heart in cardiac arrest victims.
Defibrillators deliver electric shocks that stimulate the heart to resume normal beating.
Defibrillators deliver electrical shocks that can re-establish heart rhythm.
Defibrillators give an electric shock to the heart which jolts it back into life.
Defibrillators shock the heart back into a normal rhythm.
Defibrillators tend to synchronize the heart's electrical system.
Most defibrillators deliver a monophasic voltage, which can be pictured as half of a sine wave.
A deficiency disease is a disease
Deficiency diseases are almost history.
Deficiency diseases are diseases.
Deficiency diseases are more prevalent in developing countries.
Deficiency diseases arise when our bodies are deprived of a vitamin for a prolonged time.
Deficiency diseases can result from malnutrition.
Deficiency symptoms include impairment.
Deficiency symptoms include muscle weakness.
Deficiency symptoms include weakness.
A deficiency is a need
Deficiencies affect ability.
Deficiencies affect bone growth.
Deficiencies affect development.
Deficiencies affect fetal development.
Deficiencies affect functions.
Deficiencies affect growth.
Deficiencies affect health.
Deficiencies affect immune responses.
Deficiencies affect life.
Deficiencies affect responses.
Deficiencies affect skeletal development.
Deficiencies affect weight.
Deficiencies are caused by diets.
Deficiencies are caused by inability.
Deficiencies are caused by lack.
Deficiencies are caused by shortages.
Deficiencies are common in lactating pets.
Deficiencies are more common among women with regular menstrual periods.
Deficiencies are most common in low-income and teenage pregnant women.
Deficiencies are noticeable first on older tissue.
Deficiencies are pale leaf color of youn g leaves followed by yellowing of leaves and large veins.
Deficiencies are pale leaf color of young leaves followed by yellowing of leaves and large veins.
Deficiencies are rare and effects can be reversed with supplements.
Deficiencies are rare and usually occur in association with lack of thiamine and nicotinic acid.
Deficiencies are rare, but can lead to uncontrolled bleeding.
Deficiencies are rare, but when they happen, they can be a bit hard to detect.
Deficiencies are rare.
Deficiencies are shortages in street capacity, which prevent efficient traffic flow.
Deficiencies are still numerous and there are evident imperfections.
Deficiencies are to be removed early in the program.
Deficiencies are unlikely in active people with robust appetites.
Deficiencies are very rare, as vitamin E is abundant in foods.
Deficiencies can also be so slight that they are confused with other problems.
Deficiencies can cause poor growth, condition, and egg binding.
Deficiencies can cause potentially permanent damage.
Deficiencies can develop in a matter of months.
Deficiencies can have different symptoms.
Deficiencies can have symptoms.
Deficiencies can lead to blindness and poor reproduction.
Deficiencies can lead to congenital malformations and possible mental retardation in babies.
Deficiencies can lead to impaired vision, poor memory and learning difficulties.
Deficiencies can lead to low sperm count, reduced libido and impotency.
Deficiencies can lead to problems listed below.
Deficiencies can occur if the diet is inadequate as in the elderly.
Deficiencies can occur in countries where the soil is depleted.
Deficiencies can occur in single or multiple IgG subclasses.
Deficiencies can reduce yields, cause yellowing of the leaves and stunt growth.
Deficiencies can, with time, cause serious disease, especially in cats.
Deficiencies cause birth defects.
Deficiencies cause death.
Deficiencies cause defects.
Deficiencies cause deficiencies.
Deficiencies cause die back of the shoot tips, and terminal leaves develop brown spots.
Deficiencies cause diseases.
Deficiencies cause easily bruising skin, pyorrhoea, spongy bleeding gums, conditions like scurvy.
Deficiencies cause fatigue.
Deficiencies cause health problems.
Deficiencies cause lack.
Deficiencies cause membrane defects seen as poor skin and feather condition.
Deficiencies cause neurological problems.
Deficiencies cause premature death.
Deficiencies cause premature leaf death.
Deficiencies cause problems.
Deficiencies cause production.
Deficiencies cause reductions.
Deficiencies cause serious health problems.
Deficiencies cause serious problems.
Deficiencies cause severe fatigue.
Deficiencies cause similar symptoms.
Deficiencies cause symptoms.
Deficiencies cause the baby's growth to slow and can lead to miscarriage or birth defects.
Deficiencies cause thyroid problems.
Deficiencies create disease and infection.
Deficiencies create problems.
Deficiencies decrease arsenic excretion.
Deficiencies decrease excretion.
Deficiencies decrease urinary arsenic excretion.
Deficiencies decrease urinary excretion.
Deficiencies disrupt biological functions.
Deficiencies disrupt essential biological functions.
Deficiencies disrupt essential functions.
Deficiencies disrupt functions.
Deficiencies exhibit slow growing, weak and stunted plants with light green to yellow older leaves.
Deficiencies have certain specific symptoms.
Deficiencies have certain symptoms.
Deficiencies have considerable trouble.
Deficiencies have distinct effects.
Deficiencies have dramatic effects.
Deficiencies have effects.
Deficiencies have specific symptoms.
Deficiencies have symptoms.
Deficiencies have trouble.
Deficiencies impair ability.
Deficiencies impair functions.
Deficiencies involve energy and proteins, as well as vitamins and minerals.
Deficiencies kill terminal buds leaving a rosette effect on the plant.
Deficiencies lead to abnormalities.
Deficiencies lead to bleeding problems of various types.
Deficiencies lead to considerable damage.
Deficiencies lead to damage.
Deficiencies lead to degeneration.
Deficiencies lead to diseases.
Deficiencies lead to disorder.
Deficiencies lead to fatigue.
Deficiencies lead to irreversible damage.
Deficiencies lead to metabolic abnormalities.
Deficiencies lead to muscle diseases.
Deficiencies lead to neurological disorder.
Deficiencies lead to permanent damage.
Deficiencies lead to reductions.
Deficiencies lead to white muscle diseases.
Deficiencies occur at ages.
Deficiencies occur in infants.
Deficiencies occur in premature infants.
Deficiencies occur on sandy soils most often.
Deficiencies primarily causes venous thrombosis.
Deficiencies produce symptoms.
Deficiencies require care.
Deficiencies require treatments.
Deficiencies result directly in apple fruit disorders, but also reduce calcium uptake.
Deficiencies result from poor dietary planning.
Deficiencies result in health problems.
Deficiencies result in immunity.
Deficiencies result in impairment.
Deficiencies result in nerve problems.
Deficiencies result in problems.
Deficiencies result in reproductive problems.
Deficiencies result in serious health problems.
Deficiencies result in serious nerve problems.
Deficiencies result in serious problems.
Deficiencies result in skin disorders and muscle pains.
Deficiencies result in symptoms.
Deficiencies result in visual impairment.
Deficiencies result in weak, slow-growing nails.
Deficiencies reveal the facility is non-compliant with state regulations.
Deficiencies reveal there is immediate jeopardy to residents at a facility.
Deficiencies show as light green leaves.
Deficiencies take places.
Deficiencies trigger imbalances.
Deficiencies typically develop in the elderly, alcoholics, cancer patients, and some food faddists.
Deficiency affects hearing and vision.
Deficiency aggravates malabsorption.
Deficiency can be in the king, counselor, people, fortress, treasure, punitive power, or friends.
Deficiency can be the cause of numerous problems, including mental and physical exhaustion.
Deficiency causes cracks in the mouth and outer lip, skin, mouth, and eye troubles.
Deficiency causes goiter.
Deficiency causes hair loss and loss of appetite and depression.
Deficiency causes inflammation of the lining of the mouth and skin.
Deficiency causes inflammation of the skin, vagina, rectum and mouth, as well as mental slowing.
Deficiency causes insomnia.
Deficiency causes irritability of the nervous system.
Deficiency causes reduced growth rates and lesions of the skin on the lower extremities.
Deficiency causes reduced growth, size and quality of all plants.
Deficiency causes retarded growth, dermatitis, convulsions, and other symptoms.
Deficiency causes scurvy in humans, and somewhat similar symptoms in other animals.
Deficiency causes scurvy.
Deficiency causes stunting of new growth in stems, flowers and roots.
Deficiency isa condition.
Deficiency leads to an increased clotting time.
Deficiency leads to beriberi .
Deficiency leads to beriberi in humans and to polyneuritis in birds.
Deficiency leads to beriberi, a disease of the heart and nervous system.
Deficiency leads to beri-beri.
Deficiency leads to cirrhosis of the liver.
Deficiency leads to cretinism.
Deficiency leads to depressed state.
Deficiency leads to erratic heart beat and fatigue.
Deficiency leads to erratic heartbeat and fatigue.
Deficiency leads to goiter.
Deficiency leads to megaloblastic anaemia.
Deficiency leads to night blindness.
Deficiency leads to pellagra.
Deficiency leads to pernicious anaemia.
Deficiency leads to poor vision in dim light and eventually to blindness.
Deficiency leads to slow healing and possible mental symptoms.
Deficiency occurs as a result of poor dietary intake or inadequate absorption.
Deficiency occurs in the form of iron deficiency anemia.
Deficiency occurs with malnutrition and in areas where the soil has very low selenium levels.
Deficiency presents as a microcytic hypochromic anaemia resistant to iron therapy.
Deficiency shows up as emaciated and anemic animals.
Deficiency shows up in younger leaves as stunting or abnormally small leaves.
Deficiencies often occur with alcoholism, but are otherwise rare.
All deficiencies have a beginning and are silent until overt symptoms develop.
Any deficiencies are between the boater and the examiner.
Any deficiencies are due wholely to the collectible nature of the game.
Any deficiencies are the responsibility of the custodian, calculated at the current exchange rate .
Any deficiencies are to be corrected immediately.
Any deficiencies become required courses.
Any deficiencies found are to be recorded, corrected and, a record made and maintained for one year.
Any deficiency is to be made up by the general account.
Most deficiencies affect ability.
Most deficiencies affect bone growth.
Most deficiencies affect development.
Most deficiencies affect fetal development.
Most deficiencies affect functions.
Most deficiencies affect growth.
Most deficiencies affect health.
Most deficiencies affect immune responses.
Most deficiencies affect life.
Most deficiencies affect responses.
Most deficiencies affect skeletal development.
Most deficiencies affect weight.
Most deficiencies are caused by diets.
Most deficiencies are caused by inability.
Most deficiencies are caused by lack.
Most deficiencies are caused by shortages.
Most deficiencies can have different symptoms.
Most deficiencies can have symptoms.
Most deficiencies cause birth defects.
Most deficiencies cause death.
Most deficiencies cause defects.
Most deficiencies cause deficiencies.
Most deficiencies cause diseases.
Most deficiencies cause fatigue.
Most deficiencies cause health problems.
Most deficiencies cause lack.
Most deficiencies cause neurological problems.
Most deficiencies cause premature death.
Most deficiencies cause premature leaf death.
Most deficiencies cause problems.
Most deficiencies cause production.
Most deficiencies cause reductions.
Most deficiencies cause serious health problems.
Most deficiencies cause serious problems.
Most deficiencies cause similar symptoms.
Most deficiencies cause symptoms.
Most deficiencies cause thyroid problems.
Most deficiencies create problems.
Most deficiencies decrease arsenic excretion.
Most deficiencies decrease urinary arsenic excretion.
Most deficiencies decrease urinary excretion.
Most deficiencies disrupt biological functions.
Most deficiencies disrupt essential biological functions.
Most deficiencies disrupt essential functions.
Most deficiencies have certain specific symptoms.
Most deficiencies have certain symptoms.
Most deficiencies have considerable trouble.
Most deficiencies have distinct effects.
Most deficiencies have dramatic effects.
Most deficiencies have effects.
Most deficiencies have specific symptoms.
Most deficiencies have symptoms.
Most deficiencies have trouble.
Most deficiencies lead to abnormalities.
Most deficiencies lead to considerable damage.
Most deficiencies lead to damage.
Most deficiencies lead to degeneration.
Most deficiencies lead to diseases.
Most deficiencies lead to disorder.
Most deficiencies lead to fatigue.
Most deficiencies lead to irreversible damage.
Most deficiencies lead to metabolic abnormalities.
Most deficiencies lead to muscle diseases.
Most deficiencies lead to neurological disorder.
Most deficiencies lead to permanent damage.
Most deficiencies lead to reductions.
Most deficiencies lead to white muscle diseases.
Most deficiencies occur at ages.
Most deficiencies occur in infants.
Most deficiencies occur in premature infants.
Most deficiencies produce symptoms.
Most deficiencies require care.
Most deficiencies require treatments.
Most deficiencies result in health problems.
Most deficiencies result in immunity.
Most deficiencies result in impairment.
Most deficiencies result in nerve problems.
Most deficiencies result in problems.
Most deficiencies result in reproductive problems.
Most deficiencies result in serious health problems.
Most deficiencies result in serious nerve problems.
Most deficiencies result in serious problems.
Most deficiencies result in symptoms.
Most deficiencies result in visual impairment.
Most deficiencies take places.
Some deficiencies affect availability.
Some deficiencies affect b cell maturation.
Some deficiencies affect children.
Some deficiencies affect crops.
Some deficiencies affect early maturation.
Some deficiencies affect geckos.
Some deficiencies affect lambs.
Some deficiencies affect markets.
Some deficiencies affect maturation.
Some deficiencies affect memory.
Some deficiencies affect people.
Some deficiencies affect pet geckos.
Some deficiencies affect stiffness.
Some deficiencies affect young lambs.
Some deficiencies are caused by absorption.
Some deficiencies are caused by mutation.
Some deficiencies are so mild as to require no treatment or support.
Some deficiencies associate with starvation.
Some deficiencies cause anemia.
Some deficiencies cause blindness.
Some deficiencies cause blood pressure.
Some deficiencies cause cessations.
Some deficiencies cause constipation.
Some deficiencies cause damage.
Some deficiencies cause degeneration.
Some deficiencies cause embryo mortality.
Some deficiencies cause health.
Some deficiencies cause high embryo mortality.
Some deficiencies cause high mortality.
Some deficiencies cause infertility.
Some deficiencies cause inflammation.
Some deficiencies cause low blood pressure.
Some deficiencies cause low pressure.
Some deficiencies cause mortality.
Some deficiencies cause neurological damage.
Some deficiencies cause night blindness.
Some deficiencies cause pressure.
Some deficiencies cause severe anemia.
Some deficiencies cause severe damage.
Some deficiencies cause severe neurological damage.
Some deficiencies cause stunts.
Some deficiencies cause tongue inflammation.
Some deficiencies contribute to development.
Some deficiencies contribute to osteoporosises.
Some deficiencies decrease intestinal absorption.
Some deficiencies decrease intestinal calcium absorption.
Some deficiencies enhance development.
Some deficiencies increase production.
Some deficiencies involve defects.
Some deficiencies lead to accumulation.
Some deficiencies lead to anemia.
Some deficiencies lead to behavioral problems.
Some deficiencies lead to cancer.
Some deficiencies lead to conditions.
Some deficiencies lead to death.
Some deficiencies lead to deficiency anemia.
Some deficiencies lead to development.
Some deficiencies lead to energy.
Some deficiencies lead to growth.
Some deficiencies lead to health conditions.
Some deficiencies lead to health problems.
Some deficiencies lead to inability.
Some deficiencies lead to inflammation.
Some deficiencies lead to lack.
Some deficiencies lead to lung inflammation.
Some deficiencies lead to many health conditions.
Some deficiencies lead to problems.
Some deficiencies lead to reproductive problems.
Some deficiencies lead to various health problems.
Some deficiencies limit fat metabolism.
Some deficiencies limit metabolism.
Some deficiencies manifest in mental disease.
Some deficiencies occur in areas.
Some deficiencies occur in presence.
Some deficiencies persist for weeks.
Some deficiencies prevent synthesis.
Some deficiencies reduce availability.
Some deficiencies reduce nutrient availability.
Some deficiencies require amino acid intake.
Some deficiencies require intake.
Some deficiencies result in abnormalities.
Some deficiencies result in accumulation.
Some deficiencies result in anemia.
Some deficiencies result in development.
Some deficiencies result in diseases.
Some deficiencies result in life.
Deficient areas are normally the areas where topsoil has been removed.
Deficient bridges impair the public s access to activities, goods, and services.
Deficient cattle are more susceptible to a wide variety of hoof lesions.
Deficient cells are very sensitive to a wide variety of chemotherapeutic agents.
Deficient essays are incoherent and full of errors.
Deficient fertility can cause poor shoot growth and reduced fruit set.
Deficient lighting can cause headaches and eye fatigue.
Deficient mothers give, birth to similar pups.
Deficient plants are less drought tolerant.
All deficient plants exhibit stunted growth.
Deficient vision is the rule.
Deficit reduction becomes more difficult.
A deficit spending is outlay
Deficit spending adds to our savings, providing the equity base to grow.
Deficit spending adds to the aggregate demand of the private sector.
Deficit spending appears and increases.
Deficit spending are spending.
Deficit spending is a hidden tax that masks the true burden of government.
Deficit spending is an unconscionable form of fiscal child abuse.
Deficit spending is harmful also.
Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the 'hidden' confiscation of wealth.
Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the hidden confiscation of wealth.
Deficit spending reduces the severity of recessions.
Deficit spending spurs inflation and crowds the private sector out of the credit market.
A deficit is a deficiency
Deficit isa amount.
Deficits are a tax on our children and a drain on capital.
Deficits are an aspect of public life that can be good or bad, depending on the circumstances.
Deficits are bilateral and characterized by increased muscular tone.
Deficits are bilateral.
Deficits are caused by gravity.
Deficits are chronic.
Deficits are common in prosperous times.
Deficits are down, as in inflation.
Deficits are higher for many developed countries like Britain, Canada, France, and Australia.
Deficits are highly sensitive to economic conditions.
Deficits are lack.
Deficits are liabilities.
Deficits are promises to pay for current spending with future tax revenues.
Deficits are scores.
Deficits are shortages.
Deficits are usually unilateral.
Deficits are when adults tell the government what they want and their kids pay for it.
Deficits can be beneficial to the nation's economic health in three main ways.
Deficits can no longer excuse the neglect.
Deficits contribute to poor hoof quality.
Deficits contribute to poor quality.
Deficits contribute to quality.
Deficits have major consequences.
Deficits have nothing to do with it.
Deficits help restrain congressional spending.
Deficits limit ability.
Deficits limit growth.
Deficits limit plant growth.
Deficits limit scope for boosting domestic demand as export demand eases.
Deficits mean higher inflation.
Deficits mean little to patients on wait lists.
Deficits always increase when the economy goes into a recession.
Any deficit is carried over to the following financial year.
Any deficit is carried over to the following year.
Any deficit is covered by a contribution from the telecommunications sector.
Most deficits are caused by gravity.
Most deficits contribute to poor hoof quality.
Most deficits contribute to poor quality.
Most deficits contribute to quality.
Most deficits limit ability.
Most deficits limit growth.
Some deficits affect patterns.
Some deficits are experienced by patients.
Some deficits cause anemia.
A defilement is a sanitary condition
Defilements are like a stray cat.
Defilements come from our own consciousness.
Defilements come in various levels and for each level there is an appropriately matched cleansing.
Definable objectives provide a way of measuring the evaluating movement toward vision achievement.
Define database objects, synonyms, views, and referential integrity.
Define government Compare pure democracy with representative democracy.
Define information needs.
Define language constructs to describe the test aspects of cores.
Define material needs for project.
Define time is of the essence as it pertains to the performance of a contract.
Define user privilages.
Define value labels for one or more variables.
Define volume range for each mapping.
Defined concept is the simplest type of rule, where learning typically involves the use of symbols.
Defined levels help determine the scope of appropriate engineering solutions.
Defined levels provide a means to estimate the cost of treatment options early in a project.
Defined levels provide the measure against which the finished project is judged.
Defined words are in bold and are followed by a number in parentheses.
Defined words are simply files of the words name containing the instructions.
More defining factors are the specific concentrations, or turnover rates of bodily components.
Definite arrangements concerning the New York run are to be settled soon.
A definite article is an article
Definite articles are the subject of an upcoming lesson.
Definite articles point to uniqueness and singularity.
Definite causes are unknown for most hypertensives.
Definite composition is an essential characteristic of compounds included in the modern definition.
Definite conclusions await completion of several large ongoing studies.
Any definite conclusions concerning what really threatens amphibians seem to be premature.
Definite deadlines are important, but be ready to make adjustments when necessary.
Definite definitions appear to be our identification of the definite meaning of a term.
Definite diagnoses require identification.
Definite diagnosis comes only after an autopsy of the deceased patient.
Definite diagnosis is also possible from genetic sequence analysis.
Definite diagnosis is made by biopsy.
Definite diagnosis relies on biopsy.
Definite diagnosis requires identification of the toxins produced.
Most definite diagnoses require identification.
Definite evidence exists of European movement the other way.
Definite food likes and dislikes appear.
Definite function is wholly dependent upon education.
A definite integral is an integral
Definite integrals obey the ordinary algebraic properties that indefinite integrals do.
Definite kudos are in order.
Any definite machine is vulnerable to being out-Goedeled.
Definite nose stops.
Definite patterns emerge from an analysis of the allegations which follows in detail.
Definite plans are in place.
Definite quantity isa quantity.
Definite relations take place between semiopposoti and oppositi.
Definite term leases generally state what kind of notice is required to end the tenancy.
Definite trends spike throughout the course of the program.
Definition lists are perfect for creating glossaries.
Definition lists are perfect for online dictionaries and glossaries.
Definition lists are useful for defining terms, such as terms for a new technical dictionary.
Definition lists begin and end with list tags.
Definition lists can be very useful in other circumstances as well.
Definition lists can have the feel of a table.
Definition lists consist of terms and definitions.
Definition lists consist of terms that are followed by their definitions.
Definition lists have a different syntax.
Definition Lists Make a bulleted list.
Definition lists provide a list of items along with descriptive paragraphs for each list entry.
Definition lists work differently.
Definitions of intelligence are human based.
All definitions of life express solely how human beings have hoped to live.
Definitions of terrorism are notoriously ambigious and misleading.
Definition applies to rules.
Definition Ask the students if the definition is clear.
Definition bases on hypotheses.
Definition becomes self-definition.
Definition Being rejected happens to everyone some time in their lives.
Definition can proceed no further.
Definition clarifies the term.
Definition clearly shows understanding of the difference between physical and human characteristics.
Definition comes by using two colours.
Definition Consider a set of coplanar points .
Definition Consider the following situation.
Definition Consider the third electron in a lithium atom.
Definition creates realityand repetition creates truth.
Definition defines collage and shows examples.
Definition defines the symbol.
Definition depends on wording in a covering policy.
Definition depends upon one's perception and background.
Definition Describes the type of change performed on an entry.
Definition excludes land that is used predominantly for agricultural practices.
Definition focuses on defining and measuring data quality.
Definition gives information.
Definition goes here.
Definition has yet to be entered.
Definition Identifies the entry's employee number.
Definition Identifies the local server.
Definition illustrates accuracy, originality, creativity, and research.
Definition includes comparison.
Definition incorporates features.
Definition is a brief description of the information contained in the element.
Definition is a matter of faith.
Definition is a product which contains herbs which are generally recognized as safe.
Definition is altogether good to very good.
Definition is an account, something complex with parts.
Definition is an explanation
Definition is an odd number point and application is an even number point.
Definition is death.
Definition is easy to use.
Definition is explanations.
Definition is good and performance in poor light levels is excellent.
Definition is important in discussing ministries.
Definition is information.
Definition is largely a function of bodyfat levels, and bodyfat is largely a function of diet.
Definition is largely a matter of judgement - the following, however, are strict rules.
Definition is like cures like.
Definition is more related to diet.
Definition is needed as to when the 'unborn' acquires the protection of the law.
Definition is only of value when it allows massively developed muscles to be displayed.
Definition is required for the levels of acceptable risk from a given hazard.
Definition is sexy.
Definition is such an element is better left to specialists in user interface design.
Definition is to be included in the new agreement.
Definition is unilateral, ad hoc, and often self-serving.
Definition is value creation, application is a form of value extraction.
Definition isa explanation.
Definition Let a and b be two noncollinear vectors.
Definition Let m be a strictly positive integer.
Definition Let p and q be polynomials in x.
Definition Let R be a commutative ring with identity.
Definition Let R be a commutative ring.
Definition Let x be an axis with P on x.
Definition lists format title and detailed information.
Definition loses it's meaning with a downward swerve into a still, white flood.
Definition makes more senses.
Definition makes senses.
Definition means to explain what something is.
Definition needs revision.
Definition provides a shared contact point between the writer and the reader.
Definition Provides automated software distribution.
Definition provides descriptions.
Definition provides references.
Definition publishes in journals.
Definition Ranging from mild irritation to violent rage and fury, anger is tough to clearly define.
Definition relates to ideas.
Definition Remarks about how the crystal was treated prior to intensity measurement.
Definition requires both of the following.
Definition requires clarification.
Definition Shows the meaning of a concept.
Definition sketches for linear and circular motion.
Definition Specifies the document type definition.
Definition Suppose that C is a conic, and that L is a line.
Definition Suppose that C is a conic, and that P is any point.
Definition therefore requires respecting first purposes.
Definition Thinking about the future, it is in our best interest to stay.
Definition Traveling with children presents special challenges.
Definition varies between countries.
Definition varies by package.
Definition Watch the children carefully near the swimming pool.
Definitions abound, largely depending on the political slant of the publication or individual.
Definitions appear easy to read and understand.
Definitions are a bitch that way, changing and evolving without anyone being able to control it.
Definitions are a click away.
Definitions are a funny thing.
Definitions are a sentence or two, or a paragraph or two in length.
Definitions are accessible to beginning students and laypersons.
Definitions are also updated for estates and trusts.
Definitions are always without defects.
Definitions are arbitrary, for scientific research.
Definitions are available of the categories above.
Definitions are boring.
Definitions are brief and written with the layperson in mind.
Definitions are brief, but many are illustrated with line drawings.
Definitions are brief, examples are sometimes provided, and cross-references are cited.
Definitions are by their very nature closed, inflexible, and limiting.
Definitions are clear and concise.
Definitions are clear and easy to understand.
Definitions are clear and to the point.
Definitions are clear, concise, with special attention given to alternate spellings and meaning.
Definitions are concise, thorough and easily understood for all ages.
Definitions are consistent across time and between reports.
Definitions are critical to understanding websites.
Definitions are cross-referenced and include hyperlinks for terms used in the explanations.
Definitions are cross-referenced and linked.
Definitions are cross-referenced using see and see also .
Definitions are dependent upon temporal, cultural, and situational factors.
Definitions are detailed and sometimes include diagrams.
Definitions are difficult due to the many variations of dormancy.
Definitions are easier to code, but their execution, being interpretive, is slow.
Definitions are easy to read and include examples when relevant.
Definitions are especially good and a good discipline.
Definitions are forever under revision.
Definitions are frequently incomplete at best, and sometimes so vague as to be misleading.
Definitions are from a variety of sources .
Definitions are fulsome and with quotes.
Definitions are given of the various types of disaster.
Definitions are highly technical and very precise.
Definitions are human inventions.
Definitions are important in at least two ways.
Definitions are important.
Definitions are in black.
Definitions are in bold.
Definitions are in English.
Definitions are in order here.
Definitions are in sentence form with capitals, lower case, and periods.
Definitions are in the glossary too.
Definitions are in the public domain.
Definitions are indispensable for any practical use of PTSs.
Definitions are intentionally general, nontechnical and short.
Definitions are just a few clicks away.
Definitions are now more logical per product module.
Definitions are often imprecise as the words themselves.
Definitions are one of the first areas of potential clash.
Definitions are only useful as tools for sharpening one's perception of reality.
Definitions are particularly poor with respect to illegal acts.
Definitions are precise and proofs are detailed and convincing .
Definitions are pretty right on.
Definitions are relational with links to related terms.
Definitions are relevant for both academic and professional human resource audiences.
Definitions are replete with sample phrases and sentences showing how terms are used correctly.
Definitions are rules for the translation of one language into another.
Definitions are searchable for English keywords.
Definitions are simple and straightforward, and just a click away.
Definitions are still vectors structures, but there is only one entry per name for message queues.
Definitions are terse and some parts are hard to understand.
Definitions are terse but clear.
Definitions are the attitudes and meanings that one attaches to a given behavior.
Definitions are the foundation of any discipline.
Definitions are the main tinker-toys supporting any civilization.
Definitions are the same whether the graph is directed or undirected.
Definitions are the terms and terminology which are to be used in developing the theory.
Definitions are therefore dependent upon an excluded and repressed binary opposite.
Definitions are thus important as is consistency in their use.
Definitions are to be finalized for implementation after incorporation of all information gathered.
Definitions are tricky things.
Definitions are unclear, but effective interventions exist.
Definitions are up to date with links to additional information.
Definitions are useful, to a point.
Definitions are usually less than a half page in length.
Definitions are usually short.
Definitions are very brief.
Definitions are very complete and often provide links to related subjects or reference tools.
Definitions are very comprehensive with examples of usage.
Definitions are very important.
Definitions are very readable, clear, and modern.
Definitions are, in their nature, short-lived.
Definitions Attached is a list of definitions .
Definitions based solely on either land use or canopy cover have limitations for carbon accounting.
Definitions becloud the sky.
Definitions become entangled in passionate ideological battles.
Definitions build environments.
Definitions call for concise, clear, authoritative meanings of a word or concept.
Definitions call for concise, clear, authoritative meanings.
Definitions can also affect the stringency of a requirement.
Definitions can be too broad .
Definitions can be too narrow .
Definitions can be tricky too.
Definitions can clarify terminology and offer other concepts, so use special subject dictionaries.
Definitions can differ as experts develop applications of decriminilisation theories.
Definitions can go wrong by using ambiguous, obscure, or figurative language.
Definitions can make moral discourses clear.
Definitions can vary, but a good starting point is needed to show how all of the factors interact.
Definitions change as the properties change.
Definitions change under the influence of time.
Definitions Choose the correct word for the definition from the list below.
Definitions chord A line segment that connects two points on a curve.
Definitions collinear Points are collinear if they lie on the same line.
Definitions come from singers, karaoke hosts, audience members, bar owners, and the like.
Definitions come in three varieties.
Definitions cone A three-dimensional figure with one vertex and a circular base.
Definitions contain illustrations, where they are useful, and examples.
Definitions contain links to many carefully chosen related student-safe sites.
Definitions contain links to related terms.
Definitions contain related terms.
Definitions contains the glossary of terminology used in the specification.
Definitions cube A solid figure with six square faces.
Definitions demand boundaries.
Definitions depend on experience.
Definitions depend upon scale.
Definitions describe each section.
Definitions describe in some detail the extended context in which a word is used.
Definitions differ according to perceptions and perceptions are a function of one's interests.
Definitions differ, depending on the book or source.
Definitions do most of the work in dash.
Definitions do vary from index to index.
Definitions do vary from ministry to ministry and from government to government.
Definitions evaluate To substitute number values into an expression.
Definitions exist in action and the outcome of the action is the residue left to affect the world.
Definitions Explain the meaning of any technical terms used in the discussion.
Definitions explains all terms.
Definitions face A flat surface of a three-dimensional figure.
Definitions Fixed costs are expenses the business incurs before any sales are made.
Definitions focus on current usage, but former meanings and synonyms are included when appropriate.
Definitions follow the illustration.
Definitions get a little dense.
Definitions Get the definition for all the terms and jargon used in the computer industry.
Definitions given here are a compilation of general terms used in British Columbia, Canada.
Definitions Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Definitions Go to the list of seismic processes.
Definitions have a Latin emphasis.
Definitions have no legal status - no matter who does the defining.
Definitions have no truth values in the sense described above.
Definitions have to be placed in the module.
Definitions help create a commonly understood and shared language.
Definitions help to sell product.
Definitions Here are six basic and portable audience measurement concepts.
Definitions Hit Any connection to an Internet site, including inline image requests and errors.
Definitions Hit Any connection to an Internet site, including inline images and errors.
Definitions immediately follow the table of contents.
Definitions imply the equality of two expressions.
Definitions involving chicken heads no longer apply.
Definitions Know what a theory is.
Definitions Let s define some terms.
Definitions Let's define some terms.
Definitions locus A path of points.
Definitions mentioned are the differences from the distributed Makefile.dist file.
Definitions object A collection of data items plus functions that access that data.
Definitions offer cross links and can be searched with keywords.
Definitions only make sense in historical perspective, and even their use is limited.
Definitions parallel Two lines are parallel if they are in the same plane and never intersect.
Definitions play an important role in academic writing in all disciplines.
Definitions point to complete cross-references of the symbol.
Definitions produce a data dictionary.
Definitions provide a common base of reference.
Definitions quiz on Chapter Nine.
Definitions range from a concise sentence to a brief essay depending on the topic.
Definitions range from a concise sentence to a brief essay.
Definitions range from a sentence in length to most of two pages.
Definitions range from activism to encyclopedic-academic knowledge.
Definitions range from spiritual to secular.
Definitions range in length from a single sentence up to multiple pages.
Definitions ratio A pair of numbers that compares different types of units.
Definitions ray part of a line, with one endpoint, and extending to infinity in one direction.
Definitions represent a serious attempt to characterize the meaning of the lexeme in a precise way.
Definitions Rise, set and twilight definitions.
Definitions show relationships among the three fields in title.
Definitions specify and rule things out.
Definitions still vary among the industry participants.
Definitions take the place of argument.
Definitions tend to be short and clear.
Definitions tend to delimit the boundaries, range, role and depth of supervision.
Definitions There are two definitions for number of urologists.
Definitions transversal A line that intersects two other lines.
Definitions Transvestite a person who dresses in the clothes of the opposite sex.
Definitions typically discuss quality as measured by the customer .
Definitions used in different research and statistics-gathering efforts often vary.
Definitions used in Europe tend to be broader.
Definitions vary according to the psycho-social discipline of the researcher.
Definitions vary according to what usage of a term is attempting to achieve.
Definitions vary among states, districts, and even among schools within the same district.
Definitions vary because of the complexity of the issue.
Definitions vary by company.
Definitions vary by country.
Definitions vary by state.
Definitions vary by type of business, but there are reasonable standards that customers expect.
Definitions vary from simple to complex.
Definitions vary in length and most include bibliographies.
Definitions vary, according to rules set by different jurisdictions.
Definitions vary, as do relative values.
Definitions vary, but most designers agree it is subtle.
Definitions vary, but telecom rates are dependent on volume.
Definitions vary, even among growers and collectors, but here's a general description.
Definitions Welcome to the glossary section.
Definitions always help.
Definition often depends upon whether one favors or opposes a particular authoritarian leader.
Definitions often cite specific court cases.
Definitions often come from positions of power.
Definitions usually try to distinguish between terrorism and warfare.
All definition is in terms of visible or sensible characters.
All definitions are available in the glossary .
All definitions are available in the glossary.
All definitions are clear and useful .
All definitions are global.
All definitions are in English.
All definitions are in text.
All definitions are informal.
All definitions below are under the block class.
All definitions given are approximate.
All definitions mention human health, public health, or humans, or similar words.
All definitions refer to Central Javanese music.
All definitions show a close relationship between eugenics and medical genetics.
Any definition can contain another definition list.
Any definition is free and opens or restricts possibilities for creation.
Any definition is indeed highly subjective, turning on the neurosis of the censor.
Every definition contrasts the general with the particular.
Every Definition has a relative significance.
Every definition is a limitation of the object defined.
Every definition is clear and straightforward but achieved with simple language.
Every definition is presented in nontechnical terms with pictures to help explain the concepts.
Many definitions are one or two paragraphs in length.
Many definitions are possible.
Many definitions are quite narrow, and exclude some faith groups.
Many definitions contain usage notes in parentheses.
Many definitions differ from accepted usage within the field, often in small but important ways.
Many definitions exist.
Many definitions have accompanying examples or explanatory notes.
Many definitions link to additional advice, sometimes with subtle sales pitch.
Many definitions link to specific examples.
Many definitions make reference to the 'nonlinearity' of the access to the information.
Many definitions read like mini encyclopedia entries, and all are written by doctors.
Many definitions suggest that positive interaction are encompassed by the term allelopathy.
Most definition applies to rules.
Most definition gives information.
Most definition includes comparison.
Most definition incorporates features.
Most definition makes more senses.
Most definition makes senses.
Most definition provides descriptions.
Most definition provides references.
Most definition relates to ideas.
Most definition requires clarification.
Most definitions are one paragraph in length.
Most definitions imply that learning disabilities can be present at any age.
Most definitions provide a means to convert the unit into something else.
Most definitions refer to the sale or purchase of goods or services over the Internet.
Most definitions talk about what shamans do rather than what shamans believe .
Some definition becomes reality.
Some definition depends on characteristic parameters.
Some definition depends on parameters.
Some definition helps members.
Some definition helps workers.
Some definition includes evaporation.
Some definition includes potato.
Some definition includes substances.
Some definition includes women.
Some definition incorporates aspects.
Some definition is given by modern scientists.
Some definition is given by scientists.
Some definition is presented in tables.
Some definition is proposed by scientists.
Some definitions also take into account the principal economic activity in an area.
Some definitions are also available for quick review.
Some definitions are available.
Some definitions are below.
Some definitions are exclusively ethnic.
Some definitions are in order first.
Some definitions are in order.
Some definitions are inaccurate or too brief.
Some definitions are linked to more information.
Some definitions are needed.
Some definitions are now more general.
Some definitions are pure wordplay - nonsense, kidding around.
Some definitions are really good.
Some definitions are specific to either the federal or State law and are so indicated.
Some definitions belong to the beginning of every good pseudo-scientific text.
Some definitions can be a column long.
Some definitions contain links to images.
Some definitions contain links to more information on other web pages.
Some definitions contain links to other related areas on the Web.
Some definitions have visual links, as do most of the essays.
Some definitions reference other definitions.
Some definitions says it is reproduction without the fusion of gametes.
Some definitions use the terms disability, impairment and handicap interchangeably.
Definitional control can also work by omission.
Definitional problems abound with the word broadcast and related terms.
Definitional specifications are generally harder to construct.
Definitive algorithms are typically of interest to only computer scientist.
Definitive algorithms are typically of interest to only computer scientists.
Definitive algorithms perform tasks that have a definite answer and a best method for processing.
Definitive answers remain elusive on the benefits of supplementation.
More definitive conclusions depend upon in-depth investigation.
More definitive data are on the way.
Definitive diagnosis depends on demonstration of the organism in culture.
Definitive diagnosis involves complicated enzyme tests.
Definitive diagnosis is accomplished quickly with several blood tests.
Definitive diagnosis is based on microscopic examination of the brain.
Definitive diagnosis is by brain biopsy.
Definitive diagnosis is confirmed by imaging the thrombus.
Definitive diagnosis is essential before new treatments can be assessed reliably.
Definitive diagnosis is established by cessation of symptoms with vaginal delivery.
Definitive diagnosis is established by histopathology.
Definitive diagnosis is established by isolating infectious virus from the patient's blood.
Definitive diagnosis is made by a blood culture.
Definitive diagnosis is made by biopsying the liver.
Definitive diagnosis is made by culture of vaginal secretions.
Definitive diagnosis is made by histopathological examination.
Definitive diagnosis is made by incisional, excisional, or needle biopsy of the mass.
Definitive diagnosis is made by lung biopsy or at autopsy.
Definitive diagnosis is made by microscopic examination of several removed polyps.
Definitive diagnosis is made by X-rays.
Definitive diagnosis is made histologically.
Definitive diagnosis is made post-mortem.
Definitive diagnosis is made when the head of the worm is identified within the ulcer.
Definitive diagnosis is often difficult without a laboratory test.
Definitive diagnosis is only possible when the larvae are found.
Definitive diagnosis is possible only late in the disease, or after death.
Definitive diagnosis is through viral isolation of the organism.
Definitive diagnosis is with liver biopsy.
Definitive diagnosis relies on a temporal artery biopsy.
Definitive diagnosis requires a biopsy.
Definitive diagnosis requires a liver biopsy for microscopic analysis and enzyme assay.
Definitive diagnosis requires biopsy of the lesion and immunohistochemical staining.
Definitive diagnosis requires culture of lung biopsy material.
Definitive diagnosis requires demonstration of larvae in muscle.
Definitive diagnosis requires interpretation of a lymph node aspirate or biopsy.
Definitive diagnosis requires isolation and identification of the causative agent.
Definitive diagnosis requires testing that is available only in highly specialized laboratories.
Definitive diagnosis requires the growth of the organism from clinical specimens.
Definitive diagnosis rests on testing of serum thyroid hormone levels.
Definitive documents cover materials of the required quality.
Definitive enamel has yet to form.
Definitive evaluation is done by measuring the pressure in the compartment with a atheter.
Definitive evidence requires pathological confirmation at the time of autopsy.
Definitive experiments have yet to be conducted, however.
Definitive hair grows to a certain length and then ceases to grow anymore.
A definitive host is a host
Definitive hosts are man, cats, and bears.
Definitive management consists of administration of stonefish antivenin.
Definitive measures can be partially or totally re-examined.
Definitive orbit is available only after one week has elapsed, approximately.
Definitive plumages are repeated for the life of the bird.
Definitive principles describes a way of representing state using spreadsheet-like techniques.
More definitive research is needed.
Definitive sites give way to different, equally authoritative ones.
Definitive stamps are always available.
Definitive studies show that cholesterol control can lower frequency of heart disease and stroke.
Definitive study reveals no relationship between dental amalgam and alzheimer's disease .
More definitive studies are underway.
Definitive tests involve unequivocal identification of an agent or compound.
Definitive testing requires liver biopsy and enzyme analysis.
Definitive therapy entails irradiation with or without surgical decompression.
Definitive therapy includes removing patients from the heat and replenishing their fluids.
Definitive therapy requires delivery of the fetus and placenta.
Definitive treatment consists of dissolving the clot by thrombolytic therapy.
Definitive treatment consists of surgical repair or replacement of the diseased blood vessel.
Definitive treatment depends on determining the cause of the amenorrhoea.
Definitive treatment includes surgical repair of the chest wall.
Definitive treatment involves resection of the portion of colon bearing the angiodysplasia.
Definitive treatment is delivery of fetus.
Definitive treatment is necessary in order to have long term relief of symptoms.
Definitive treatment is performed at a center with neurosurgical or orthopedic spine expertise.
Definitive treatment is removal of the abnormal eyelashes.
Definitive treatment is surgical.
Definitive treatment requires open-heart surgery, a very costly procedure.
More definitive work needs to be done.
A deflagration is combustion
Deflagrations propagate at subsonic speeds.
Deflate compression is lossless, meaning all data is recovered by compression.
Deflated profits makes real estate less attractive to mega-banks, more suitable to local lenders.
Deflation actually seems to be bottoming out, though.
Deflation affects raw materials first and hardest.
Deflation also discourages home ownership.
Deflation becomes unstoppable, and the consumer economy grinds to a halt.
Deflation causes a squeeze on prices.
Deflation causes real estate values to plunge.
Deflation causes tax rates to fall automatically.
Deflation creates a world in which common sense turns upside-down and the wrong way round.
Deflation ends when desert pavement is established.
Deflation favors nominal bonds.
Deflation has exactly the opposite effect.
Deflation increases real interest rates and debt burdens.
Deflation increases the burden of debt and labor costs while reducing business profits.
Deflation is a continuing problem, for the third straight year.
Deflation is a decrease in the general level of prices, as measured by some price index.
Deflation is a form of erosion that occurs when loose rock particles are blown away by the wind.
Deflation is a great word.
Deflation is a greatly misunderstood phenomenon.
Deflation is a monetary phenomenon and is caused by an absolute fall in the quantity of money.
Deflation is a persistent fall in the general price level.
Deflation is a physical process
Deflation is a situation where the average of all prices of goods and services is falling.
Deflation is a sustained decrease in the average level of prices.
Deflation is a. a sustained increase in the average price level.
Deflation is A. equivalent to hyperinflation.
Deflation is accomplished in two methods.
Deflation is another concern.
Deflation is another word for shrinking of the money supply.
Deflation is as dangerous.
Deflation is bad for two reasons.
Deflation is built into the global economy that has emerged in the wake of the cold war.
Deflation is decrease.
Deflation is erosion.
Deflation is here.
Deflation is inflation rates.
Deflation is just as damaging to the economy as inflation.
Deflation is nothing to be afraid of.
Deflation is now the order of the day in Japan.
Deflation is rampant.
Deflation is the big overlooked danger to our stock market and economy.
Deflation is the lowering of the land surface due to removal of fine-grained particles by the wind.
Deflation is the opposite of inflation.
Deflation is the term for pervasive declines in the prices of goods and services in an economy.
Deflation is the word that comes to mind.
Deflation is thought to be even worse than inflation.
Deflation isa erosion.
Deflation keeps pressure on revenues while eroding profits.
Deflation looms as consumers hold onto their money.
Deflation makes companies lower the price of their goods and gouges profit margins.
Deflation makes profit growth elusive.
Deflation means accepting that things have to get worse to get better.
Deflation means an absolute fall in the money supply.
Deflation occurs if the money supply decreases, ceteris paribus.
Deflation occurs when a currency gains in value relative to gold.
Deflation occurs when the broad-based price index falls.
Deflation occurs when the spiral effects are reversed.
Deflation occurs when the value of goods and services falls.
Deflation occurs when too little money chases too many goods for too long.
Deflation raises a very different set of issues than the spread of discount stores.
Deflation reduces the value of inventories and encourages the postponement of purchases.
Deflation remains a problem amid flat economic growth.
Deflation remains a threat as failing state factories churn out unwanted goods.
Deflation seems to be expanding in the commodity markets.
Deflation starts when people are waiting for prices to go down even more.
Deflation takes an hour.
Deflation thus suffers guilt by association, with depression.
Deflation ultimately grinds away at the entire economy until all wages and prices adjust downward.
Deflation usually moves hand in hand with economic slowdown, lower productivity and loss of jobs.
Deflationary policy is costly for the treasury and unpopular with the masses.
Deflationary pressure is still in place.
Deflationary pressure persists, but appears to be easing.
Deflationary pressure threatens to stall a resurgence in consumer confidence.
Deflected jets provide additional lift.
Deflected pipe is much more difficult to inspect and clean.
Deflection angle is critical to the effective function of any derail device.
A deflection is aberration
Deflection can cause toe changes in the rear suspension which can adversely affect handling.
Deflection causes changes in camber, caster, and toe angles, influencing steering control.
Deflection happens when an object hits a plane surface.
Deflection is a measure of how far the bridge sags when loaded.
Deflection is a purely instrumental quantity.
Deflection is an important source of lift.
Deflection is an undesirable effect from the use of sidespin.
Deflection is done through curving the travel path of the automobile.
Deflection is flex.
Deflection is to the right in the Northern Hemisphere and to the left in the Southern Hemisphere.
Deflection is very minimal.
Deflection ledge to protect house.
Deflection refers to the angle off relationship between the shooter and target.
Deflections are a constant problem with so thin members.
Deflections are a part of hockey.
Deflections are bending.
Deflections are movement.
Deflections are physical properties.
Deflections Now let's take a look at some actual deflections in the frame.
All deflections are small, so that planar cross-sections remain planar before and after bending.
More deflection means more cushioning, less ball deformation, and more energy return.
Some deflection is a necessary part of pin carry.
Deflector shields protect the pilot, while an on-board astromech aids in navigation and repairs.
A deflector is a device
Deflectors are available in split or shallow configurations.
Defoliated plants are more susceptible to winter injury and drought.
Defoliated plants can survive if stem damage is minimal and the terminal growing is intact.
Defoliated trees can become stressed allowing secondary problems to occur.
Defoliated trees grow replacement leaves that are high in tannin.
Defoliation also cuts off the food supply to late season insects that are entering diapause.
Defoliation also makes the plants weaker and more susceptible to winter injury as well.
Defoliation also predisposes trees to bark beetle attack.
Defoliation begins soon after symptoms appear.
Defoliation can also affect seed development and germination characteristics.
Defoliation can also reduce the abundance of flowers the following spring.
Defoliation can also result in sunburn of the fruit and quality loss.
Defoliation can be severe when conditions favor disease development.
Defoliation can be severe.
Defoliation can be swift and sever.
Defoliation can follow.
Defoliation can occur in several different.
Defoliation can reduce yields and lessen winter hardiness.
Defoliation can sometimes be extreme.
Defoliation causes most of the loses.
Defoliation causes most of the losses.
Defoliation directly affects trees by decreasing their health and vigor.
Defoliation eventually occurs.
Defoliation exposes the fruit to sunscald and yellow shoulder.
Defoliation follows severe early leaf infection.
Defoliation follows, and the crown appears bushy.
Defoliation is a measure of the leaf area destroyed by the storm.
Defoliation is also diagnostic.
Defoliation is an action
Defoliation is an important management practice associated with high yields and high quality cotton.
Defoliation is especially severe when trees under water stress are subject to drying winds.
Defoliation is more of a concern, in newly established asparagus beds.
Defoliation is most obvious in the upper crown and at branch tips.
Defoliation is particularly noticeable during winter months.
Defoliation is perhaps the most common and conspicuous type of damage.
Defoliation is possible relative to population levels.
Defoliation is recognized as small, round holes between major leaf veins.
Defoliation is slow.
Defoliation is very heavy, especially on early maturing varieties.
Defoliation naturally interferes with growth and development of crop causing yield reduction.
Defoliation occurs commonly.
Defoliation occurs early in the year.
Defoliation occurs in badly drained soil.
Defoliation occurs infrequently.
Defoliation occurs late in summer, when most growth is completed.
Defoliation occurs when infection is severe.
Defoliation occurs with increased infection.
Defoliation produces a similar reaction.
Defoliation progresses upward from the lower plant.
Defoliation reduces both cover and forage for many wildlife species.
Defoliation reduces both hiding cover and forage for many wildlife species.
Defoliation speeds up maturity and makes the harvest easier.
Defoliation starts at the bottom of the plant and works up.
Defoliation starts in the upper crown in early summer and progresses downward.
Defoliation starts with crown leaves.
Defoliation typically occurs from the bottom of the plant to the top.
Defoliation weakens plants and reduces flower production and quality.
Defoliation weakens the plant and exposes the fruit to sunscald injury.
Defoliation weakens trees and leads to other stresses.
Defoliation sometimes accompanies drought stress.
Defoliation sometimes occurs.
Most defoliation is caused by the last two instars.
Most defoliation occurs late in the summer the second year after infection.
Some defoliation results.
Deforestation accelerates beyond the limits set by the state.
Deforestation affects all of Angola, but it is worse in the war- ravaged central highlands.
Deforestation affects biological diversity in three ways.
Deforestation affects climates.
Deforestation affects density.
Deforestation affects diversity.
Deforestation affects environments.
Deforestation affects much of Mexico.
Deforestation affects plant density.
Deforestation affects the different forest domains differently.
Deforestation affects the entire earth's environment and economic development.
Deforestation affects wooded areas in grasslands regions as well as close canopy forests.
Deforestation also affects indigenous people, both physically and culturally.
Deforestation also affects the people of Honduras in other, less obvious, ways.
Deforestation also affects the soil and local climate.
Deforestation also contributes to global warming.
Deforestation also contributes to the reduction of rainfall and bad climate situations.
Deforestation also creates topsoil loss.
Deforestation also disrupts the Carbon Cycle.
Deforestation also drives climate change.
Deforestation also hurts more distant ecosystems.
Deforestation also increases the levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Deforestation also releases carbon dioxide via burning and exposing the soil to sunlight.
Deforestation also threatens the country s wildlife resources.
Deforestation also undermines the important carbon sink function of forests.
Deforestation alters the resource base and biomass of endemic stream insects in eastern Madagascar.
Deforestation becomes a problem in the present years when other sources of energy are expensive.
Deforestation can affect both regional and global climate.
Deforestation can also be one consequence of war .
Deforestation can also diminish the social, aesthetic, and spiritual values of forests.
Deforestation can also reduce rainfall in certain areas, increasing the threat of desertification.
Deforestation can cause high runoff of water, and loss of nitrates from the soil.
Deforestation can disrupt the lives of local communities, sometimes with devastating consequences.
Deforestation can lead to damage and loss of habitats.
Deforestation can make fragile slopes unstable.
Deforestation causes a loss of habitat.
Deforestation causes destruction.
Deforestation causes erosion.
Deforestation causes expansion.
Deforestation causes fast degradation when the soil is steep sloppy or easily erodible.
Deforestation causes landslides, rockfalls, and increased earthquake damage.
Deforestation causes large plots of land to lose plants that help contribute to the nitrogen cycle.
Deforestation causes local extinction of species of trees.
Deforestation causes massive soil erosion and the quality of the land deteriorates rapidly.
Deforestation causes rapid runoff into local streams.
Deforestation causes release of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere.
Deforestation causes soil erosion and the consequent loss of watersheds.
Deforestation causes soil erosion landslide and flash floods.
Deforestation causes soil erosion.
Deforestation causes the extinction of species.
Deforestation causes the soil to erode into the ocean, killing coral reefs and marine life.
Deforestation coincides with the elimination of dead wood which is crucial bee habitat.
Deforestation concerns people for two major reasons.
Deforestation continues apace.
Deforestation continues to create severe social problems, sometimes leading to violent conflict.
Deforestation continues, eliminating more habitat and making more areas accessible to poachers.
Deforestation continues, though tempered by government regulations.
Deforestation contributes to conflict.
Deforestation contributes to desertification, global warming, poverty and loss of beauty.
Deforestation contributes to global warming and reduction in the biodiversity of the planet.
Deforestation contributes to global warming as well.
Deforestation contributes to social conflict.
Deforestation creates further problems.
Deforestation creates problems.
Deforestation decreases rainfall effectiveness and increases aridization of the climate.
Deforestation decreases the maximum relative humidity, especially during mid-day.
Deforestation definitely plays a role in the bay cat's life, as with any tropical animal.
Deforestation destabilizes hillsides and contributes to the devastation of floods.
Deforestation disrupts the carbon and nitrogen cycles.
Deforestation does more than remove habitat.
Deforestation drastically affects weather patterns.
Deforestation drives the chimpanzee species toward extinction.
Deforestation estimates for eight national biozones.
Deforestation generally leads to decreased rainfall.
Deforestation happens when people cut down forests or when trees are burned.
Deforestation harms both nearby and distant ecosystems.
Deforestation has effects.
Deforestation has immediate effects.
Deforestation has many devastating effects.
Deforestation has many negative effects on the environment.
Deforestation has many negative effects.
Deforestation has negative effects.
Deforestation has other consequences.
Deforestation has profound effects upon regional climate, mainly by reducing rainfall.
Deforestation hinders regeneration and growth of non-tree plant life.
Deforestation increases damaging erosion and destroys a river's watershed.
Deforestation increases decay.
Deforestation increases disturbances.
Deforestation increases surface run-off, causing river levels to rise more quickly.
Deforestation increases the ability of an area to hold water.
Deforestation increases with a larger share of small and tenant farms and higher population density.
Deforestation involves the clearing away of trees and other vegetation in an area.
Deforestation is a big concern.
Deforestation is a big environmental concern in Nepal.
Deforestation is a cause of the food shortage.
Deforestation is a complex issue, and one that involves social, economic and environment issues.
Deforestation is a continuing problem.
Deforestation is a critical environmental issue.
Deforestation is a global disaster.
Deforestation is a good example of a human activity that effects the environment.
Deforestation is a human impact limited to the tropics.
Deforestation is a husking
Deforestation is a major cause of loss of species, be they plant or animal.
Deforestation is a major concern around the world.
Deforestation is a major environmental, social and economic problem.
Deforestation is a major factor in the increase of floods.
Deforestation is a major problem in Haiti.
Deforestation is a major problem in Indonesia.
Deforestation is a major problem.
Deforestation is a problem in China.
Deforestation is a problem the country is dealing with due to logging and hydroelectric projects.
Deforestation is a problem, especially with the relatively small amount of forest the nation has.
Deforestation is a serious environmental concern.
Deforestation is a serious threat for most African countries.
Deforestation is a serious threat to the continued existence of some of the species in the wild.
Deforestation is a threat to slow lorises throughout their range.
Deforestation is a very serious problem in the tropics.
Deforestation is also a continuing problem.
Deforestation is also a growing worry.
Deforestation is also a serious environmental concern.
Deforestation is also an issue although the island does have a good preservation system.
Deforestation is also an issue as is acid rain from the increase in industry.
Deforestation is also another large problem.
Deforestation is also one of the biggest threats to the taiga.
Deforestation is an example of biosphere pollution.
Deforestation is an increasing environmental problem with growing implications.
Deforestation is caused by agriculture.
Deforestation is considered one of the most severe environmental problems worldwide.
Deforestation is considered to be one of the contributing factors to global climate change.
Deforestation is conversion of forest to non-forest.
Deforestation is environmental conditions.
Deforestation is extremely extensive throughout the Caribbean Islands.
Deforestation is much more serious than forest degradation.
Deforestation is negligible.
Deforestation is Nepal's greatest environment problem.
Deforestation is nothing new.
Deforestation is old news.
Deforestation is on the rise, due in part to the problems faced by subsistence farmers and the poor.
Deforestation is one of the leading causes of habitat and biodiversity loss.
Deforestation is particularly harmful to salamanders.
Deforestation is particularly problematic in western Africa.
Deforestation is perhaps the most serious environmental problem facing Afghanistan.
Deforestation is problem.
Deforestation is quite possibly the greatest threat to biodiversity at present.
Deforestation is rampant in areas unsuitable for other uses.
Deforestation is rapid and desertification is a very serious problem.
Deforestation is reduced by eliminating much of the wood framing.
Deforestation is the conversion of forested areas to non-forested areas.
Deforestation is the destruction of indigeneous forests and woodlands.
Deforestation is the major cause of loss of habitat.
Deforestation is the most devastating environmental issue .
Deforestation is the permanent destruction of indigenous forests and woodlands.
Deforestation is the process of automatically removing intermediate data structures.
Deforestation is the rapid destruction of woodland.
Deforestation is the removal of trees for requirements of growing population .
Deforestation is the removal of trees for requirements of growing population.
Deforestation is the second largest human-made source.
Deforestation is the second largest source of carbon dioxide.
Deforestation is the second largest source of greenhouse gases due to human activity.
Deforestation is what happens when people chop down all the trees in the forest and clear the land.
Deforestation is widespread in the south.
Deforestation is widespread.
Deforestation is, indeed, a phenomenon occasioned by increase in numbers of human beings.
Deforestation isa removal.
Deforestation leads quickly to erosion and drought.
Deforestation leads to a decrease in the amount of water absorbed by the soil.
Deforestation leads to degradations.
Deforestation leads to erosion, which causes rivers to silt up, which causes flooding.
Deforestation leads to increased run-off, and increases the chances of water shortages.
Deforestation leads to loss of forest cover.
Deforestation leads to many changes in the following but they are jumbled.
Deforestation leads to soil degradations.
Deforestation leads to soil erosion and malarial swamps.
Deforestation literally means the clearing of trees from forestland.
Deforestation means less free oxygen and more carbon dioxide.
Deforestation means that the land is converted permanently from forest uses to non-forest purposes.
Deforestation now takes place on a large scale in tropical areas of the world.
Deforestation occurs around the world, though tropical rainforests are particularly targeted.
Deforestation occurs in areas.
Deforestation occurs in many areas.
Deforestation occurs in many ways.
Deforestation occurs in regions.
Deforestation occurs primarily by saw and fire.
Deforestation only becomes a problem when trees are treated as a free good.
Deforestation plays key roles.
Deforestation plays roles.
Deforestation poses a severe threat to their survival.
Deforestation predicts the number of threatened birds in insular southeast Asia.
Deforestation presents problems.
Deforestation produces known profits from lumber sales and subsequent ranching.
Deforestation reduces biodiversity by degrading environment for species.
Deforestation reduces habitats.
Deforestation reduces woodlands needed by adults.
Deforestation remains an alarming problem.
Deforestation removes trees that hold the soil to the land.
Deforestation results in a loss of upland forest habitat used by adults and dispersing juveniles.
Deforestation results in degradations.
Deforestation results in many negative consequences.
Deforestation results in soil degradations.
Deforestation takes place when trees are cut down in the rainforest.
Deforestation There are no accurate studies of the rate of deforestation in Zaire.
Deforestation threatens the land on which the new antpitta species lives.
Deforestation thus worsens flooding in the valleys.
Deforestation ultimately results in the release of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
Deforestation Use the computer model to simulate the effects of deforestation in the watershed.
Deforestation frequently causes leaching of soil nutrients.
Deforestation often leads to desertification.
Deforestation usually comes as a direct result of air and water pollution.
Most deforestation affects climates.
Most deforestation affects density.
Most deforestation affects diversity.
Most deforestation affects environments.
Most deforestation affects plant density.
Most deforestation causes destruction.
Most deforestation causes erosion.
Most deforestation causes expansion.
Most deforestation causes soil erosion.
Most deforestation creates further problems.
Most deforestation creates problems.
Most deforestation has effects.
Most deforestation has immediate effects.
Most deforestation has many negative effects.
Most deforestation has negative effects.
Most deforestation increases disturbances.
Most deforestation is caused by agriculture.
Most deforestation is due to conversion of forests to agricultural land.
Most deforestation leads to degradations.
Most deforestation leads to soil degradations.
Most deforestation occurs in areas.
Most deforestation occurs in many areas.
Most deforestation occurs in regions.
Most deforestation occurs in the moist forests and open woodlands of the tropics.
Most deforestation occurs to make money to pay off international debt and to pay for development.
Most deforestation plays key roles.
Most deforestation plays roles.
Most deforestation presents problems.
Most deforestation reduces habitats.
Some deforestation affects levels.
Some deforestation causes degradations.
Some deforestation causes extinction.
Some deforestation causes landslide.
Some deforestation causes soil degradations.
Some deforestation destroys homes.
Some deforestation has agricultural expansion.
Some deforestation has expansion.
Some deforestation has geographies.
Some deforestation has impact.
Some deforestation increases chances.
Some deforestation increases runoff.
Some deforestation increases water runoff.
Some deforestation leads to erosion.
Some deforestation leads to rainfall.
Some deforestation leads to soil erosion.
Some deforestation reduces erosion.
Some deforestation reduces rainfall.
Some deforestation reduces transpiration.
Some deforestation threatens life.
Deforested areas dry quickly, changing the ecology of plant life in the area.
Deforested lands reflect greater solar heat than before.
Deforested terrain allows rainwater to run off rapidly.
Deformable mapping is an area of active research.
Deformable mirrors flex their potential Adaptive optics are expensive.
Deformable models are extremely flexible by their very nature.
Deformable models are just a start.
Deformable models imitate, in real-time, the dynamic behavior of elastic structures.
A deformation is damage
Deformation ceases when the applied force is removed.
Deformation continues today, evidenced by both shallow and intermediate depth seismicity.
Deformation continues up to fracture .
Deformation conveys ideas of external mechanical forces altering morphogenesis.
Deformation deals with how much the bullet was changed as it traveled through the bore.
Deformation involves folding and fracture of rock bodies.
Deformation is also highly variable in the bedrock encountered so far.
Deformation is evaluated at Earth's surface.
Deformation is further problematic as the cap can loosen resulting in leaks and cap-loss.
Deformation is homogenous in regard to determination of induced strain.
Deformation is obvious.
Deformation is reduced and the food bends down in front of the animal.
Deformation is related to the weight on the wheel, tire size and pressure.
Deformation is simply a change in shape that anything undergoes under stress.
Deformation is the greatest factor in rolling friction of tires or wheels made of soft materials.
Deformation occurs along the edges of the plates as they move and grind together.
Deformation occurs in both frozen and thawed material under either low or high confining pressures.
Deformation occurs prior to rupture.
Deformation Take a look at the two pics above.
Deformation terminates abruptly outside the transfer zone.
Deformation varies from place to place.
Deformations act on templates to produce observable shapes.
Deformations are a handy tool to master, especially for simple modeling tasks.
Deformations can be linear or spline based.
Deformations can be nonlinear.
Deformations can result from viscous stresses in fluid flow or from directly applied forces.
All deformation occurs at the boundaries between plates.
Deformational plagiocephaly is a condition in which a baby's head has an uneven or irregular shape.
Deformed amphibians are nothing new.
Deformed areas are red to yellow at first and then turn brown.
Deformed cells express different biosynthetic activity relative to undeformed cells.
Deformed mutants have to come from somewhere.
Deformed teeth are very rare and are highly sought after among collectors.
A deformity is an appearance
Deformities are afflictions.
Deformities are also widespread, caused by pollutants such as pesticides and other factors.
Deformities are caused by conditions.
Deformities are common, particularly among Iraqi children.
Deformities arise and occur in nature in all species and forms of life.
Deformities can also result from physical injury.
Deformities can be terrible, but some types of criminal behavior are even worse.
Deformities can result from shortening of muscles and tendons.
Deformities can result.
Deformities can then result.
Deformities occur during embryo development, while malpositions occur the last week of incubation.
Deformities occur within all plants and animals.
Deformities result from positioning during pregnancy, sleeping position, or from neck tightness.
Deformities result in defects.
Deformities result in such defects.
Deformity isa condition.
Deformity persisting over three months is unlikely to improve with splinting alone.
Deformity results from the natural resting postures of a swollen joint.
Any deformities usually disappear if the condition is treated in the early stages.
Most deformities are caused by conditions.
Most deformities result in defects.
Most deformities result in such defects.
Some deformities associate with ash deposition.
Some deformities associate with deposition.
Some deformities prevent deliveries.
Some deformities result in death.
Some deformity occurs before weight bearing from strong dorsal muscle pull.
Defragmented disks improve client access to shared files.
Defrosted semen remains viable at most a few hours and is usually immediately after defrosting.
Defrosted tofu has a chewy consistency and is excellent for absorbing flavors.
Defunct calenders curl on the walls.
All degas information is integrated into the sample data file for easy reference in the future.
Degeneracy pressure can be extremely strong.
Degeneracy pressure is much higher for electrons than it is for protons or neutrons.
A degeneracy is abjection
Degeneracies are important in physics.
Degeneracy brings built in failure.
Degeneracy is here almost a useless word.
Degeneracy resulting in simplification is sometimes hard to distinguish from primitive simplicity.
Degeneracy results because there are more codons than encodable amino acids.
Degeneracy results from symmetry in the system .
Degeneracy results from symmetry in the system.
Degenerate bases are routine and there is no additional charge.
Degenerate constructivism is a perfect match for self-esteem education.
Degenerate electron pressure resists forces.
Degenerate matter has other unusual properties.
Degenerate matter has properties.
Degenerate matter has unusual properties.
Most degenerate matter has other unusual properties.
Most degenerate matter has properties.
Most degenerate matter has unusual properties.
Degenerate isa individual.
Degenerate isa person.
Degenerate isa somebody.
Degenerate isa someone.
Degenerates have (part) arms.
Degenerates have (part) body substances.
Degenerates have (part) cell membranes.
Degenerates have (part) cells.
Degenerates have (part) corpi.
Degenerates have (part) cytoplasm.
Degenerates have (part) heads.
Degenerates have (part) human bodies.
Degenerates have (part) legs.
Degenerates have (part) material bodies.
Degenerates have (part) necks.
Degenerates have (part) nuclei.
Degenerates have (part) personality.
Degenerates have (part) plasma membranes.
Degenerates have (part) sections.
Degenerates have (part) vacuoles.
Degeneration appears to begin during the microspore mitosis stage.
Degeneration causes premature aging.
Degeneration is a microscopic change, and a process.
Degeneration is a physical process
Degeneration is a process where wear and tear causes deterioration.
Degeneration is initiated by exposure to abnormal physical, chemical, or psychological stresses.
Degeneration is processes.
Degeneration is simply a term opposed to evolution, neither contains a value statement.
Degeneration is thus a result of wear and tear on the spine.
Degeneration is transformation.
Degeneration isa process.
Degeneration means slow deterioration or gradual loss of function.
Some degeneration causes blindness.
Some degeneration leads to abnormalities.
Some degeneration leads to blindness.
Some degeneration leads to responses.
Some degeneration occurs in glass lizards.
Some degeneration occurs in goats.
Some degeneration occurs in lizards.
Some degeneration occurs in wild goats.
Some degeneration takes places.
Degenerative changes are also causes of backache.
Degenerative changes are present in the intervertebral discs of all subjects by middle-age.
Degenerative changes are primarily in the photoreceptor layer.
Degenerative changes are visible on both surfaces of the joint.
Degenerative changes emerge rapidly after the adolescent growth spurt.
Degenerative changes occur in the cells of the epithelioid layer in the placental hemisphere.
Degenerative changes result from lack of enzymes.
Degenerative conditions are reversible.
Degenerative disease can be the end result.
Degenerative disease indicates a worsening of physical or mental qualities.
Degenerative diseases are at epidemic levels.
Degenerative diseases occur as a result of the natural aging of the body tissues.
Degenerative diseases take decades of bad eating habits to develop.
Degenerative diseases take place.
Most degenerative diseases begin with the failure of the cycling of oxidative phosphorylation.
Most degenerative diseases originate in the intestines.
Degenerative illnesses are the real culprits.
Degenerative osteoarthritis compounds the problem and often leads to hip replacement.
Degenerative spondylolisthesis can further compromise the canal.
Degenerative spondylolisthesis is a forward slippage secondary to arthritis of the spine.
Deglutition is an activity
Deglutition is still no-woman's land for many a young maid.
Deglycyrrhizinated licorice is reported to be free from adverse effects listed above.
Degradable bags are available for collection and transport of materials to the system.
Some degradable foams are also available.
A degradation is an action
Degradation alone can be enough to disqualify a glove for use with a chemical.
Degradation also is accelerated by the formation of peroxides from the auto-oxidant in the system.
Degradation also is accelerated by the formation of peroxides.
Degradation appears as swelling, softening, cracking, or other change in appearance.
Degradation can also be useful in biomedical settings.
Degradation comes in several forms, the best known of which is soil erosion.
Degradation depends on soil type, temperature, and moisture.
Degradation depends on temperature and the presence of microorganisms.
Degradation implies a reduction in usefulness of the material.
Degradation implies reduction of resource potential.
Degradation increases with temperature and exposure to sunlight .
Degradation is a change in physical properties of the glove material.
Degradation is a result of two simultaneous processes.
Degradation is also most rapid when the diflubenzuron particles are smaller.
Degradation is caused mostly by man and is normal in areas of poverty and underdevelopment.
Degradation is either through bulk erosion and surface erosion.
Degradation is enhanced by adding surfactants to mobilize the contaminants.
Degradation is especially severe in Africa and Central America.
Degradation is faster in flooded soil.
Degradation is faster in the presence of sediments, and is faster in fresh water than in salt water.
Degradation is favoured by high pH and high microbial activity.
Degradation is frequently by consortia of microorganisms.
Degradation is frequently limited due to insufficient electron acceptors.
Degradation is gradual.
Degradation is important to protein conc.
Degradation is most rapid under warm, humid conditions.
Degradation is much quicker in aerobic conditions.
Degradation is much slower under anaerobic conditions - weeks instead of hours in screening studies.
Degradation is the erosion of landforms by water, wind, and gravity.
Degradation is typical of all sex chromosome systems.
Degradation is usually the first test conducted.
Degradation isa action.
Degradation lowers the elevation of streambeds and flood plains.
Degradation Makes cost of resistance appear more damaging to self esteem than capitulation.
Degradation obeys a power law time dependance.
Degradation occurs as a result of many forms of pollution, from acid rain to pesticides.
Degradation occurs because of lower interference tolerances of digital satellite signals.
Degradation occurs due to sunlight, soil microorganisms, and chemical reactions in the soil.
Degradation occurs more quickly.
Degradation occurs to color photos, too.
Degradation occurs when a material absorbs the radiation.
Degradation refers to water quality.
Degradation results in a deterioration of the physical properties of the plastic.
Degradation slows to a crawl.
Degradation spreads from the top down.
Degradation weakens the joint.
Degradations are caused by activities.
Degradations are caused by disturbances.
Degradations are caused by human activities.
Degradations are caused by human disturbances.
Degradations can have impact.
Degradations increase poverty.
Degradations involve oxidation.
Degradations lead to breakdowns.
Degradations lead to differences.
Degradations lead to reductions.
Degradations pose concern.
Degradations pose serious concern.
Degradations reduce chances.
Degradations reduce likelihood.
Degradations reduce quality.
Most degradations are caused by activities.
Most degradations are caused by disturbances.
Most degradations are caused by human activities.
Most degradations are caused by human disturbances.
Most degradations can have impact.
Most degradations increase poverty.
Most degradations involve oxidation.
Most degradations lead to breakdowns.
Most degradations lead to differences.
Most degradations lead to reductions.
Most degradations pose serious concern.
Most degradations reduce chances.
Most degradations reduce likelihood.
Most degradations reduce quality.
Some degradation is observed in the cross-track direction.
Some degradations affect health.
Some degradations affect human health.
Some degradations affect productivity.
Some degradations affect ruminant productivity.
Some degradations can have effects.
Some degradations contribute to cell death.
Some degradations contribute to death.
Some degradations create conditions.
Some degradations create habitats.
Some degradations have economic impact.
Some degradations have impact.
Some degradations have production.
Some degradations have severe economic impact.
Some degradations have severe impact.
Some degradations increase impact.
Some degradations increase potential impact.
Some degradations occur in countries.
Some degradations occur in cytosol.
Some degradations occur in distinct organelles.
Some degradations occur in organelles.
Some degradations occur in poor countries.
Some degradations reduce food production.
Some degradations reduce production.
Some degradations require activities.
Some degradations result in production.
Some degradations yield significant benefits.
Degraded blood can give a false or misleading test result.
Degraded environment hurts common man the most and they have most of the votes.
Degraded trails have an adverse effect on the surrounding environment and population.
Degraded visibility is another major cause of incursions.
Degree ceremonies are very important events in our calendar.
Degree classification is based mainly on final-year performance.
Degree completion covers engineering, architecture, and engineering technologies.
Degree completion is also possible by part-time study during the day.
Degree completion is possible in one year, depending on how the student elects to study.
Degree courses are available by correspondence.
All degree courses feature the following conditions.
Most degree courses are primarily academic.
Most degree courses take three or four years.
Some degree courses have options - effectively different specialized streams within the degree.
A degree day is an unit
Degree days are units of measurement reflecting just how hot or cold the weather has been.
Degree days are units of measurement reflecting just how hot or cold the weather is.
Degree days are useful in measuring temperature variances between various time periods.
Degree days indicate heating and cooling requirements of buildings.
Degree days indicate the likely development stage of the orange blossom wheat midge.
Degree days tell why.
Degree distribution is pictured below.
Degree mills offer diplomas and degrees without requiring any course work.
Degree murderers are sentenced to death.
Degrees of arc are a measure of the size of the angle created when two lines or two plane intersect.
Degrees of consanguinity refer to the relationship between the prospective bride and groom.
Degree of difficulty counts for little if anything.
Degree of difficulty is adjustable.
Degree of difficulty ranges from basic to advanced.
Degree of difficulty ranges from easiest to most difficult.
Degree of difficulty ranges from level paths to gently rolling hills to steep inclines.
Degree of difficulty ranges from relatively easy to moderate.
Degree of difficulty varies with changes from flash floods.
Degrees of difficulty do vary between boards in recognition of the varying heights.
Degree of freedom is a variable
Degrees of freedom Be able to compute the sampling standard deviation.
Degree of saturation is the percentage of saturated samples obtained from the field.
A degree program is a curriculum
Degree program expands to three years.
Degree programs are available at the baccalaureate level and some at the associate level.
Degree programs are available both on campus and online.
Degree programs are available from the various universities.
Degree programs are available in animal behavior, education, English, and mathematics.
Degree programs are available.
Degree programs are courses of study.
Degree programs are longer term with a focus on college level instruction.
Degree programs are usually two years, although some are three years.
Degree Programs BA in Broadcasting.
Degree programs come later.
Degree programs differ in the specific requirements and guidelines for admission.
Degree programs focus on the education and skills needed in modern business and industry.
Degree programs have biblical, general education, and professional components.
Degree programs involve classroom study as well as practical field experience.
Degree programs range from baccalaureate through doctoral.
Degree programs reflect a commitment to excellence in health education.
Degree programs require admission to the university.
Degree programs vary among institutions.
Degree programs vary amoung institutions.
Degree programs vary but most programs allow new students to enter at the start of each semester.
Degree programs vary by campus.
All degree programs are compatible in name with similar programs at other institutions.
All degree programs are for full-time day students.
All degree programs are subject to quota.
All degree programs begin in the fall term.
All degree programs emphasize performance.
All degree programs have national accreditation.
All degree programs remain intact.
All degree programs require a final oral examination.
All degree programs require a major.
All degree programs require a performance audition before acceptance into the major.
All degree programs require a practice experience.
All degree programs require course work in the biological sciences and the physical sciences.
All degree programs require the proposing and defending of thesis research.
Every degree program is based on a core set of courses in the liberal arts and sciences.
Every degree program requires a minimum number of earned hours.
Many degree programs allow students to select a minor as part of their academic preparation.
Many degree programs have capstone experiences that require students to make oral presentations.
Many degree programs require a single college-level mathematics course.
Many degree programs require completion of a supervised internship.
Many degree programs require completion of an internship.
Most degree programs are available on a fee-based option.
Most degree programs combine work-study opportunities to provide students practical experience.
Most degree programs enroll beginning students in the fall semester.
Most degree programs have no residency requirements.
Most degree programs have NO residency requirements.
Most degree programs have requirements in addition to the university requirements listed above.
Most degree programs require a group of courses referred to as the major, concentration, or core.
Most degree programs require a minor in a second teaching area.
Most degree programs require theses or projects as part of the program of study.
Most degree programs take five years to complete.
Some degree programs are available at five regional extension locations.
Some degree programs are available online.
Some degree programs are selective and enrollment is limited.
Some degree programs have additional requirements for admission.
Some degree programs have extensive residential requirements.
Some degree programs have more restrictive transfer requirements.
Some degree programs have more rigorous academic progress requirements.
Some degree programs have no common prerequisites.
Some degree programs have specific requirements for admission.
Some degree programs require a higher score.
Some degree programs require a minor.
Some degree programs require a supplementary application.
Some degree programs require an entrance examination for performance evaluation.
Some degree programs require completion of additional credits.
Some degree programs require completion of additional upper division credits.
Some degree programs require internship experiences.
Some degree programs require more specific qualifications.
Some degree programs require more than twelve credits to be considered full time in the program.
Some degree programs require practicums or labs.
Some degree programs require specific courses as the designated writing course.
Some degree programs require submission of graduate admission test scores from all applicants.
Some degree programs require their students to have an advisor's signature before registration.
A degree is a property
Degree adds additional course and project work after the third year.
Degree also provides many useful fixed point theorems.
Degree amuse Soul around most check across all advice.
Degree are the same.
Degree bounds for invariants and covariants of binary forms.
Degree bounds in monomial subrings.
Degree can vary from a light heat sensation to an extremely hot and uncomfortable feeling.
Degree Choose the degree title from the shaded box.
Degree credits for various academic departments, to integrate IT into their curricula.
Degree Displays the degree of the curve.
Degree dreams Add to population trends the growing value placed on the college degree.
Degree hear thru either adobe blazer.
Degree implies gradation, and gradation depends on circumstances.
Degree is a plus.
Degree is a standard unit.
Degree is awarded after successful completion of four years of professional study.
Degree is awarded on completion of required courses.
Degree is awarded.
Degree is designed to provide students of outstanding ability with a level of advanced study.
Degree is in History.
Degree is non-accredited.
Degree is offered with an emphasis in Educational Leadership.
Degree is preferred, although commensurate experience is considered.
Degree is recognized nationally and internationally.
Degree is required.
Degree is shown down the side, sign of the leading coefficient across the top.
Degree is the barrier and limitation.
Degree is the same.
Degree is two years.
Degree isa property.
Degree offers students the opportunity to pursue an advanced degree in teaching science.
Degree Plans Click on areas of study for required courses.
Degree plans in each field include both academic and practical experience.
Degree prepares students for careers as licensed architects.
Degree recognize onto all meanwhile or pull ice hockey stick.
Degree Related Work Experience Work is related to student's degree program or career goal.
Degree require alongside that blood whether cast relocation guides.
Degree requirements Forty-eight credits are required for the degree.
Degree requirements Forty-five credits are required for the degree.
Degree requirements Forty-nine credits are required for the degree.
Degree requirements Forty-two credits are required for the degree.
Degree requirements Many degree programs require a single college-level mathematics course.
Degree requirements Thirty credits in courses in geology are required for the degree.
Degree requirements Thirty-six credits are required for the degree.
Degree requirements Thirty-three credits are required for the degree.
Degree requirements Thirty-two credits are required for the degree.
Degree seeking students have enrollment priority when space is limited.
Degree seeking students have preference in registering for courses with limited enrollments.
Degree seeking students satisfy two sets of admission requirements in pursuit of their degree.
Degree sequences with single repetitions.
Degree treat beyond any wall hence fallen card game downloads.
Degree treat beyond any wall hence fallen free internet gaming.
Degree treat beyond any wall hence fallen online sports search engine.
Degree treat beyond any wall hence fallen scores.
Degree warn along all lip but mark triathlon training.
Degrees affect functions.
Degrees affect likelihood.
Degrees affect lung functions.
Degrees are absolutely necessary to ensure an orderly organization.
Degrees are academic courses and usually take three years to complete.
Degrees are also available on the master s and doctoral levels.
Degrees are always arguable.
Degrees are an important credential when being considered for a university position.
Degrees are artificial units.
Degrees are as projected onto the sky.
Degrees are available at the bachelor, master and doctoral levels.
Degrees are available at the bachelor, master, and doctroal levels.
Degrees are available at the bachelors, masters and specialist levels.
Degrees are available both internally and via distance education.
Degrees are credentials.
Degrees are either of ascent or of descent.
Degrees are equal for f and g close together.
Degrees are even available through our evening credit program.
Degrees are exponents.
Degrees are important.
Degrees are in anthropology.
Degrees are in sevens, as in octaves of music.
Degrees are less important than competencies.
Degrees are located in universities.
Degrees are magnitudes.
Degrees are nice.
Degrees are odd things.
Degrees are only important for a first job or the first job after entry-level.
Degrees are only important for first jobs or the first job after entry level.
Degrees are organized plans of study that include major and general education courses.
Degrees are properties.
Degrees are states.
Degrees are subject to scrutiny on a course by course basis.
Degrees are the global currency of post-secondary education.
Degrees are to be awarded in the name of four campuses.
Degrees can be business or non-business related.
Degrees confer relative status.
Degrees depend on severity.
Degrees depend on situations.
Degrees do serve a purpose.
Degrees earned are in natural sciences, secondary education and middle school curriculum.
Degrees have consequences.
Degrees have freedom have been radically expanded.
Degrees have important consequences.
Degrees have important fitness consequences.
Degrees is simply that - a default setting.
Degrees is the left hand scale on clinos.
Degrees longitude orbital ground track shifts eastward with each orbit.
Degrees offered by the college are the bachelor of science degree for all programs except two.
Degrees range from associate of science to graduate education.
Degrees range from three to five years.
Degrees remain concentrated in sociology and psychology.
Degrees require a major, which is composed of a series of courses in a subject area.
Degrees result of more aggressive recruitment, conductive learning environment.
Degrees See degrees and majors.
Degrees take periods and no spaces between letters.
Degrees take years.
Degrees Use an apostrophe in bachelor's degree or master's degree.
Degrees vary but bribes have become an intrinsic part of our lives.
All degree courses correspond to three course units.
All degree seeking students complete a research study thesis or master's project.
All degrees are graduate level only.
All degrees are in agricultural economics.
All degrees are in electrical and computer engineering.
All degrees are in electrical engineering.
All degrees are in philosophy.
All degrees are in theology.
All degrees are new and their content is still subject to final university approval.
All degrees are research intensive.
All degrees exist in birds and mammals .
All degrees exist in birds and mammals.
All degrees follow the standard pattern and are only available full-time.
All degrees have common and unique requirements.
All degrees offer a unique integration of a language major and an analytical major.
All degrees require a thesis based on the student's original research.
All degrees require a written exam administered by an independent testing firm.
All degrees require a written thesis or dissertation.
All degrees require completion within five years.
All degrees require independent research as well as basic and specialized courses.
All degrees require some English composition.
All degrees require the completion of original research and a written thesis or dissertation.
Any degree is acceptable.
Any degree is of relevance.
Every degree comes with a guarantee that skills are portable.
Many degrees require more than the minimum number of credits.
Most degrees affect functions.
Most degrees affect likelihood.
Most degrees affect lung functions.
Most degrees contain at least six semesters of campus-based learning, two each year.
Most degrees depend on severity.
Most degrees depend on situations.
Most degrees have consequences.
Most degrees have important consequences.
Most degrees have important fitness consequences.
Most degrees is trial and error experience and open discussion with other people in the industry.
Most degrees offer the student a selection of major field or area of concentration.
Most degrees take years.
Some degrees also specify requirements for particular concentrations.
Some degrees are attainable via the web.
Some degrees are available in given areas but are awarded under a different name of major.
Some degrees are too new to have Latin names, though the abbreviations appear to be backwards.
Some degrees depend on circumstances.
Some degrees depend on factors.
Some degrees depend on many factors.
Some degrees depend on several factors.
Some degrees enhance employment opportunity.
Some degrees enhance opportunity.
Some degrees have effects.
Some degrees have little effects.
Some degrees have more general education requirements than others.
Some degrees help positions.
Some degrees provide environmental protection.
Some degrees provide explanations.
Some degrees provide protection.
Some degrees require basic knowledge before specialising.
Some degrees require specific core courses.
Most degreed engineers aspire to be good designers.
Degu fur is soft and brown with a cream color on the stomach, and the tail has a black tuft.
Degummed silk has greater tenacity than raw silk.
Deheated mustard helps prevent syneresis, and serves as a replacement for certain food gums.
A dehiscence is a natural phenomenon
Dehiscence is a cell separation program that occurs in seedpods to disperse seed.
Dehiscence is accomplished by longitudinal fissuring of the anther-lobes.
Dehiscence is accomplished sometimes by the formation of holes or pores, sometimes by slits.
Dehiscence is extrorse.
Dehiscence is separation of a previously joined wound.
Dehiscence leaves a central structure surounded by the uniseriate perianth.
Dehiscence means the coming apart of the surgical incision or suture line.
Dehorned cattle use less feedbunk space.
Dehumanization is a degradation
Dehumanization is a tool used to help people justify killing.
Dehumanization is degradations.
Dehumanization is indeed a threat.
Dehumanization is real.
Dehumidified air is released into the working environment.
Dehydrated berries are great in cereal, or can be rehydrated and used like fresh berries.
Dehydrated celery is perfect for soups and casseroles.
Dehydrated cells do the opposite.
Dehydrated cubs are prone to constipation.
Dehydrated food is a food product
Dehydrated food is convenience food.
Dehydrated food is foodstuff.
Dehydrated food is located in backpacks.
Dehydrated food is located in space shuttles.
Dehydrated foods are an excellent camping and hiking choice.
Dehydrated foods are foods from which the moisture has been removed.
Dehydrated foods keep well, and require the least amount of space.
Dehydrated foods store longer and take up less space than non-dehydrated foods.
Dehydrated foods work best.
Dehydrated mosses recover well in a dish of water and usually retain their colour.
Dehydrated onions are fine, but fresh minced are preferable.
Dehydrated onions provide alternative, create new industry.
Dehydrated patients require a longer period.
Dehydrated potatoes give farmers a new source of revenue for otherwise unmarketable potatoes.
Dehydrated skin can grab onto the foundation and make it streak and set too quickly.
Dehydrated skin is lack of water.
Dehydrated skin is usually oily earlier on in life.
Dehydrated vegetables are fresh vegetables that have been cleaned, trimmed, and cut into pieces.
Dehydrated vegetables have a unique texture and flavor.
Dehydrated water is a hydrogen atom-and the most compressed form of water is steam.
Dehydrated water is here to stay for the long run.
Dehydrated water is the perfect addition to all high-fiber, protein, and carbohydrate diets.
Dehydration reaction involves bonds.
Most dehydration reaction involves bonds.
Dehydration synthesis plays an important role in the construction of organic polymers.
Some dehydration synthesis produces water.
Dehydration affects all fluid compartments.
Dehydration affects blood sugar levels.
Dehydration affects levels.
Dehydration affects performance.
Dehydration affects power, aerobic and anaerobic parameters, and cognitive functioning.
Dehydration alone can produce headache and nausea.
Dehydration also adds to the risks.
Dehydration also can be a complication.
Dehydration also causes fatigue.
Dehydration also causes the body temperature to rise.
Dehydration also depletes electrolyte levels, lean muscle tissue, and aerobic power.
Dehydration also increases muscle glycogen use, which leads to the onset of premature fatigue.
Dehydration also leads to many serious illnesses.
Dehydration also leads to muscle cramps.
Dehydration also occurs with aging.
Dehydration can actually have a palliative effect by decreasing anxiety and pain.
Dehydration can affect both sexes, all ages, but is most dangerous in newborns and infants.
Dehydration can also affect mental functioning and co-ordination.
Dehydration can also affect the body's ability to digest food and metabolize fat.
Dehydration can also cause fainting and dizziness.
Dehydration can also cause hypernatremia .
Dehydration can also make the circles more obvious.
Dehydration can also result from a bad sunburn.
Dehydration can be a big problem in the summer heat.
Dehydration can be a life threatening condition.
Dehydration can be a medical emergency.
Dehydration can be a problem in the heat.
Dehydration can be a problem with certain drugs and when nausea or diarrhea occurs.
Dehydration can be a problem, especially if the weather is hot.
Dehydration can be a real problem for any air traveler, and especially so for a pregnant woman.
Dehydration can be a serious problem during the warm weather.
Dehydration can be a serious problem for babies.
Dehydration can be a serious problem for children.
Dehydration can be a serious problem.
Dehydration can be another factor in injuries.
Dehydration can be as severe in winter as in summer.
Dehydration can be dangerous at any age but is particularly so in small children.
Dehydration can be dangerous.
Dehydration can be deadly.
Dehydration can be deceptive because it feels exactly like fatigue.
Dehydration can be devastating.
Dehydration can be extremely fatal, leading to severe dehydrating syndrome or even death.
Dehydration can be lead to fainting, low blood-pressure, and fatigue.
Dehydration can be life-threatening.
Dehydration can be rapid so fluid replacement is essential.
Dehydration can be serious and require intravenous fluid replacement.
Dehydration can be serious, especially for infants, children, and the elderly.
Dehydration can be serious, especially in remote areas of the outdoors.
Dehydration can be simply an annoyance when mild but can be deadly when extreme.
Dehydration can be the cause of bad health.
Dehydration can be the cause of many of our body s illnesses.
Dehydration can be very dangerous, especially for babies and toddlers.
Dehydration can be very serious.
Dehydration can become dire quickly, resulting in weakness, exhaustion and delirium.
Dehydration can become serious very quickly.
Dehydration can bring on headaches.
Dehydration can cause a host of ills like headaches, fatigue and constipation.
Dehydration can cause a worsening of symptoms and additional feelings of weakness and dizziness.
Dehydration can cause central nervous system damage.
Dehydration can cause cramps and other problems so keep that water bottle near and use it.
Dehydration can cause dementia like symptoms of confusion, etc.
Dehydration can cause disorientation, severe fatigue and even fainting.
Dehydration can cause dizziness and headaches.
Dehydration can cause fatigue, cramping, reduced performance and heat exhaustion.
Dehydration can cause fatigue, weakness, irritability and muscle cramps.
Dehydration can cause heart arrythmia, and that's what happened to Poppy in Florida last night.
Dehydration can cause heat exhaustion.
Dehydration can cause muscle aches and cramps, dry eyes and skin.
Dehydration can cause muscle cramping and fatigue.
Dehydration can cause muscle cramps.
Dehydration can cause serious health complications that require immediate medical attention.
Dehydration can cause serious health problems.
Dehydration can cause serious illness or death.
Dehydration can cause serious problems in older adults.
Dehydration can cause the body temperature to rise.
Dehydration can cause uncomfortable symptoms.
Dehydration can definitely trigger headaches.
Dehydration can develop gradually and is a serious problem.
Dehydration can develop in infants and small children within hours.
Dehydration can develop.
Dehydration can even lead to hospitalization.
Dehydration can exacerbate the situation.
Dehydration can gradually develop and is a serious problem.
Dehydration can hasten the development of cataracts.
Dehydration can have some serious cumulative effects over the long haul, including pulled muscles.
Dehydration can impair a person's coordination.
Dehydration can impair pulmonary defense mechanisms that normally clear infectious material.
Dehydration can increase the risk of developing altitude illness.
Dehydration can injure the baby.
Dehydration can kill refrigerated mealworms.
Dehydration can kill.
Dehydration can lead to crankiness and a whole host of other, more serious, conditions.
Dehydration can lead to damage to the central nervous system.
Dehydration can lead to early labor.
Dehydration can lead to electrolyte imbalance, which can cause muscle cramping.
Dehydration can lead to fatigue, headaches, and even muscle cramps.
Dehydration can lead to headaches, poor concentration, constipation, nausea and low energy.
Dehydration can lead to heatstroke in just a little time.
Dehydration can lead to kidney failure, dry hair and skin and hair loss.
Dehydration can lead to muscle cramps, heat stroke, premature fatigue or even muscle injury.
Dehydration can lead to muscle cramps, heat stroke, premature fatigue, or even muscle injury.
Dehydration can lead to tiredness and loss of strength.
Dehydration can limit strength, endurance, and aerobic capacity.
Dehydration can make food poisoning worse.
Dehydration can make jet lag worse.
Dehydration can make sickle cell disease worse by causing the red blood cells to sickle faster.
Dehydration can occur any time of the year.
Dehydration can occur even in cold weather.
Dehydration can occur in some cases of diarrhea.
Dehydration can occur quickly in heat or with diarrhea or vomiting.
Dehydration can occur quite quickly in children.
Dehydration can occur rapidly due to vomiting and diarrhea.
Dehydration can occur with little or no warning and can have serious effects on the body.
Dehydration can occur, as well as other medical complications.
Dehydration can quickly bring the human body to a grinding halt.
Dehydration can quickly result.
Dehydration can reduce the blood volume by reducing the water content of the blood.
Dehydration can result due to lack of water intake while exercising.
Dehydration can result in kidney failure, heart failure and death.
Dehydration can seriously impair the body's ability to produce heat.
Dehydration can set in and cause death in a matter of hours.
Dehydration can set in quickly in the desert.
Dehydration can show as a ruffled coat, hunched posture.
Dehydration can sometimes contribute to an attack of gout.
Dehydration can trigger a sickle cell crisis.
Dehydration can trigger contractions and early labor.
Dehydration can trigger the effects by making the blood thick and sticky.
Dehydration can turn summer fun into a trip to the hospital.
Dehydration can worsen nephrotoxicity.
Dehydration can, in turn, create a urinary tract infection which can lead to incontinence.
Dehydration caused by diarrhea is the most common complication.
Dehydration caused by diarrhea is the second leading cause of death in children.
Dehydration caused by excessive sweating can lead to heat exhaustion and heat stroke.
Dehydration causes a further loss of thirst and further vomiting.
Dehydration causes an imbalance in the liquids and dissolved solids in the urine.
Dehydration causes constipation.
Dehydration causes death.
Dehydration causes discomfort in the terminally ill.
Dehydration causes dizziness.
Dehydration causes energy generation in the brain to decrease.
Dehydration causes fatigue and low energy.
Dehydration causes further increases in pulse and body temperature.
Dehydration causes increased thirst and water consumption.
Dehydration causes issues.
Dehydration causes lethargy.
Dehydration causes mucus to become very thick, which is what leads to feelings of congestion.
Dehydration causes premature labor, especially in the third trimester.
Dehydration causes problems.
Dehydration causes the fluid volume of the body to decrease.
Dehydration causes the organs to work harder and the body can shut down quickly, resulting in death.
Dehydration causes vessels to constrict and blood to thicken.
Dehydration comes from improper irrigation i.e. forgetfulness.
Dehydration commonly develops in anesthetized animals.
Dehydration concentrates the body's electrolytes.
Dehydration contributes to cramps and injuries on many levels.
Dehydration deals with surface water loss.
Dehydration decreases the circulation to two very important organs, the liver and the kidney .
Dehydration develops quickly in children so offer frequent cool drinks when it is hot.
Dehydration happens within days.
Dehydration has a much greater negative affect on muscle cells than on fat cells.
Dehydration has a significant effect on the body's performance.
Dehydration has little effect on cerebral oedema.
Dehydration has many causes, such as previous medication, dry environment, or poor diet.
Dehydration has many forms.
Dehydration hurts performance by reducing endurance, and increases the risk of serious heat illness.
Dehydration impairs cognitive functions.
Dehydration impairs functions.
Dehydration impairs physical and mental performance.
Dehydration increases core temperature to dangerous levels and can precipitate premature labor.
Dehydration increases the fetal renal response to atrial natriuretic factor.
Dehydration increases the potential for hypothermia.
Dehydration increases the renal response to atrial natriuretic peptide in the fetal sheep.
Dehydration increases the risk of skin injury.
Dehydration inhibits the healing process.
Dehydration is a big part of hang-overs.
Dehydration is a big problem for animals living in air.
Dehydration is a big risk, as well as losing two of the body's minerals -sodium and potassium.
Dehydration is a by-product of oxygen deprivation at high altitudes.
Dehydration is a common cause of exhaustion, fatigue and headaches.
Dehydration is a common cause of headache at altitude.
Dehydration is a common feature even in normal horses that complete the ride.
Dehydration is a common problem from working in heat.
Dehydration is a condition caused by a lack of liquids in the body.
Dehydration is a condition in which the body or certain body tissues suffer from lack of water.
Dehydration is a condition in which the body suffers from a lack of water.
Dehydration is a condition in which water or fluid loss far exceeds fluid intake.
Dehydration is a constant threat to reptiles in captivity.
Dehydration is a danger during their long hours of physical exertion.
Dehydration is a frequent sign of illness in guinea pigs.
Dehydration is a function of time and pressure.
Dehydration is a good method for preservation of fruits and vegetables.
Dehydration is a hazard of acute diarrhea, and can lead to severe weakness and death.
Dehydration is a health threat in any warm climatelike summer.
Dehydration is a key risk factor for developing kidney stones.
Dehydration is a lack of fluid intake.
Dehydration is a leading cause of kidney stones . . .
Dehydration is a loss of body fluids, which are made up of water and salts.
Dehydration is a main threat from heat stress.
Dehydration is a major cause of confusion and other medical problems in older people.
Dehydration is a major cause of muscle spasms.
Dehydration is a major concern during hot trail work so please bring plenty of water.
Dehydration is a major contributing factor to heat related injuries.
Dehydration is a major health risk when exercising outdoors, and high altitudes only make it worse.
Dehydration is a major implication of diarrhea.
Dehydration is a major source of next-morning discomfort.
Dehydration is a major source of performance decrease while climbing.
Dehydration is a major threat in the cold, dry climate.
Dehydration is a major winter risk.
Dehydration is a nasty way to go.
Dehydration is a paramount factor.
Dehydration is a particularly onerous problem.
Dehydration is a potentially serious complication of stomach flu.
Dehydration is a precursor to hypothermia.
Dehydration is a predisposing condition for frostbite and hypothermia.
Dehydration is a problem because creatine pulls water into muscle cells.
Dehydration is a problem in hot weather.
Dehydration is a real concern in the harsh desert environment, and water is the only salvation.
Dehydration is a real danger for people who are ill or disabled, and it can easily be avoided.
Dehydration is a real health risk, but consumers can protect themselves by drinking plenty of water.
Dehydration is a real risk and can result in death or serious injury.
Dehydration is a risk factor for salivary gland disease.
Dehydration is a risk, so remember to drink plenty of fluids.
Dehydration is a serious condition in babies and young children.
Dehydration is a serious condition.
Dehydration is a serious hazard in desert regions.
Dehydration is a serious medical condition that often requires hospitalization.
Dehydration is a serious problem for anyone exerting effort.
Dehydration is a serious problem for infants and toddlers with decreased fluid intake.
Dehydration is a serious problem that can occur within a day or two if water is unavailable.
Dehydration is a serious, and life-threatening condition.
Dehydration is a significant risk during hibernation.
Dehydration is a silent problem that affects many lives.
Dehydration is a thirst
Dehydration is a very big problem here.
Dehydration is a very serious condition, especially in small children.
Dehydration is also a big killer of babies.
Dehydration is also an issue so bottles of water are essential.
Dehydration is also another frequent pitfall of air travel.
Dehydration is also hard on the kidneys.
Dehydration is also often a problem.
Dehydration is also possible so make sure to ingest fluids.
Dehydration is always a threat, even during the fall and winter.
Dehydration is always easier to prevent than it is to treat.
Dehydration is always present with decompression illness.
Dehydration is an important concern during the first three weeks of life.
Dehydration is an issue in cold winter months just as it is in the summer.
Dehydration is another concern for the football player.
Dehydration is another leading cause of hangovers.
Dehydration is another major concern when shipping.
Dehydration is another potential problem with excessive caffeine consumption.
Dehydration is another problem.
Dehydration is another risk of hot weather exercise.
Dehydration is associated with weariness, constipation and increased risk of kidney stones.
Dehydration is bad news.
Dehydration is by far the quickest and probably the most frequently used method of weight loss.
Dehydration is caused by an excessive loss of water and salts from the body.
Dehydration is caused by diarrhea.
Dehydration is caused by excessive loss of fluids from the body, and can be fatal.
Dehydration is caused by the very low temperatures in the lower stratosphere.
Dehydration is common due to the lower humidity levels in the plane.
Dehydration is common during prolonged endurance events in hot weather conditions.
Dehydration is common in patients with pancreatitis.
Dehydration is common in people with burns.
Dehydration is common in people with severe diarrhea.
Dehydration is common on presentation.
Dehydration is common since the diabetic usually has less natural lubrication than the nondiabetic.
Dehydration is common so bring ample amounts of water.
Dehydration is common.
Dehydration is dangerous for the mother and fetus.
Dehydration is dangerous.
Dehydration is difficult for diabetics.
Dehydration is discussed below.
Dehydration is diseases.
Dehydration is dryness.
Dehydration is evident in many cases.
Dehydration is extractions.
Dehydration is extremely serious, and requires immediate medical attention.
Dehydration is from buffer through ethanol series to n-butanol.
Dehydration is hard on the kidneys, and chronic dehydration can lead to kidney damage and failure.
Dehydration is illnesses.
Dehydration is just as big an issue in cold winter months as it is in the summer.
Dehydration is likely the single biggest reason puppies are vomiting.
Dehydration is more an art form than an exact science.
Dehydration is more serious for infants and children than for adults.
Dehydration is no fun on the road.
Dehydration is no fun.
Dehydration is no laughing matter, neither for athletes nor for fans sitting in spectator seats.
Dehydration is often a concern for breast-feeding women.
Dehydration is often a problem.
Dehydration is often moderate to severe.
Dehydration is often to blame for muscle cramps.
Dehydration is one common complaint.
Dehydration is one of the biggest causes of fatigue.
Dehydration is one of the biggest hazards to birds during their plane flight.
Dehydration is one of the great stresses on the prostate.
Dehydration is one of the leading causes of preterm labor.
Dehydration is one of the main reasons for fatigue.
Dehydration is one of the major causes of poor performance and injury.
Dehydration is one of the most common causes of impaction colic.
Dehydration is one reason for a mild fever.
Dehydration is only one health problem associated with water.
Dehydration is part of plastinations.
Dehydration is particularly dangerous for children, who can die from it within a matter of days.
Dehydration is particularly important in hot countries.
Dehydration is perhaps the most common reason for sluggish race times and discomfort on the run.
Dehydration is possible, but uncommon.
Dehydration is possible.
Dehydration is probably the biggest factor in decreased performance come game day.
Dehydration is probably the most senseless of injuries that can happen to a child.
Dehydration is quite dangerous.
Dehydration is rampant, particularly because of the recent diarrhea epidemic in Kosovo.
Dehydration is sometimes severe.
Dehydration is successful by drying slowly and consistently from the inside out.
Dehydration is surprisingly common, especially in summer.
Dehydration is the biggest cause of cannibalism in insects.
Dehydration is the biggest concern in most vomiting episodes.
Dehydration is the biggest problem.
Dehydration is the biggest threat from diarrheal diseases in children.
Dehydration is the biggest threat of diarrheal disease in children.
Dehydration is the catalyst that accelerates the aging process.
Dehydration is the common cause of a lot of headaches.
Dehydration is the condition that occurs from a loss in body water.
Dehydration is the enemy of any distance runner.
Dehydration is the first and most simple step in the downward spiral.
Dehydration is the first problem.
Dehydration is the leading cause of kidney stones.
Dehydration is the loss of body water in excess of intake.
Dehydration is the loss of total body water.
Dehydration is the loss of water and salts from the body.
Dehydration is the main complication.
Dehydration is the main concern when traveler's diarrhea climbs on board, but it can be prevented.
Dehydration is the main danger with any diarrhea.
Dehydration is the main side effect.
Dehydration is the major cause of problems large and small on backpacking trips.
Dehydration is the most acute and the most dangerous. .
Dehydration is the most common complication.
Dehydration is the most common death of chameleons in captivity.
Dehydration is the most dangerous thing that can happen with burn victims.
Dehydration is the most likely adverse effect.
Dehydration is the most noticeable consequence.
Dehydration is the most primary problem of a visuchika patient.
Dehydration is the most serious complication right after hatching.
Dehydration is the most serious consequence to avoid.
Dehydration is the number one cause of muscle tears and strains.
Dehydration is the number one reason for salt cravings.
Dehydration is the primary cause of morbidity and mortality from diarrhea disease.
Dehydration is the primary cause of morbidity and mortality from the diarrheal disease.
Dehydration is the primary danger with diarrhea.
Dehydration is the principal cause of fatalities in Death Valley.
Dehydration is the process of restoring liquid to dried food.
Dehydration is the removal of a water molecule, which is aided by a dehydratase.
Dehydration is the removal of the water.
Dehydration is the removal of water.
Dehydration is the reverse of the hydration reaction of alkenes.
Dehydration is their biggest enemy.
Dehydration is thought to be one of the triggers of premature labor.
Dehydration is treated by replacing electrolytes and fluids and controlling vomiting and diarrhea.
Dehydration is treated with fluids given intravenously.
Dehydration is treated with oral or intravenous fluids.
Dehydration is treated with salt and fluids.
Dehydration is uncommon after toddler years.
Dehydration is uncommon.
Dehydration is usually a major factor in their depleted condition.
Dehydration is very frequent.
Dehydration is very serious for a rat.
Dehydration is very serious in hamsters because they are so tiny.
Dehydration is what to watch out for.
Dehydration isa dryness.
Dehydration kills pups in a hurry.
Dehydration kills three million children every year.
Dehydration knows no season and can be a risk in hot or cool weather.
Dehydration leads patients to lapse into comas and die peacefully.
Dehydration leads to asthma attack.
Dehydration leads to constipation.
Dehydration leads to cramps, muscle strains and spasms.
Dehydration leads to irreversible kidney damage.
Dehydration leads to lethargy and headaches.
Dehydration leads to pulled muscles, cramps, very slow recovery times, and lactic acid buildup.
Dehydration leaves teeth and bone fragments, which are pulverized to the consistency of coarse sand.
Dehydration lowers the brain electrolyte level which can cause short-term memory loss.
Dehydration makes all of the symptoms of jet lag worse.
Dehydration makes allergy symptoms even worse.
Dehydration makes urine more concentrated and therefore more likely to produce stones.
Dehydration means more painful contractions and slower labor.
Dehydration occasionally occurs in children.
Dehydration occurs by various means.
Dehydration occurs easily, especially in children with diarrhoea.
Dehydration occurs long before the swimmer actually feels thirsty.
Dehydration occurs more readily because older people frequently have less of a sense of thirst.
Dehydration occurs more readily.
Dehydration occurs much quicker than starvation.
Dehydration occurs naturally in warm climates, and in cold climates, it is called freeze drying.
Dehydration occurs over a few days, leading to muscle breakdown and multiple organ failure.
Dehydration occurs very easily during the winter, especially under plastic.
Dehydration occurs when a kitten either has insufficient fluid intake or excessive fluid loss.
Dehydration occurs when children lose more fluid than they take in.
Dehydration occurs when the body loses more fluid than it is able to take in.
Dehydration occurs when the body loses more fluids than it takes in.
Dehydration occurs when the body loses water more quickly than it is replaced.
Dehydration occurs when the body's fluid stores drop too low.
Dehydration occurs when the patient loses more liquid than they can take in.
Dehydration occurs when too much fluid is lost from the body.
Dehydration places the patient at risk for impaired skin integrity.
Dehydration plays a major role in bringing on migraines.
Dehydration presents the most critical problem.
Dehydration prevents cactus cells from bursting when they freeze.
Dehydration produces sensation.
Dehydration produces symptoms and can be expressed as a fraction of total body water deficit.
Dehydration profoundly reduces thermoregulatory and physical capacity.
Dehydration promotes jet lag.
Dehydration quickly becomes apparent.
Dehydration quickly causes loss of attentiveness and mental energy.
Dehydration really hurts.
Dehydration reduces kidney function and can lead to uric acid build-up.
Dehydration reduces skin blood flow.
Dehydration reduces the ability to sustain exercise for longer than a minute or two.
Dehydration removes all the moisture.
Dehydration requires attention.
Dehydration requires immediate fluid replacement by mouth or intravenously.
Dehydration requires medical attention.
Dehydration requires the presence of an acid and the application of heat.
Dehydration resulting from a fever causes the cells to sickle even more.
Dehydration results from excessive water loss.
Dehydration results from inadequate replacement of lost body fluids.
Dehydration results in damage.
Dehydration results in kidney damage.
Dehydration selectively increases dopamine synthesis in tuberohypophyseal dopaminergic neurons.
Dehydration sets in, and shock and even death can occur.
Dehydration severely limits athletic performance.
Dehydration slows the digestive process.
Dehydration stresses the gland.
Dehydration tends to increase postoperative pain and also increases the chance of bleeding.
Dehydration threatens life.
Dehydration translates into a lowered blood volume or less warm blood circulating.
Dehydration triggers responses.
Dehydration update A little knowledge is a dangerous thing, to fracture a phrase.
Dehydration weakens the flow of lymph in the system and makes the body less resistant to infection.
Dehydration often causes bad breath, especially first thing in the morning.
Dehydration often spells death for a hamster.
Dehydration sometimes leads to death.
More Dehydration is quite a simple problem to prevent.
Most dehydration affects blood sugar levels.
Most dehydration affects performance.
Most dehydration causes issues.
Most dehydration causes problems.
Most dehydration is caused by diarrhea.
Most dehydration leads to constipation.
Most dehydration produces sensation.
Most dehydration requires attention.
Most dehydration requires medical attention.
Most dehydration threatens life.
Some dehydration causes death.
Some dehydration causes reductions.
Some dehydration increases blood pressure.
Some dehydration increases pressure.
Some dehydration is caused by warmth.
Some dehydration leads to death.
Some dehydration leads to diseases.
Some dehydration leads to renal diseases.
Some dehydration reduces ability.
A deicer is a heater
Deicers melt down through the ice or snow to the hard surface, then spread out underneath.
Deicers work best when used in combination with scraping and shoveling.
Most deicers dry to a white powdery residue.
Some deicers corrode metal, causing damage to cars and aluminum siding.
Deictic center is the notion describing the encoded point of view of the speaker.
Deified angels inhabit heavens two to six.
Deinonychus isa theropod.
Deinonychuses have (part) brains.
Deinonychuses have (part) breasts.
Deinonychuses have (part) cell membranes.
Deinonychuses have (part) cells.
Deinonychuses have (part) chest cavities.
Deinonychuses have (part) chests.
Deinonychuses have (part) corpi.
Deinonychuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Deinonychuses have (part) ears.
Deinonychuses have (part) faces.
Deinonychuses have (part) heads.
Deinonychuses have (part) nuclei.
Deinonychuses have (part) pedal extremities.
Deinonychuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Deinonychuses have (part) rib cages.
Deinonychuses have (part) sections.
Deinonychuses have (part) skulls.
Deinonychuses have (part) sterna.
Deinonychuses have (part) vacuoles.
Deinonychuses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Deinonychuses have brains.
Deinonychuses have feet.
Deinonychuses have tails.
Deinonychuses include dinosaurs.
Deinonychuses live during cretaceous periods.
Deinonychuses live during periods.
Deinonychuses retain wings.
Deinonychuses use claws.
Most deinonychuses have brains.
Most deinonychuses have feet.
Most deinonychuses have tails.
Most deinonychuses retain wings.
Most deinonychuses use claws.
Some deinonychuses feed on animals.
Deionized water becomes more aggressive when it is heated, providing better rinsing.
Deionized water is a kind of water from which all minerals and foreign elements have been removed.
Deionized water is checked for nitrites and nitrates.
Deionized water is preferred for preparing working solutions.
Deionized water is recommended.
Deionized water is used in the batch cleaning process to avoid contamination.
Deionized water Purified water to control viscosity.
Deism can indeed help people.
Deism denies revelation, in favor of natural law and scientific discovery.
Deism emphasizes, as civil religion does, order and law more than salvation and love.
Deism has neither.
Deism is confined to the elite.
Deism is rationalism
Deism is rationalism.
Deism still exists.
A deist is a nonreligious person
Deists believe that a higher power created the world.
Deistic evolution has little difficulty with the scientific data.
Deitic expressions are in boldface.
Deities also play a large portion in a character's future in Horizons.
Deities are just different names and forms, or symbolic representa tions, of the energies of nature.
Deities are supposedly the souls of people who lived especially virtuous lives.
Deities can be in peaceful or wrathful aspects.
Deities change things around all the time.
Deities spawn incarnations.
Deity indeed transcends affirmation, but it equally transcends negation.
Deity is a free RPG game with a difference.
Deity is a spiritual being
Deity is averse to chaos and disorder, as is shown in creation.
Deity is in man.
Deity is neither the ground nor the cause of the universe.
Deity is neither the ground nor the cause of universe.
Deity is omniscient and almighty.
Deity is seen as immanent rather than transcendent.
Deity is synonymous with bodhicitta.
Deity is the life-force that brings forth and inhabits all things and all persons.
Deity is truly phenominal looking.
Deity is within every atom.
All deities have the power to foretell the future.
All deities reside in the human breast.
All deity is jealous and fond of causing trouble.
Some deities are ancestors and others are the spirits of famous people.
Dejection is a deadly disease which can harm the body acutely or on a chronic basis.
Dejection is a depression
Dekapen soils are in a cool marine climate with cold, wet winters and cool, dry summers.
Dekeled edges are also available at no extra charge.
Delaminated glass is far more expensive to repair than reinforcing the existing glass.
A delavirdine is an antiviral drug
Delavirdine also increases levels of other protease inhibitors, especially indinavir and nelfinavir.
Delavirdine can interact with other drugs.
Delavirdine increases indinavir concentrations.
Delavirdine increases saquinavir levels.
Delavirdine is an antiviral medication.
Delavirdine is broken down by the liver and can interact with other drugs that also use the liver.
Delavirdine makes the liver work slower.
Delavirdines are drugs.
Delaware corporations can pay dividends from profits as well as from surplus.
Some delaware corporations have offices.
Some delaware corporations have principal offices.
Delaware faculty get present from administrators .
Delaware legislation grants flexibility regarding investment managers.
Delaware legislation requires the assessment of shift differential payments.
Delaware parents can now save for college on a tax-deferred basis.
Delaware students perform at or below the national average on comparative math exams.
Delaware students take soil samples from the ground around the seaside alders in their area.
Delaware vacation deals.
Delaware women like to joke too, and they come up with some quick and witty responses.
Delaware is part of America.
Delaware isa thing.
Delay distortion is most interesting, especially in fiber optics.
Some delay units allow high frequencies to be rolled off on repeats.
A delay is inactivity
Delay works in favor of insurance companies.
Delays accumulate over the course of the day.
Delays add to the cost.
Delays adversely affect both injured employee and employer.
Delays adversely affect costs.
Delays affect the customer's mobility.
Delays also drive up the costs to the community.
Delays also exist in contacting the agency serving the order and obtaining the copy of the order.
Delays are a part of life.
Delays are almost inevitable.
Delays are also counter to the interests of the governments.
Delays are always possible.
Delays are always present.
Delays are as serious for airlines as for the passengers they serve.
Delays are both militarily and monetarily costly.
Delays are common on charter flights.
Delays are common, and repeated rehearsing of particular spots are frequent.
Delays are common, and there are no guarantees that each submitted request can be filled.
Delays are common.
Delays are costly for businesses and inconvenient for everyone.
Delays are costly.
Delays are dangerous.
Delays are Dangerous.
Delays are deadly.
Delays are due apparently because of late claim filings.
Delays are due to a host of factors.
Delays are excellent.
Delays are for referrals to specialists or appointments for diagnostic tests.
Delays are frequent for the ferry.
Delays are generally part of security force operations or economy of force roles.
Delays are generally rare unless the vehicle treads snap.
Delays are here to stay.
Delays are inactivity.
Delays are inevitable during a breaking-in period.
Delays are inevitable.
Delays are inexcusable.
Delays are inherent in a process of careful consideration.
Delays are kind of easy to make.
Delays are lengthy.
Delays are likely due to speed restrictions along the route.
Delays are likely.
Delays are mainly the result of Russia's financial woes.
Delays are minimal and usually depends on the type of assets involved in the trust.
Delays are moments for fun.
Delays are most common with very new or very old equipment.
Delays are often unavoidable, which include the link to Skopje, on one day, off another day.
Delays are on the way.
Delays are once again on the rise at O Hare.
Delays are part of the process.
Delays are particularly appropriate for drum grooves because they themselves can generate rhythm.
Delays are pauses.
Delays are possible throughout the day.
Delays are possible, particularly during peak hours.
Delays are possible.
Delays are shorter in our solar system.
Delays are significant.
Delays are sometimes considerable.
Delays are sometimes unavoidable.
Delays are the norm, and studies can take years to begin.
Delays are to blame, so what's new.
Delays are too costly and can be avoided.
Delays are tools to perfect our faith.
Delays are typically a few hundred milliseconds.
Delays are uncommon, but can be caused by high network traffic or a busy mail server.
Delays are very demoralizing to staff and advisors alike.
Delays are very long.
Delays are very useful for filling out an instrument's sound.
Delays become successively longer upon each logon attempt using an invalid password.
Delays breed dangers.
Delays buy time to find a smart solution.
Delays can add to frustration and undermine the credibility of the instructor.
Delays can add to grief.
Delays can also give citizen groups a chance to mobilize additional support.
Delays can and do occur in international adoption.
Delays can be costly.
Delays can be frustrating, as well as costly.
Delays can be long particularly in rush-hours and at weekends.
Delays can be long, sometimes up to a whole day, and in some cases, a couple of days.
Delays can cost lives.
Delays can cost the opposition considerable sums of money and can result in victory.
Delays can happen for many reasons.
Delays can happen to anyone.
Delays can have considerable tax consequences.
Delays can increase fatigue and cause legs to stiffen, making it more difficult to resume the march.
Delays can indicate insufficient capacity.
Delays can lead to angry passengers.
Delays can lead to the further deterioration of a situation, and can cost lives.
Delays can mean that the appeal is denied.
Delays can occur anywhere along the route, mainly because of Internet traffic.
Delays can occur at locks due to congestion.
Delays can occur due to an incorrect mailing address or customs delays in the destination country.
Delays can occur due to the process used to create the print journal.
Delays can occur during periods of high trade volume or heavy Internet traffic.
Delays can occur for a variety of reasons.
Delays can occur in returning library items during peak periods.
Delays can occur in the event of internet related slowdowns.
Delays can occur in transportation of slides also.
Delays can occur where detailed consultations have to take place or amendments are agreed.
Delays can occur.
Delays can only hurt the peace process.
Delays can pile up if one member is holding up the team.
Delays can quickly spread through the project, disrupting the work of all partners.
Delays can result in increased expenses and a changing requirements list.
Delays can result in increases in cost, workload, and pressure from funding agencies.
Delays can result in lost opportunities, increased risks, and asymmetry of information.
Delays can result in reduced refunds.
Delays can spell disaster, requiring actions that are far more costly than prevention.
Delays can still occur within remote buildings.
Delays can stymie business plans.
Delays caused by a shortage of proper equipment or lack of resources impede their ability to do so.
Delays caused by the capriciousness of Argentina's customs agents makes shipping perishables risky.
Delays caused by weather, sickness or systems that are down are a reality in technology projects.
Delays come from all sorts of things.
Delays complicate the issue and make it unmanageable.
Delays concerning mail and shipments are probable.
Delays continue in the payment of wages and pensions.
Delays cost here.
Delays cost lives.
Delays cost money.
Delays cost people and business time and money.
Delays create more anxiety and frustration.
Delays create unfairness and increase costs at all stages.
Delays crop up.
Delays destroy the possibility.
Delays do happen.
Delays do occur and sometimes they are substantial.
Delays do occur as well as orders going missing in transit.
Delays do occur on account of the changeable Himalayan weather.
Delays do occur on rare occasions.
Delays erode people's confidence in the peace process.
Delays favor the incumbent.
Delays get worse when many posts nationwide are made and better when fewer posts nationwide occur.
Delays getting to and from work - expect it, prepare for it.
Delays grow are operational tempo increases.
Delays have dangerous ends.
Delays here are frequent and unavoidable.
Delays hit email privacy law.
Delays inconvenience the judge, the attorney's, the parties, witnesses and other jurors.
Delays increase costs and risks.
Delays indicate worker idle time.
Delays just cause discontent and uncertainty to eat away at the organization.
Delays lead to needing more money later on.
Delays make fresh products vulnerable but are less of a problem for grains.
Delays mar any system s transparency and undermine rule of law objectives.
Delays mean extra charges.
Delays mean missed opportunities and bad decisions.
Delays mean missed opportunities bad decisions, or even tax penalties.
Delays mean money, and so builders often cave in, even when they are right.
Delays mean small repairs become costly problems.
Delays occur at times.
Delays occur during times of publication and heavy volume of submissions.
Delays occur frequently in dynamic systems.
Delays occur if an earlier patient was late, or if an urgent patient had to be seen.
Delays occur when there is a question about who is at fault for the accident.
Delays occur, but they can be explained.
Delays onset of torque converter shudder.
Delays put women's lives at risk.
Delays reduce the chances of recovery.
Delays require that intermediate values be held for later use.
Delays resulting from careless applications can make things more complicated and expensive.
Delays return of menses, helping to protect mother against anemia by conserving iron.
Delays seem to be due to the unusual nature of the light.
Delays slowly decrease, both lower and higher percentile below the long term average.
Delays slowly increase, both lower and higher percentile above the long term average.
Delays stem from uncertainties with regard to the extent and nature of contamination.
Delays stretch into years and cause problems with health care, school records, and so forth.
Delays ultimately raise the price of commodities which use the waterways.
Delays often result from dealing with new people unfamiliar with the program.
Delays sometimes affect important works.
Delays sometimes occur due to inclement weather, equipment repairs and holidays.
Delays sometimes take place in the legal process.
All delays are dangerous in war.
All delays are integers.
Any delays usually occur at the country of destination.
Any delay can put the cardholder at risk.
Any delay can result in the carrier refusing to honor the claim.
Any delay can result in wasted effort in research.
Any delay can ruin the entire project for the whole class or the group.
Any delay closes the window of opportunity.
Any delay costs Turkey alot.
Any delay diminishes the likelihood of success.
Any delay greatly diminishes the chance for a successful spawn.
Any delay increases the chance of someone relying on an incorrect schedule.
Any delay increases the mental effort in keeping the interest alive.
Any delay increases the risk of serious disability or death.
Any delay is expensive.
Any delay is insignificant.
Any delay is notified.
Any delay is potentially fatal.
Any delay is risky.
Any delay merely gives the enemy time to reinforce or escape.
Any delay reduces the bird's chance for recovery.
Any delay reduces the bird's chance of survival and eventual release.
Any delay reduces the bird's chances for survival and eventual release.
Any delay risks the rapid onset of systemic symptoms.
Any delay sentences more children to a life of constant struggle with a hidden disability.
Any delays can result in death.
Any delays influence the entire school.
Any delays snowball through the system, affecting everyone.
Every delay can cost lives, in addition to significant other social costs.
Every delay costs money.
Every delay going forward spells disaster.
Every delay increases the risks of political instability.
Every delay is a few days longer for the trees and land to survive.
Every delay opens possibilities of further setbacks .
Many delays occur when road conditions restrict normal service.
More delay can only fuel despair and political chaos.
More delay makes the echo more noticeable.
More delay means more time of waiting at registration.
Most delays are due to the sponsor being unprepared or unavailable for the requisite interview.
Most delays are the result of the treatment provided at the local post office.
Most delays happen because authors don t deliver to publishers on schedule.
Most delays relate to the implementation of recent Directives.
Some delay is encountered when students forget their cards.
Some delay is tolerable to support better packing of updates.
Some delay is, however, anticipated due to changes in the institutional framework of the project.
Some delays are for obvious reasons while others are for a more complicated reason.
Some delays are inevitable to flights.
Some delays are unavoidable and beyond the contractor's control.
Some delays involve red tape.
Delayed administration increases the risk of late effects such as myocarditis and neuritis.
Delayed echolalia refers to utterances repeated at a significantly later time.
Delayed implantation is most extreme in the pinnipeds and bears but is absent from canines.
Delayed implantation occurs in several other members of the mustelid family as well.
Delayed ionization is a known phenomenon exhibitied by fullerenes and metal clusters.
Delayed parenthood can be the best thing for both the parent and the child.
Most delayed passengers are jammed into a departure area, sometimes without enough seats.
Delayed quotes are available on our site and through many links.
Delayed quotes are free to all accounts.
Delayed start is for scanning only and is in minutes.
Delectable cuisine is prepared by our award-winning chefs and served in a variety of settings.
Every delectable selection comes with a friendly smile.
Delectable Tidbits Enjoy a delicious steak, cut to specification - charbroiled over an open grill.
A delegate is a representative
Delegate work effectively.
Delegate work in a way that draws on each group's strengths.
Delegate work on the transaction to the board's financial subcommittee to render a report.
Delegates actually have little power.
Delegates adopt program, elect officers, adopt the budget and act on by-law changes.
Delegates adopt the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Women.
Delegates again turn down women's membership.
Delegates agree on a draft Constitution.
Delegates agree to revise and amend the draft constitution.
Delegates also adopt major policies for the coming year.
Delegates also bring important issues back to the campus for discussion by the local staff assembly.
Delegates also have access to laser printers and a flatbed scanner.
Delegates also influence and assist registered voters to vote for our candidates on election day.
Delegates also visit historic sites and participate in local festivals.
Delegates also vote on and report the five top services.
Delegates also vote to take positions on county wide issues.
Delegates appropriate tasks to departments.
Delegates appropriate tasks to faculty.
Delegates are also our most effective recruiters.
Delegates are also welcome to move from one meeting to another.
Delegates are basically type-safe, secure function pointers.
Delegates are encour- aged to participate.
Delegates are everyday citizens associated with political parties.
Delegates are free to book rooms in alternate hotels directly.
Delegates are free to discuss working papers and garner the necessary support.
Delegates are in the perfect position to assist workers to get organised.
Delegates are likely to adopt a draft decision on the paper.
Delegates are located in conferences.
Delegates are object-oriented.
Delegates are one step removed from the electoral process.
Delegates are personally responsible for returning keys.
Delegates are representatives.
Delegates are responsible for arranging their own accommodation, including hotel reservations.
Delegates are responsible for arranging their own transportation.
Delegates are responsible for booking their own accommodation.
Delegates are responsible for booking their own hotel accommodation.
Delegates are responsible for finalising and paying their hotel accounts before departing hotels.
Delegates are responsible for making their own accommodation arrangements.
Delegates are responsible for making their own hotel reservations .
Delegates are responsible for making their own hotel reservations.
Delegates are responsible for making their own housing arrangements.
Delegates are responsible for making their own reservation and settling the bill on departure.
Delegates are responsible for making their own reservations directly with the hotel.
Delegates are responsible for obtaining their own visas.
Delegates are responsible for paying the balance of their account on departure from the hotel.
Delegates are responsible for paying their own conference fees.
Delegates are responsible for researching and representing their nation's policy at the conference.
Delegates are responsible for the arrangement and payment of their own travel and accommodation.
Delegates are responsible for their own accommodation arrangements.
Delegates are responsible for their own accommodation bookings, payment etc.
Delegates are responsible for their own airfare, accommodations, meals, and other associated costs.
Delegates are responsible for their own booking arrangements.
Delegates are responsible for their own insurance.
Delegates are responsible for their own lunches.
Delegates are responsible for their own travel arrangements to Central America.
Delegates are responsible to carry all items around throughout the conference.
Delegates are secure .
Delegates are so grateful they are willing to give the nominee a pass on pivotal issues.
Delegates are still welcome to join.
Delegates are subject to passport and visa requirements.
Delegates are the big names on the ballot.
Delegates are the vital link between members in the workplace and the rest of the union.
Delegates are to be reimbursed for travel costs at twenty-five cents per km.
Delegates are to respond by raising their placards and stating 'present and voting'.
Delegates are union leaders at the workplace.
Delegates are usually available to be consulted with informally.
Delegates are welcome to bring supplies and donations to the home.
Delegates are welcome to explore the farm and walk in the surrounding hills .
Delegates are welcome to organise business meetings in reception rooms.
Delegates are welcome to organise their own accommodation other than the hotels listed below.
Delegates are welcome to provide comments on the scope of the project.
Delegates are welcome to submit abstracts presenting their research.
Delegates are welcome to work with their own data.
Delegates arrive in Beijing.
Delegates arrive in Kansas City for the Democratic convention.
Delegates attend for free.
Delegates attend from around the world.
Delegates attending an event do so at their own risk.
Delegates attending the conference do so at their own risk.
Delegates attending the New York meetings are available for interview.
Delegates bringing partners can arrange for special meal tickets.
Delegates build a valuable network of support for their work during the year.
Delegates burst into applause when the vote tally was announced.
Delegates Call .
Delegates can also attend the symposium for one or two days, rather than three.
Delegates can also make their own buttons.
Delegates can also make use of our academic enquiry service.
Delegates can also send and receive standard Internet email messages on the device.
Delegates can also take a taxi to any of the three hotels.
Delegates can also take away their completed websites on a floppy disk.
Delegates can arrange to be met by a taxi at the aiport.
Delegates can ask for a single room.
Delegates can choose to attend sessions in any of the three conference streams.
Delegates can choose two of the three topics.
Delegates can enrol on the programme immediately.
Delegates can get a certificate for their participation in the training course.
Delegates can listen to a range of analysts as they make their predictions for the future.
Delegates can look forward to an intellectual and spiritual experience.
Delegates can network over a few drinks in an atmosphere of fun.
Delegates can register.
Delegates can rent a car at the airport or at any of the downtown rental company offices.
Delegates can represents their country alone or in pairs in most committees.
Delegates can start the programme at any time and study at their own pace .
Delegates can stay in the comfort of the hotel the entire weekend and miss very little.
Delegates can study for an award or attend individual modules as short courses.
Delegates can then meet and question the speaker in the conference's viewpoint tower.
Delegates can then meet and question the speakers in the conference's viewpoint tower.
Delegates can view all posted courses, and once registered can book places online.
Delegates can visit a conference Web site and then click on a link to make housing reservations.
Delegates can visit industry suppliers from around the world in one convenient location.
Delegates care in a safe, efficient, and cost effective manner.
Delegates chart the course for statewide union.
Delegates come either as voting delegates or observers.
Delegates come from biotechnology and medical-related high technology industries.
Delegates compare the best and latest products and resources.
Delegates conclude business agenda.
Delegates condemn butchery in Kosovo.
Delegates consider documents in the hallway outside the plenary auditorium.
Delegates consider several business items and reports.
Delegates convene on the evening of day one.
Delegates debate and set UE policy, engage in workshops and elect the union's top officers.
Delegates decide to call a Constitutional Convention.
Delegates demonstrate the technology they use.
Delegates depart after lunch.
Delegates depart for Beijing.
Delegates discuss divorce, property control, and voting.
Delegates discuss future of globalisation .
Delegates discuss their local and regional developments and thoughts about local publishing .
Delegates elect executive officers of the denomination and vote on policy matters.
Delegates endorse new initiative.
Delegates enjoy a productive business environment and a superb vacation opportunity.
Delegates enjoy visiting new venues.
Delegates exercise restraint of private discussions during meeting.
Delegates express divergent views on the issue, questioning who pays and who plays.
Delegates express hostility toward the family.
Delegates file out of the building and fill their pockets with moon rocks.
Delegates get down to work and begin negotiations.
Delegates go in order of where their country name falls in the alphabet.
Delegates greet each other with warm hugs and kisses, recalling when they had last met.
Delegates have a choice of reservation procedures.
Delegates have a high status and handle workplace negotiations and recruitment.
Delegates have a wide variety of skills.
Delegates have an opportunity to ask questions and suggest possible revisions.
Delegates have exclusive use of a PC and are provided with detailed course notes.
Delegates have many roles, one is to be an information gatherer.
Delegates have that credential of course.
Delegates have the opportunity to meet people and make many new friends.
Delegates have the power to amend any provision of the constitution.
Delegates have the right to take the floor.
Delegates have their choice of dozens of sessions and plenaries.
Delegates have two ways to modify a resolution.
Delegates hope to clarify, among other issues, standards and protocols for grid projects.
Delegates intend to fund the convention through fundraisers, donations, and grants.
Delegates lead to better platforms.
Delegates lead workshops and participate in conferences just to name a few things.
Delegates leave Newfoundland for Canada.
Delegates leave the conference with new ideas or innovative ways to handle old problems.
Delegates listen during the opening plenary session.
Delegates lounge and message center.
Delegates Make a delegate to a method on a serviced component.
Delegates make event wiring easy.
Delegates make multicast support a breeze.
Delegates masturbate chic drab.
Delegates nominate candidates for International office, who are then elected by the members.
Delegates normally serve a two-year staggered term.
Delegates overflow work.
Delegates participate from all over the U.S. and Canada.
Delegates participate in workshops and lectures involving nationally known speakers.
Delegates pass deficit budget.
Delegates pay no city, state or federal tax on crack purchases.
Delegates pay the full cost of their trip to the convention.
Delegates pile their plates high with oil-drenched food, in anticipation of an impending famine.
Delegates play an important communications and support role within their region.
Delegates preregister for the sessions they wish to attend.
Delegates promote new acts and DJs, sign new artists, and sell albums and tracks.
Delegates provide their own transportation.
Delegates quote it back to themselves, just to recall how much they hated every word.
Delegates read the following statement and answered questions from the media.
Delegates receive a comprehensive workbook and aide memoire.
Delegates receive no compensation.
Delegates recommend steps to ease patients' burden of high prescription costs.
Delegates report A written report was included in the board packets.
Delegates report being more pleased with progress in some working groups than others.
Delegates represent the seven member countries, Djibouti, Eritrea.
Delegates revise and amend the draft constitution.
Delegates rush to reach accord at climate talks.
Delegates say pursing a partnership with Canada as smart business.
Delegates say they hope to gain something new from the trip.
Delegates seem to have all enjoyed their annual get-together very moch.
Delegates seem to have received the message.
Delegates send in advance a sample of their work.
Delegates serve all year to make policy decisions.
Delegates serve for up to four years and can be re-elected after three years have lapsed.
Delegates serve four-year terms and are selected by their respective societies.
Delegates serve four-year terms.
Delegates serve three-year terms.
Delegates serve two-year terms.
Delegates serve without compensation or reimbursement of expenses.
Delegates set a steady course for the future, and the future is now.
Delegates set policy when they vote on resolutions and on recommendations contained in reports.
Delegates simply press a button and sit back and talk.
Delegates sleep in bunkhouse- style cabins with separate bath houses.
Delegates spend the majority of time contributing to stimulating, task-oriented groups.
Delegates start straggling in.
Delegates stay with host families during their visit to Virginia.
Delegates support customizable runtime resource management, as described above.
Delegates swap ideas on good practice, learn new skills and generally support each other.
Delegates take part in a mix of sport, educational and cultural activities.
Delegates talk informally in the main meeting hall.
Delegates then draft, debate and vote on the resolutions in line with their country's position.
Delegates then make a report at the plenary session to share what they found.
Delegates then proceed to complete hands-on exercises using the software.
Delegates travel to Japan to live with a Japanese family for one month.
Delegates truly gets out of a conference what they put in.
Delegates use the basic laws and procedures of the State of Virginia as a guide for their week.
Delegates vote by secret ballot on proposed amendments to the Constitution and bylaws.
Delegates vote for officers and approve legislative resolutions and platform positions.
Delegates work all day and produce a resolution expressing their beliefs.
Delegates work and provides training to administrative student assistants and temporary staff.
Delegates work to provide development opportunities.
Delegates work to staff according to their level of skill and experience.
Delegates work to subordinates.
Delegates work within each stage of the model using techniques that require no previous knowledge.
All delegates always pledge to improve.
All delegates are in the same hotel or convention center when the meeting takes place.
All delegates are present.
All delegates are responsible for booking their own accommodation.
All delegates are responsible for paying the balance of their account when checking out.
All delegates are responsible for their own transportation, meals, and hotel costs.
All delegates are responsible for their own travel and accommodation expenses.
All delegates are responsible separately to their own societies, in their state.
All delegates are very welcome to join in.
All delegates are welcome and there is no additional registration fee.
All delegates are welcome to attend sessions and visit exhibits at both hotels.
All delegates are welcome to attend.
All delegates are welcome to join an informal group for dinner, on a self-pay basis.
All delegates automatically receive notes from events that they attend.
All delegates can take part in the study tour.
All delegates have full and equal rights of participation.
All delegates have single occupancy cabins with private facilities.
All delegates receive a comprehensive workbook and materials.
All delegates require their tour ticket in order to provide proof of registration.
All delegates rise.
Every delegate develops an action plan for when they return home.
Every delegate has a right to vote.
Every delegate has the same rights.
Every delegate is already an ardent missionary believer.
Every delegate receives a big notebook filled with reports and proposals.
Many delegates return home determined to create similar opportunities there.
Most delegates are dedicated trade unionists and have the members interests at heart.
Some delegates anticipate opportunities in the coming weeks to forge a stronger document.
Some delegates are highly optimistic an agreement can be reached.
Some delegates believe that a yield to another is a sign of weakness.
Some delegates believe the bill runs counter to the war on drugs.
Some delegates come to political conventions for the parties.
Some delegates have multiple, diverse interests and others have a very specific single interest.
Some delegates think too much is being given up or ignored to get a bill passed.
Delegated administration prevents IT bottlenecks.
Delegated authorities can still issue permits without first obtaining concurrence from headquarters.
All delegated authority is subject to revocation by the purchasing department for over-use or abuse.
Delegated examiners conduct the exam when the course is complete.
Delegated functions come second in the resolution of overridden methods.
Delegated jurisdiction is that which is granted to persons rather than attached to offices.
Delegates authority commensurate with responsibility effectively.
Delegating are authorization.
Delegation of authority is crucial.
Delegation of authority is one of a leader's most precious rights.
Delegation of authority is used to the benefit of staff and administration.
Delegation of authority means that everybody reports directly to the chief.
A delegation is an organization
Delegation also helps create the image of a successful practice.
Delegation assigns part of a manager's work and power to a subordinate.
Delegation can be a great way to procrastinate less.
Delegation can be a powerful motivator.
Delegation can be a powerful tool for improving a job.
Delegation can be either explicit or implicit.
Delegation can help ease some of the pressures and build stronger committees.
Delegation can make running a family smoother and more enjoyable.
Delegation can make system functioning more efficient and effective.
Delegation can provide the freedom that most dentists desire.
Delegation creates a multi-level pyramid.
Delegation -Delegate to each entity a part they can control.
Delegation eliminates costly duplication.
Delegation frees the manager from the tyranny of urgency.
Delegation gives appointed officials power to make many decisions independently.
Delegation involves more people in the work and thereby MORE work can be accomplished.
Delegation involves risk taking.
Delegation is a critical skill in the effective management of organizations.
Delegation is a form of training.
Delegation is a key requisite of leadership.
Delegation is a more extensive form of decentralization.
Delegation is a positive actual investiture.
Delegation is a powerful tool to employ others in reaching their highest capacities.
Delegation is a principle of leadership.
Delegation is a skill to learn.
Delegation is a technical area, and loss of it results in automatic cancellation of the name.
Delegation is a very powerful tool when used correctly.
Delegation is always key.
Delegation is an art form.
Delegation is an effective organization and management tool.
Delegation is an ideal way to develop the employees' talents and abilities.
Delegation is an incredible product that definitely exceeds our expectations.
Delegation is another method to simplify a job.
Delegation is another simplification tactic.
Delegation is another way to empower an employee.
Delegation is carried out by contract, franchise, grant, voucher, or mandate.
Delegation is critical, as is sufficient supervision.
Delegation is different from managing.
Delegation is distribution of authority.
Delegation is either perfect or imperfect.
Delegation is important, as is sharing of information to enable sharing of work burdens.
Delegation Is Inheritance.
Delegation is necessary.
Delegation is one of the most difficult tasks that licensed health care professionals face.
Delegation is one of the most powerful tools available to a manager.
Delegation is one of the toughest jobs to learn.
Delegation is only necessary when Domain is currently registered and delegated elsewhere.
Delegation is perhaps the hardest job owner-managers have to learn.
Delegation is really what leadership is all about.
Delegation is taught as a key supervisory skill in organizing.
Delegation is the council's strongest point.
Delegation is the distribution of specific work, responsibilities and authority.
Delegation is the downward transfer of formal authority from superior to subordinate.
Delegation is the key to a successful organization.
Delegation is the key to business success in the new century.
Delegation is the point here.
Delegation is used to access network resources on other machines.
Delegation is very important.
Delegation is when supervisors give responsibility and authority to subordinates to complete a task.
Delegation leads to no follow-through.
Delegation only works for a single level.
Delegation provides an important training ground for new and emerging leaders.
Delegation provides better managers and a higher degree of efficiency.
Delegation refers to the delegating of responsibility and can be applied to inheritance.
Delegation removes the distinction between classes and instances.
Delegation requires human relations, skills in communication, trust, teamwork, and shared goals.
Delegation requires planning and follow up.
Delegation requires some planning and monitoring to be successful.
Delegation skills that enhance staff productivity and improve performance.
Delegation suggests access to a class method by direct call rather than access through inheritance.
Delegation takes place along lines of authority.
Delegations are also in the planning stages for Colombia .
Delegations are confused, inconsistent and ineffective.
Delegations are open to people of all nationalities.
Delegations are the source of resolutions and debates.
Delegations are to be assembled by defenders.
Delegations are to be assembled by the defender leader from the jurisdiction.
Delegations arrive at the airport.
Delegations can be, and are, revoked.
Delegations come and go and everything has to proceed smoothly.
Delegations come and go between their capitals, and Laos clears all major policy with Hanoi.
Delegations experience typical family life, and also meet for group activities throughout the month.
Delegations form Latvia, Norway, the USA, Finland, Sweden, and Russia participated in it.
Delegations go off to other regions to see how they're organized.
Delegations meet with people who have influence over a decision.
Delegations range in size depending on the full-time student population at each institution.
Delegations regularly attend professional meetings and conferences.
Delegations travel to each other's country for a two-week visit of the capital and major cities.
Delegations visit each other annually.
Delegations visit workers in their homes.
Delegations usually consist of five males and five females, and an adult leader.
Every delegation also meets to discuss and prepare for the simulation.
Many delegations quit the session.
Many delegations select an official hotel and encourage members to stay at the same hotel.
More delegations are to follow.
Some delegations are small, and some are huge.
Some delegations still favour maintaining the status quo in certain areas.
Some delegations still favour the status quo.
Delete access enables users to completely remove a file or directory.
Delete access means a user can delete a file or directory.
Delete annotation Deletes an annotation.
Delete button Removes the selected entry.
Delete Call Selecting Delete Call permanently deletes the currently open call slip.
Delete columns Select the columns.
Delete field removes the selected field from the table.
Delete file Brings up a dialog box allowing the user to select a file to be deleted.
Delete flags fill the extended velocity gates.
Delete footers Put in an semi intelligent subject heading.
All delete functions affect the yank buffer.
Delete item records for the withdrawn items.
Delete item removes the current selection from the list.
Delete junk faxes and then convert the useful ones to PDF for long-term storage.
Delete key can move the item to the trash folder.
Delete keys are the antidote to bloated e-mail boxes.
Delete line does from the cursor to the end of the line.
Delete link Deletes the rule from the table.
Delete Message removes the message from the header list.
Delete pane shows all found types of events and their range in a selected fragment or a track.
Delete record Remove a record forever from the selected database.
Delete record removes the currently selected record from the table.
Delete records indicate that the file was deleted.
Delete Row Deletes the current row of data in the scrolling region of a panel.
Delete Row Deletes the current row of data.
Delete site records that no longer exist or no longer meet the majority of selection requirements.
Deleted stuff is recoverable by typing .
Deleterious alleles appear and are eliminated by selection.
Deleterious consequences ensue with maximal frequency from accelerated execution.
Most deleterious mutations are recessive.
Deleterious substance is very broadly defined.
Deletion mapping is generally impossible with diploids.
Deletion mutations involve more than two base pairs.
Deletion mutations result from missing base pairs after DNA repair .
Deletion mutations result from missing base pairs after DNA repair.
Some deletion mutation leads to development.
Some deletion mutation leads to tumor development.
A deletion is redaction
Deletion actually deletes a file name.
Deletion can occur anywhere in the list.
Deletion causes the mail program to forget about the message.
Deletion is a form of editing.
Deletion is a little more difficult because pointers have to be rearranged.
Deletion is a relatively infrequent activity so perhaps caching problems can essentially be ignored.
Deletion is complete.
Deletion is in response to lack of demand, declining enrollment statistics.
Deletion is like throwing something in the trash basket.
Deletion is often the default option with statistical software packages.
Deletion is one option, but there are always alternatives.
Deletion is only the final solution.
Deletion is permanent, so please be careful when deleting assignments.
Deletion is potentially serious, so a confirmation dialog appears.
Deletion is real and painful.
Deletion is the best treatment.
Deletion is the type of mutation most frequently caused by radiation.
Deletion isa removal.
Deletion occurs when a portion of a chromosome is lost.
Deletion rationale no longer applies.
Deletion takes place starting at and including the current cursor position.
Deletion takes place through the outlawing of custom.
Deletion templates Explanation of the template set used in a deletion request.
Deletions affect expression.
Deletions are genetically devastating because of their permanence.
Deletions are immediate and irrevocable .
Deletions are in brackets, and additions are in italics.
Deletions are in strikeout type and additions in italics.
Deletions are indicated by brackets, new text is in all caps.
Deletions are mutation.
Deletions are removals.
Deletions can also cause frameshift mutations.
Deletions can occur in different parts of the gene and can be almost any size.
Deletions cause similar problems.
Deletions change the genetic map.
Deletions Describe the kind of mutation that is called a 'deletion'.
Deletions don t revert.
Deletions fit into several categories.
Deletions have a strikethrough .
Deletions have effects.
Deletions have opposite effects.
Deletions occur here and the length of each deletion is shown at the appropriate place.
Deletions provide valuable clues to the location of genes on chromosomes.
Deletions range in size up to several centiMorgans.
Deletions remove information from the gene.
Deletions work perfectly with other programs.
Any deletion is a two step process in Mulberry.
Any deletions now delete the related objects from ALL maps.
Most deletions affect expression.
Most deletions are terminal, vary in extent, and remove a gene for myelin basic protein.
Most deletions have effects.
Most deletions have opposite effects.
Some deletions become so large that they are visible on well stretched metaphase chromosomes.
Some deletions cause reductions.
Some deletions contribute to attenuation.
Some deletions lead to onsets.
A delft is earthenware
Delft wishes to be the laboratory for such new developments.
Delis are located in buildings.
Delis are located in cities.
Delis are located in malls.
Delis are located in office buildings.
Delis are located in shopping centers.
Delis are located in shops.
Delis are located in strip malls.
Delis are located in towns.
Delis are restaurants.
Delis are used for eating.
Delis are used for social gathering.
Deliberate abuse is another issue.
Deliberate ambiguity can contribute to the effectiveness and richness of a work.
Deliberate angle helps a lot.
Deliberate appropriation can raise deeper issues.
Deliberate arousal is moral only within sexual activity between a husband and wife.
Deliberate breaches made by the sponsor to accomplish such dewatering are eligible for repair.
Any deliberate breeding done with another pedigreed breed of cat is unethical.
Deliberate catch is thought to be insignificant at present.
Any deliberate change is doomed to failure.
Deliberate cloning is as old as horticulture itself.
Deliberate confusion reigns.
Deliberate contemplation is the hallmark of the American judicial system.
Deliberate deadness is as bad or worse than false enthusiasm.
Deliberate decontamination is rare and limited to vital areas.
Some deliberate designs are used by engineers.
Deliberate distortion is never permissible.
Deliberate duplications are rare.
Deliberate duplicity is unlikely to be forgiven or forgotten.
Deliberate fires continue to be a problem, with no decisive response from the Police.
Deliberate gobbledygook is just as deceptive as even the bluntest falsehood.
Deliberate gradients are best for process modelling.
Deliberate indifference is an extremely high standard to meet.
Deliberate infringements generate larger awards, but ignorance is no defense.
Deliberate introductions take places.
Most deliberate introductions take places.
Deliberate knockoffs are easy enough to recognize.
Deliberate misspelling is also a good technique.
Deliberate Mistakes Use to focus student's on lesson.
Deliberate plagiarism is illegal, unethical, and a guaranteed way to fail an assignment.
Deliberate plagiarism is regarded as a serious act of academic misconduct.
Deliberate plans establish a framework for rapid transition to crisis response.
Deliberate refusal can be purposeful.
Deliberate sin is moral sin, since it involves the sinner's choice.
Deliberate strategies provide the organization with a sense of purposeful direction.
Deliberate strategy can stimulate organic development from life-activity growth nodes.
Deliberate themes erupt into frenetic solos, offering irony and contrast aplenty.
Deliberation can last as little as a few hours or take as long as several days to complete.
Deliberation entails thinking through the issue as a means to reach an opinion.
Deliberation is a complex activity.
Deliberation is a type of inquiry.
Deliberation is an essentially mysterious process.
Deliberation is consideration
Deliberation is consideration.
Deliberation is discussion.
Deliberation is like a breath of fresh air.
Deliberation is needed to sort out the meaning of right and wrong in a world of shifting relevance.
Deliberation is ongoing, with a report likely within the next couple months.
Deliberation is shorter with impulse purchasing.
Deliberation is the work of many people.
Deliberation is vital to lawmaking.
Deliberation leads to better outcomes, openness to greater trust and fewer misunderstandings.
Deliberation means . . .
Deliberation means an intent to kill, carried out in a cool state of blood, . . .
Deliberation requires a thoughtful consideration of different views on an issue.
Deliberation requires that participants weigh the pros and cons of each choice.
Deliberations are confidential.
Deliberations are to be made with a quorum of half the membership to be valid.
Deliberations are underway.
Deliberations can take hours or even several days because decisions have to be unanimous.
Deliberations expose the feelings, prejudices, and personal agendas of jurors.
Deliberations is a UK-based group concerned with teaching and learning in higher education.
Deliberations require an absolute majority.
All deliberations are confidential.
All deliberations are private.
Deliberative argument is different.
Deliberative democracy is a current hot topic in political theory.
Deliberative forums help people find the places where their values, interests, and goals overlap.
Deliboz horses spread widely throughout western Azerbaijan.
A delicacy is elegance
Delicacies are smallness.
Delicacies are taste.
Delicacies include crabs.
Delicacy is everything.
Delicacy is to love what grace is to beauty.
Delicacy isa nourishment.
Delicacy isa sustenance.
Some delicacies are always present in a mezze, includ ing the internationally known tabboule salad.
Some delicacies are always present in a mezze, including the internationally known tabboule salad.
Some delicacies are made of rice.
Delicate accents are creation-specific.
Delicate alleys span the island, which is only a ten-minute saunter long.
Delicate assembly is in the hands of a regular team of qualified experts.
Delicate attention is paid to the thoughtful preparation of the dishes.
Delicate beads adorn the waist of an ethereal gown.
Delicate blossoms add a finishing touch to a special-occasion cake.
Delicate chip shots over bunkers always catch the top of the bank and fall back.
Delicate colors make the sculptures come alive.
Delicate crinoid can orient towards the current to increase food capture.
Delicate daisies are embroidered across crisp white tucked front, split neck edge with tie.
Delicate decor is reminiscent of the Orient.
Delicate details dance across the faces of solid shapes in perfect, harmonic balance.
Delicate embroidery edges top cup for a feminine touch to a tailored look.
Delicate embroidery traces the neckline and adds to the femininity.
Delicate fibers wrap around individual muscle cells as endomysium .
Delicate fibrils extend along each lateral margin.
Delicate flavor is excellent in chicken, veal, pork and seafood dishes.
Delicate flavor pairs well with poultry and salads.
Delicate flowers appear from fall to late winter.
Delicate flowers make beautiful decorations, and pastel colors add light to any room.
Delicate flowers rise up through a whorl of thick, hairy green leaves.
Delicate feet dance and stardust scatters at the impact.
Delicate fronds conceal a retiring creature.
Delicate glass enhances the gracefulness of dolphins .
Delicate glass enhances the gracefulness of dolphins as they leap joyously upon shimmering waves.
Delicate illustrations create a lovely portrayal of winter's first gentle storm.
Delicate illustrations enhance the warm tone throughout the book's five sections.
All delicate items are foam packed for the safest possible shipping.
Any delicate item needs double cushioning.
Delicate moves lead to better holds.
Delicate movements are rare.
Delicate needlework cascades down the front placket.
Delicate operations continue to be done by hand.
Delicate orchids dot the landscape.
Delicate pastel painted tulips adorn the wheelbarrel.
Delicate pearls decorate the gown, sleeves and bodice.
Delicate petals shimmer in shades of pink, pure white, magenta and jewel-tone maroon.
Delicate phantoms flow beneath the termination.
Delicate plants grow in areas.
Delicate plants grow leaves.
Delicate plants take roots.
Most delicate plants grow in areas.
Most delicate plants grow leaves.
Most delicate plants take roots.
Delicate silhouettes disappear, Engulfed by a vast shadow of darkness.
Delicate skin can tear when adhesive dressings or tape are removed.
Delicate sprays create an airy effect for contrast to colored annuals in the garden and in bouquets.
Delicate Stars are a perfect way to use small quantities of left over beads.
Delicate swans fly on the highboy.
Delicate thread work around neck, half sleeves borders.
Delicate watercolors enhance the affectionate story.
Delicate wings require subtle indulgence with plenty of sugar to fuel their flutter.
Delicate workmanship is needed for the weaving process.
Delicatessen sandwiches are the restaurant's mainstay.
A delicatessen is convenience food
Delicatessens offer sandwiches, salads, soups and other quick fare.
Delicious anticipation builds with the delay.
Delicious aromas fill the room.
Delicious beverages are only part of the attraction.
Delicious blueberries offer a nutritional bonus.
Delicious cuisine is available daily at a reasonable price.
Delicious cuisine is served in our comfortable scenic dining room.
Delicious deserts complete the meal.
Delicious desserts are the perfect finishing touch to any meal.
Delicious desserts complement the food so save room.
Delicious desserts enhance any meal.
Delicious doll delights a pair of dorks.
Delicious fare is available in the neighborhood s diverse restaurants.
Many delicious flavors are now available.
Delicious food becomes tasteless.
Delicious food is a hallmark.
Delicious food is planned for all Federationists who register for the convention.
Delicious food is prepared by our professional chef and experienced kitchen staff.
Delicious food is prepared fresh daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Delicious food is served to guests for breakfast and afternoon tea.
Delicious food plays a vital part in a hilarious journey.
Delicious food prevents diseases.
Many delicious foods are widely available for relatively low cost and are heavily advertised.
Delicious gingerbread is sold during intermission.
Delicious home cooked meals include Alaskan seafood and freshly baked desserts.
Delicious lamb is the main ingredient.
Delicious lobsters tantalize our taste buds at dinner and the margaritas flow like water.
Delicious lunches are great for making new friends.
Delicious luxury chocolates from Russia.
Delicious meals are a part of every trip.
Delicious meals are a regular part of the Briarwood experience.
Delicious meals are available in the guesthouse.
Delicious meals are carefully prepared, homestyle.
Delicious meals are located in ovens.
Delicious meals are prepared fresh on order daily from the kitchen.
Delicious meals prepared by our staff are available upon request for an additional charge.
More delicious meat is available in the prefecture.
Delicious menus are crab, salmon, halibut and prime rib.
Delicious peppers perfect for pickling.
Delicious pizzas are another speciality.
More delicious pork are available in the preefcture.
Delicious products appear in bars, restaurants and vending machines.
Delicious recipes follow rules.
Every delicious recipe is lower in fat, salt, calories or cholesterol.
Most delicious recipes follow rules.
Some delicious recipes contain in books.
Some delicious recipes use staples.
Delicious seafood is the house speciality.
Delicious sparkler is still available in magnum size bottles, perfect for parties.
Delicious steaks are also available.
Delight adds power to desire.
Delight are attractive and original, personalized and professional.
Delight awakens happiness within.
Delight brings together different visions of flowers, fruit, and garden.
Delight comes through, beneficial if correct.
Delight has a smooth, fast fox trot with a tremendous amount of reach.
Delight is a synonym for joy.
Delight is layd abedde, and pleasure past, No sonne now shines, cloudes han all ouercast.
Delight is more than just beauty.
Delight is perhaps a bit too precious, but the rest of the secondary characters are nicely done.
Delight is pleasure
Delight is pleasure.
Delight is rare for adults.
Delight is the facilitative component of experience.
Delight is the most difficult quality to evoke, but no less essential.
Delight is the response appropriate to something that is supremely valuable.
Delight is value.
Delight is what makes the building more than just a shelter.
Delight is what sets literature apart.
Delight isa pleasure.
Delight means the quality of the architecture related to art and music.
Delight quickly turns to dismay as term paper seems too good to be true.
Most delights lie in the detours.
Every delighted customer is our driving force.
Delightful arrangement captures the innocence and joy of another era.
Many delightful coasts can turn into nightmares even in minor blows.
Delightful conversation is the order of the day.
Delightful photos accompany the article.
Delightful residents lounge for relaxation.
Delightful restaurants cater to family dining.
Delightful sentences describe each mitt.
Delightful shops offering an amazing variety of merchandise are there to be discovered.
Delightful signs look at the humorous side of hunting while still making a point.
Delightful stories recount episodes from the childhood of famous composers and artists.
Delightful surprises await all who attend either or both exhibitions.
Delightful villages abound.
Delighting customers is the clear determinant of e-business success or failure.
Delighting customers takes a whole lot more.
Delimitation is a boundary
Delimitations also describe the populations to which the study can be applied.
Delimitations are about types of people the sample represents.
Delimitations delineate the scope of the study.
Delimited data means information that has been demarcated or separated by tabs, spaces or colon.
Delimited fields are best for spreadsheets and word-processors.
Delimited format separates fields by a special character such as a comma or tab.
Delimited identifiers are database object names that are delimited by double quotes.
Delimited strings are optional after the two required arguments.
Delineated emphasis is placed on behavior before, at the onset of, and after buckling.
Delinquencies are at an all-time low, despite a surge in consumer debt.
Delinquencies can occur because of math errors.
Delinquencies remain flat in virtually every loan category.
Delinquency begins with the first missed pay-ment.
Delinquency begins with the first missed payment.
Delinquency can lead to default.
Delinquency is an activity
Delinquency is at an all time low at one tenth of one percent.
Delinquency is negligence.
Delinquency is one of the pitfalls of making loans.
Delinquency is protest against middle-class.
Delinquency is therefore situational, depending on a particular time, place and setting.
Delinquency means antisocial or violent behaviour in young people, often involving criminal acts.
Any delinquencies accrued prior to the date of the report are the responsibility of the customer.
Delinquent accounts are a major concern for credit issuers.
Delinquent accounts are due immediately.
Delinquent accounts are subject to a monthly service charge.
Delinquent accounts are subject to cancellation.
Delinquent accounts are subject to collection fees resulting from the use of collection agencies.
Delinquent accounts are subject to deactivation at any time.
Delinquent accounts are subject to disconnection without notification.
Delinquent accounts are subject to immediate suspension.
Delinquent accounts are subject to immediate termination.
Delinquent accounts are subject to interest and collection fee charges.
Delinquent accounts are subject to termination of service.
Delinquent accounts are subjet to the cost of collection including reasonable attorney's fees.
Delinquent accounts are the brakes that bring companies to a screeching halt.
Delinquent accounts are very frustrating.
Delinquent accounts cause cash flow problems.
Delinquent accounts make the cost of flying higher for all members.
All delinquent accounts are subject to stoppage of service without notice.
Delinquent behavior can come from either end of the spectrum.
Delinquent borrowers forfeit their borrowing privileges until fines are paid or items are returned.
All delinquent children are at high risk for violent victimization, even death.
Delinquent citations are subject to additional late penalties.
Delinquent fees become a lien upon the property.
Delinquent loans become the responsibility of the group.
Delinquent parents are able to flee across state lines to avoid child support obligations.
Delinquent parents can avoid arrest by paying child support in full and on time.
Delinquent taxes bear interest at the rate of sixteen per cent per year simple.
Delinquent taxes cost both taxpayers and taxing entities time and money.
Many delinquent youth do leave the path of crime.
A delinquent is an offender
Delinquent is both disturbing and entertaining, a terrific mix.
Delinquents are also more likely to have convicted parents or delinquent older siblings.
Delinquents are substantially different from non- delinquents.
Delinquents are wrongdoers.
Delinquents change their behavior when services are based on strengths and needs.
Delinquents change their behavior when services build on their strengths and meet their needs.
Delinquents disproportionately come from lower class and low income families.
Delinquents find violating the law attractive.
Delinquents go free if they pay enough.
Some delinquents have to be the band, some have to be the audience.
Delirious joy is a fruit of true repentance.
Delirious patients are extremely suggestible and respond well to reassurance.
A delirium is an emotional disturbance
Delirium can be very frightening.
Delirium can be very scary, but it is a temporary condition.
Delirium can be very scary, but it is temporary.
Delirium indicates a serious problem for the older adult in the hospital.
Delirium is common during the final days of life.
Delirium is common in hospitalized elderly patients.
Delirium is common.
Delirium is in the cabinet below the scanner to the left of the monitor.
Delirium is reversible, even in advanced illness.
Delirium occurs, commonly, in persons with dementia.
Delirium offers unique terrain, exciting front country extreme skiing and boarding.
Delirium starts to set in.
Delirium tends to disturb the sleep-wake cycle, such as daytime fatigue or nighttime agitation.
Delirium tremens iv.
Deliriums are diseases.
Deliriums are illnesses.
Deliriums are mental disorder.
All delirium is expansive.
Most delis are happy to oblige.
Some delis are content to simply pile the meats on and call the result a sandwich.
Some delis are happy to comply.
Every deliverable product consists of several components.
A deliverable is a product
Deliverables are a means to an end.
Deliverables are complete and useable by the intended audience.
Deliverables are due at the beginning of each class.
Deliverables are due very soon.
Deliverables are mostly white papers and technical news bulletins.
Deliverables are products.
Deliverables are tangible, bottom-line results.
Deliverables are the actual work or end result the teleworker agrees to produce.
Deliverables are the key.
Deliverables are the meat and potatoes of the project.
Deliverables are the products produced by the team.
Deliverables are to be determined by the consultant.
Deliverables are well defined.
Deliverables come in two forms.
Deliverables Create a spool file or log file for each problem in the assignment.
Deliverables Create a spool or log file for each problem in the assignment.
Deliverables hit rate.
Deliverables Make minor tweaks.
Deliverables Provide a list and brief description of all work products, including the final report.
Deliverables See Proposed Solution above.
Deliverables Using turnin , submit stats.h and stats.cxx .
All deliverables are by electronic transmission only, there are no deliverables in any other form.
All deliverables are due on the date indicated in the course schedule.
Most deliverables have three or four useful levels of precision.
Some deliverables are far too simple or data-oriented to warrant such an attachment.
Some deliverables are now irrelevant because of domain boundary changes.
Deliverance begins with suffering.
Deliverance comes at a price.
Deliverance comes only after the ensuing holocaust flood as scripture foretells.
Deliverance contains eight new detailed single-player maps.
Deliverance depends on more than our authority.
Deliverance Go to text version .
Deliverance happens down the street, around the next corner, beyond the bend in the river.
Deliverance is a constant learning process.
Deliverance is a process similar to formal exorcism.
Deliverance is a release from bondage, imprisonment and captivity.
Deliverance is a strong word seeking a strong remedy.
Deliverance is a surprise.
Deliverance is a very difficult add on to complete for the first time half-life fan.
Deliverance is about savlation and the desire for the truth and light.
Deliverance is also a way to restore personal walls that have been broken down by sin and rebellion.
Deliverance is also by grace .
Deliverance is also for life .
Deliverance is at hand.
Deliverance is available now.
Deliverance is custom designed, built and equipped for extended cruising by two or three people.
Deliverance is dynamic and exciting.
Deliverance is films.
Deliverance is just below the exit sign.
Deliverance is of the soul.
Deliverance is recovery
Deliverance menas a release from bondage, imprisonment and liberation from captivity.
Deliverance mutti .
Deliverance represents a desire to energize the boring life of suburbia.
Deliverance seems to depart from our image of the wilderness as benefactor, refuge, or purifier.
Deliverance usually involves the actions of a third party.
Delivered service can t depend on other people s traffic.
Delivery confirmation is faxed after delivery to residence.
Delivery Drivers Apply within.
Delivery drivers have laptop computers with extensive map database software.
Delivery men are always later, than any procrastinator.
Delivery men do it at the rear entrance.
Delivery rate is measured in function points per person month.
Delivery rate varies from moderate to high.
Delivery rates are dependent on tank pressure and plumbing.
Delivery rates are good.
Delivery rates are subject to change without notice.
Delivery rates are the same as above.
Delivery rates go down as lift height goes up and vice-versa.
Delivery rates vary from moderate to high depending on part characteristics.
Delivery rates vary from slow to moderate speeds depending on application.
All delivery rates depend on location.
Delivery reliability is a specialized case of reliability.
Delivery service continues to be available on select orders.
Delivery service is also available from many individual courier services.
Delivery service is also available.
Delivery service is available at no extra charge.
Delivery service is available for equipment for classroom use on weekdays.
Delivery service is available for groups, organizations and businesses.
Delivery service is available for large items.
Delivery service is available in different arrangements.
Delivery service is available on all orders regardless of size.
Delivery service is available within the immediate area.
Delivery service is available.
Delivery service is charged per trip.
Delivery service is daily.
Delivery service is extended to air passengers residing in Taiwan area only.
Delivery service is fantastic.
Delivery service is free of charge for rentals of four or more days.
Delivery service is guaranteed to be fast.
Delivery service is offered and, when requested, set-up of the equipment as well.
Delivery service is offered to most Vancouver Island locations.
Delivery service is provided on two days each week volunteers.
Delivery service is provided.
Delivery services are also available.
Delivery services are available for both groceries and meals.
Delivery services are available for pallet-size loads by special arrangement.
Delivery services are available upon request.
Delivery services are by the retailer or contractor.
Delivery services exist, but usually only for fast food or pizza.
Most delivery services require certified check or money order.
Some delivery services are available as well.
Some delivery services are available, and all proceeds go toward the enhancement of patient care.
Delivery systems are absolutely necessary for effective risk management, profitability and growth.
Delivery systems are as transgenic products or chemicals.
Delivery systems are safe, accurate and reliable.
Delivery systems are unreliable.
Delivery systems vary and are designed to optimize uptake.
A delivery truck is a van
Delivery trucks are vans.
Delivery trucks can present a hazard.
Delivery trucks carry mixed loads of warehouse food items and finished food products.
Delivery trucks come and go.
Delivery trucks take food to the different restaurants and stores.
Delivery trucks use on-board compressors to convey the product into the silo.
Every delivery vehicle has advantages and disadvantages.
A delivery is a transfer
Deliveries Abroad are no problem.
Deliveries also tend to take a large amount of time, which is very good.
Deliveries are a bit more complicated, depending on which office is the recipient.
Deliveries are a serious business and no offshore voyage is to be taken lightly.
Deliveries are acts.
Deliveries are an expensive business.
Deliveries are available for four plates or more.
Deliveries are available for groups of eight or more.
Deliveries are available in some areas.
Deliveries are available in some countries.
Deliveries are available throughout the tri-state area.
Deliveries are available, as is gift-wrapping.
Deliveries are births.
Deliveries are by teleconference.
Deliveries are contingent on strikes, fires, accidents, and other causes beyond our control.
Deliveries are factory-direct to anywhere in the United States.
Deliveries are for the next working day.
Deliveries are free within our normal delivery area.
Deliveries are free.
Deliveries are from stock to six weeks.
Deliveries are generally free in the Hudson Valley area and nominal in others.
Deliveries are made during business hours, so be sure to include a daytime phone number.
Deliveries are made weekly - the day of the week depends varies from town to town.
Deliveries are more frequent and more urgent.
Deliveries are on a monthly basis.
Deliveries are on time and damage free.
Deliveries are on time.
Deliveries are once a month and can include large or regular print books and taped books.
Deliveries are schedule at noontime, and last approximately one hour.
Deliveries are subject to availability of merchandise.
Deliveries are the next business day.
Deliveries are to go directly to the user site.
Deliveries are to restaurants and ice cream shops.
Deliveries are to the ground floor or loading dock level only.
Deliveries are top rated in the industry, typically three weeks or less .
Deliveries are transportation.
Deliveries are unpredictable.
Deliveries are very reliable.
Deliveries are weekly, the products are fresh and the payment is made upon delivery.
Deliveries are welcome any time.
Deliveries begin immediately.
Deliveries begin next summer.
Deliveries can be either tail first or head first.
Deliveries can be either tail or head first.
Deliveries can be either tail-first or headfirst.
Deliveries can be tail first or head first.
Deliveries can happen anytime.
Deliveries commence immediately.
Deliveries conform to international legal agreements.
Deliveries generally arrive within four to seven business days.
Deliveries generally run between three to six weeks.
Deliveries generally run two to three weeks.
Deliveries have free postage.
Deliveries have to be made on time.
Deliveries never rest on mail servers and are fully encrypted to protect privacy.
Deliveries now take approximately a week.
Deliveries occur approximately four times a year and generally take less than an hour to complete.
Deliveries occur in the background without impacting other applications in use.
Deliveries overseas are at the subscriber's risk.
Deliveries range from one meal to fully catered events.
Deliveries refer to the arrival dates and quantities discharged in recipient countries.
Deliveries result in performance.
Deliveries seem to be a big concern.
Deliveries start next month.
Deliveries take approximately one hour.
Deliveries take longer during holiday periods.
Deliveries vary from once a week to once every two weeks.
Delivery Allow two to three weeks for delivery.
Delivery also supports sophisticated navigation, item review, and test restart functions.
Delivery appear Illness onto halves beyond most reunion on-line either destroy beside that wound.
Delivery based upon the water right's priority date is assured.
Delivery Be as clear and confident as possible.
Delivery Be careful to follow shipping instructions appearing on purchase orders.
Delivery begins next week.
Delivery believes that everyone ought to have a college diploma.
Delivery breathe an button till all probable racquetball and racket.
Delivery can be anywhere from real-time to one month after the news breaks.
Delivery can be as printed output or suitable for use with PC packages, email or web applications.
Delivery can be by standard or express mail.
Delivery can be by warheads on missiles, but also by means as simple as a crop sprayer.
Delivery can be either via our fleet or most major common carriers.
Delivery can be slow but the selection and prices are unbeatable.
Delivery can be swift, depending on whether the painting needs to be photographed.
Delivery can be very complicated for the macrosomic fetus.
Delivery can be via fax, or post.
Delivery can make a good speech great, but no delivery style can salvage an empty speech.
Delivery can occur in a variety of ways, including as an attached file to e-mail.
Delivery can take as long as four to six weeks from receipt of payment.
Delivery can take between two and four weeks or less.
Delivery can take place commencing with first notice day.
Delivery can take several weeks.
Delivery can take time, though.
Delivery can take up to ten days, depending on which country it has to be shipped to.
Delivery can take up to two weeks.
Delivery charges additional.
Delivery comes through the mail, by fax machine or by e-mail.
Delivery comes via e-mail or fax.
Delivery comes with courtesy and a smile.
Delivery concerns the presentation of the speech.
Delivery consists in the handing over of goods which conform with the contract.
Delivery consists of weekend workshops and distance learning over a two-year period.
Delivery costs extra and communities are encouraged to pick up their own salmon.
Delivery costs extra.
Delivery costs to post office.
Delivery covers Bangkok and Thailand's major cities.
Delivery dates All have been delivered.
Delivery dates on assets is often unpredictable due to many factors.
Delivery deals with how the presentation is given to the audience.
Delivery depends on availability.
Delivery depends on location and time of receipt of order.
Delivery depends on order size.
Delivery depends on the moon phase, but is generally within two weeks.
Delivery depends on unit.
Delivery depends on which institution owns the item and their lending policies.
Delivery depends upon the availability and shipping options at the lending library.
Delivery destroy Illness beyond halves beside most nike running shoes either kept upon that wound.
Delivery directs against few tea because guarantee freestone shirt.
Delivery eat out few dozen after offered ford mustang convertible.
Delivery eat out few dozen after offered gm blazer.
Delivery Evaluate a supplier's ability to respond to our delivery needs.
Delivery expects an increase in activity now that libraries can use the Internet instead of telnet.
Delivery Finally deliver the selected items to the user.
Delivery gathers all fonts and images linked to QuarkXPress documents.
Delivery generally takes about five working days.
Delivery generally takes about forty-five minutes.
Delivery generally takes two to four weeks.
Delivery has passion and conviction.
Delivery has to be by cesarean section.
Delivery however Smoke require none distributors on a black compression stuff sack.
Delivery includes a dated certificate naming the person or event for whom the flag was flown.
Delivery includes new product development cycle and distribution.
Delivery includes placement of the furniture or seating, unwrapping, assembly as needed and set-up .
Delivery includes pre-programmed default settings that cover the most important surgical procedures.
Delivery includes the set up of feeders in a central location on the ranch.
Delivery includes whether the presentation was interesting, lively, special, and clear.
Delivery incurs additional charges.
Delivery involves the actual birth or expulsion of the fetus from the uterus.
Delivery involves the medium quality, effectiveness, and appropriateness.
Delivery involves use of the voice and the body to create a desired effect.
Delivery is a bit pricey though.
Delivery is a different question.
Delivery is a factor.
Delivery is a huge challenge, in terms of cost and added complexity.
Delivery is a little pricey, but the selection is great and the layout very easy to navigate.
Delivery is a one-way transmission to a recipient.
Delivery is a problem.
Delivery is a second priority.
Delivery is a vital aspect of all presentations.
Delivery is about six weeks.
Delivery is about ten days.
Delivery is about three days to most U.S. mainland locations.
Delivery is about three months from ordering.
Delivery is absolutely free.
Delivery is additional depending on distance.
Delivery is additional.
Delivery is adequate, but weaknesses in some areas are evident.
Delivery is adequate, buy weaknesses in some areas are evident.
Delivery is aided by spinal reflexes and voluntary contractions of the abdominal muscles as well.
Delivery is almost always within two or three days of receiving the order.
Delivery is also about establishing a continuing relationship with clients.
Delivery is also available anywhere in the tri-state area.
Delivery is also available at certain locations.
Delivery is also available by fax and plain text e-mail.
Delivery is also available for any item on the menu.
Delivery is also available for shut-ins.
Delivery is also available on weekdays.
Delivery is also available to other parts of Israel.
Delivery is also available, for a fee.
Delivery is also available.
Delivery is also important.
Delivery is also possible.
Delivery is also subject to stock availability.
Delivery is always available to the Buffalo and surrounding suburbs.
Delivery is always free.
Delivery is always prompt and sometimes a day early.
Delivery is always prompt.
Delivery is an additional charge.
Delivery is an extra charge.
Delivery is appropriate for targeted clients.
Delivery is approx.
Delivery is assisted by vacuum extraction and low forceps.
Delivery is associated with goods.
Delivery is at least a year.
Delivery is at least as important as content, especially in a multi-cultural context.
Delivery is automatic and seamless.
Delivery is available .
Delivery is available all day.
Delivery is available and trade-ins are welcome on trailers.
Delivery is available anywhere in the United States.
Delivery is available at a charge determined by time and distance.
Delivery is available at any time during our business hours.
Delivery is available by our own delivery teams.
Delivery is available every day.
Delivery is available for a fee also.
Delivery is available for a fee, based on location.
Delivery is available for an additional fee on regular paper purchases.
Delivery is available for any item.
Delivery is available for bulk quantities.
Delivery is available for larger items.
Delivery is available for school, neighborhood, and community projects.
Delivery is available from both of our Iowa City locations.
Delivery is available geographically or demographically.
Delivery is available immediately.
Delivery is available in a limited area.
Delivery is available in certain areas for an additional charge.
Delivery is available in East Watertown.
Delivery is available in our local service area only.
Delivery is available in paper or via the Web.
Delivery is available in the continental U.S. only.
Delivery is available in the UK only.
Delivery is available in Toronto.
Delivery is available locally and around the world.
Delivery is available locally, out of town, out of state and overseas.
Delivery is available on a flat rate basis to most locations in the continental United States.
Delivery is available on any item.
Delivery is available on any size order, from job lot quantities, to straight truckloads.
Delivery is available on orders of five or more.
Delivery is available only to the United States and Canada.
Delivery is available outside of the zone, but there is a minimum order and delivery charge.
Delivery is available overseas or in the United States, whichever is appropriate.
Delivery is available throughout Michigan, northern Indiana and northern Ohio.
Delivery is available throughout North America.
Delivery is available throughout Northern California.
Delivery is available throughout the United States by common carrier.
Delivery is available to a select area.
Delivery is available to all of Indiana, as well as most of Michigan, Illinois, Kentucky, and Ohio.
Delivery is available to any lab at all three campuses.
Delivery is available to any location on campus.
Delivery is available to Hawaii and Alaska for an additional fee.
Delivery is available to mainland UK only.
Delivery is available to many countries.
Delivery is available to most destinations.
Delivery is available to our patrons confined to their homes.
Delivery is available to the mainland UK only.
Delivery is available to the United States.
Delivery is available upon request.
Delivery is available using our own delivery teams.
Delivery is available via email or download, or fax.
Delivery is available within a one-mile radius of the city limits.
Delivery is available within certain areas and depending upon availability.
Delivery is available within our local trading area only.
Delivery is available within the general area, be sure to ask for details.
Delivery is available within the local area.
Delivery is available within the United States or Canada.
Delivery is available, and come the holidays there are always a few specials, too.
Delivery is available, too, for local purchases.
Delivery is available.
Delivery is Available.
Delivery is based on the normal lead-time.
Delivery is based on the size and weight of the goods and the distances involved.
Delivery is better.
Delivery is between five - seven days depending on stock.
Delivery is by a mix of theory, practical and portfolio building.
Delivery is by available by email on some packages.
Delivery is by cesarean section due to partial placenta previa.
Delivery is by common carrier enclosed tractor trailer.
Delivery is by courier or mail depending on which service is most efficient and practicable.
Delivery is by courier service anywhere in the world.
Delivery is by digital electronic transfer over the Internet.
Delivery is by distance learning.
Delivery is by downloading over the internet.
Delivery is by e-mail, fax or regular mail.
Delivery is by email.
Delivery is by first class mail.
Delivery is by fourth-class mail.
Delivery is by hand, mail, or courier only.
Delivery is by Internet shortly after each meeting.
Delivery is by land or sea, via commercial carriers to almost anywhere in the world.
Delivery is by mail, fax, courier, etc.
Delivery is by mail.
Delivery is by means of lectures with some practical work and plenty of practice at exam questions.
Delivery is by next day insured delivery.
Delivery is by overnight courier to a street address, unless specified otherwise.
Delivery is by post or parcel service as required.
Delivery is by recorded mail, and shipping times depend on stock levels.
Delivery is by regular mail service.
Delivery is by standard post, document exchange or, in the case of overseas, courier post.
Delivery is by structured lessons, practicals, discussion and group work.
Delivery is by surface parcel mail.
Delivery is by two-day priority mail.
Delivery is calculated according to delivery area selected.
Delivery is calculated during the order process.
Delivery is calculated during the order.
Delivery is chargeable.
Delivery is charged at cost.
Delivery is charged extra.
Delivery is completely unrelated to the angle of the uterus.
Delivery is complimented with individual telephone counseling.
Delivery is complimented with individual telephone counselling.
Delivery is consistent with adult learning principles.
Delivery is contingent upon available equipment and personnel.
Delivery is contingent upon receipt of full payment due.
Delivery is currently available only in Manhattan.
Delivery is currently free to UK addresses.
Delivery is deemed complete at the moment the racket strikes the ball.
Delivery is defined as placing equipment in a classroom or at the entry door to a classroom.
Delivery is defined as the potential for the slide debris to enter a stream.
Delivery is delayed if the directory is unavailable.
Delivery is dependent on the shipping schedule to and from the island.
Delivery is dependent on the weather.
Delivery is direct from the manufacturers by their own specialist carrier.
Delivery is direct from the manufacturers by their own specialist staff at no extra charge.
Delivery is direct from the manufacturers by their own specialist staff for no extra charge.
Delivery is direct from the manufacturers by their own specialist staff.
Delivery is directly into brain.
Delivery is done then in real high speed via satellite.
Delivery is driveway only.
Delivery is due in three months.
Delivery is easy since liquids are so easy to control.
Delivery is easy.
Delivery is effected agains cash payment.
Delivery is effected at cost and at purchasers risk.
Delivery is effective upon posting.
Delivery is either by foot or motor carrier, depending on location.
Delivery is electronic.
Delivery is eletronic.
Delivery is estimated at two to four weeks after receipt of order.
Delivery is every two weeks.
Delivery is every weekday.
Delivery is everything.
Delivery is ex our stock for common products and two weeks for others.
Delivery is extra and there is a surcharge for credit cards.
Delivery is extra, but at least it's cheaper than airfare.
Delivery is extra.
Delivery is facilitated by Syria, which controls much of Lebanon.
Delivery is fast - usually within two weeks.
Delivery is fast ,free, and reliable.
Delivery is fast and confidential.
Delivery is fast and free within UK and Ireland.
Delivery is fast and great deals are easy to find.
Delivery is fast and secure.
Delivery is FAST if u wnna buy.
Delivery is fast.
Delivery is five days after placement of a delivery order.
Delivery is fluid.
Delivery is formal and impersonal rather than interactive and personal.
Delivery is four to eight weeks.
Delivery is four to six weeks A.R.O. .
Delivery is four to six weeks after receipt of order.
Delivery is four to six weeks.
Delivery is free and fast.
Delivery is free and gift-wrapping is an option.
Delivery is FREE and normally on a next working day basis.
Delivery is free and prices are competitive.
Delivery is free and regular special offers are available.
Delivery is free and takes around five days.
Delivery is free and there is a returns policy.
Delivery is free and there's a free return postage label.
Delivery is free and they have various price promises.
Delivery is free and within hours.
Delivery is free anywhere in the world.
Delivery is free for all orders.
Delivery is FREE if the order is more than two bottles.
Delivery is FREE in Queensland.
Delivery is free in South Africa.
Delivery is free in the Drake area, and they deliver the entire menu.
Delivery is free in the U.S. by overnight service and at a nominal charge elsewhere.
Delivery is free in the UK and extremely reasonable overseas rates.
Delivery is free in the UK and relatively inexpensive world-wide.
Delivery is free in the UK and takes two days.
Delivery is free in the UK and very reasonable to the rest of the world. .
Delivery is free in the UK and very reasonable to the rest of the world.
Delivery is free of charge if within the Metro Manila area.
Delivery is free of charge.
Delivery is FREE on all orders.
Delivery is free on orders more than that.
Delivery is FREE once every three weeks.
Delivery is Free over a wide area.
Delivery is free throughout the UK on many items.
Delivery is free throughout the world.
Delivery is free to all the above listed cities.
Delivery is free to any destination in the world.
Delivery is free to anywhere in the world.
Delivery is free to most UK mailand addresses.
Delivery is free to UK addresses and next-day is available.
Delivery is free to UK, and reasonable worldwide.
Delivery is free too.
Delivery is free via campus mail.
Delivery is free with all wedding cake orders.
Delivery is free within a ten mile radius from Adams.
Delivery is free within our service area.
Delivery is free within Thailand territory.
Delivery is free within the Johannesburg area.
Delivery is free within the London area .
Delivery is free within the UK and they specialize in overseas delivery.
Delivery is free world wide with a minimum order of two of any text.
Delivery is free world wide.
Delivery is FREE world wide.
Delivery is free, and insured if by mail.
Delivery is free, there's a solid returns policy and there are good discounts.
Delivery is free.
Delivery is from Canada.
Delivery is from stock for most panel mount relays.
Delivery is from stock.
Delivery is fundamental to an individual's success.
Delivery is generally within an hour.
Delivery is generally within one to two days.
Delivery is generally within one week after the shipping date.
Delivery is good.
Delivery is greater than the message.
Delivery is guaranteed and the goods are insured.
Delivery is guaranteed in accordance with our policy .
Delivery is guaranteed in time for the weekend trade.
Delivery is guaranteed on the second business day to most metropolitan areas.
Delivery is guaranteed to take less than an hour.
Delivery is guaranteed to the Cummins distributor or dealer location originating the order.
Delivery is guaranteed via message queuing and XML return receipt.
Delivery is guaranteed within three to five days, depending on origin.
Delivery is guaranteed within two weeks.
Delivery is guaranteed.
Delivery is handled through Central Receiving.
Delivery is hard.
Delivery is highest priority.
Delivery is hopeless.
Delivery is immediate upon receipt of full payment.
Delivery is immediate via email.
Delivery is immediate with free postage and packing.
Delivery is immediate.
Delivery is imminent.
Delivery is important.
Delivery is in two to four days.
Delivery is included in our gift prices.
Delivery is included in prices.
Delivery is included in the basic price.
Delivery is included in the price for major cities only.
Delivery is included in the price of each item.
Delivery is included in the service.
Delivery is included only if delivered in the state of Maine.
Delivery is included to a single mainland UK address during normal hours.
Delivery is included to a wide area even outside Texas.
Delivery is included.
Delivery is indicated for any patient with persistent severe oliguria.
Delivery is indicated when the patient meets criteria for severe preeclampsia.
Delivery is initiated.
Delivery is instant via email.
Delivery is instant.
Delivery is instantaneous.
Delivery is later in the other areas.
Delivery is less than one week for powders in stock.
Delivery is less than the promise.
Delivery is less than two weeks.
Delivery is limited to individuals in the United States.
Delivery is made by insured and bonded national commercial carriers.
Delivery is made during the third month based on vessel availability to the port of entry.
Delivery is made in a few days depending on part ordered.
Delivery is made in a few days or weeks depending on part ordered.
Delivery is made of all the products by downloading zip files at our members only Web site.
Delivery is made on a daily basis, excluding holidays.
Delivery is made on any of the several consecutive days agreed upon before the move began.
Delivery is made on any one of several consecutive days agreed to before the move began.
Delivery is made on the next scheduled collection day.
Delivery is made to our processing plant as soon as possible.
Delivery is made to the locations served by our courier service .
Delivery is made via common carrier and is to the curb only .
Delivery is made within two hours upon receipt of order.
Delivery is managed based on obstetrical considerations.
Delivery is minimally disruptive, when compared with other special student activities.
Delivery is more direct.
Delivery is nationwide.
Delivery is negotiable in the state of Colorado.
Delivery is never a problem with our fleet of vehicles.
Delivery is next day.
Delivery is no later than second day.
Delivery is normally in physical form.
Delivery is normally overnight.
Delivery is normally within a day or two for high-volume items.
Delivery is normally within one hour of payment.
Delivery is now available, too.
Delivery is now is progress.
Delivery is offered in a variety of locations world-wide.
Delivery is offered on the island of Oahu during normal business hours.
Delivery is often available with a minimum purchase.
Delivery is often from stock.
Delivery is on a first come, first serve basis.
Delivery is on arrangement.
Delivery is on the basis of our conditions of business with regard to the sale of motor vehicles.
Delivery is on-demand fulfillment of requests for books, journals or articles, electronic data, etc.
Delivery is one - two weeks.
Delivery is one of the biggest concerns in gene therapy.
Delivery is one week after order confirmation.
Delivery is overnight and free of charge.
Delivery is overnight and the ordering is secure.
Delivery is overnight within the continental United States.
Delivery is plain and mainly textual, but yet very pleasant and easy to read.
Delivery is planned as new features and updates become available.
Delivery is planned for next summer.
Delivery is planned to take place at a later date.
Delivery is poor with little eye contact.
Delivery is possible especially West Coast.
Delivery is possible in as little as three days.
Delivery is possible West Coast.
Delivery is possible.
Delivery is prescheduled, accommodating even fast-track projects.
Delivery is presently available only in the cities specified.
Delivery is primarily via the Internet.
Delivery is prompt and accurate.
Delivery is prompt from one of our four branch locations .
Delivery is prompt from their Seattle warehouse.
Delivery is prompt.
Delivery is provided by the library to serve the community more comprehensively.
Delivery is provided for any ordered items.
Delivery is provided next business day.
Delivery is provided over an area up to five miles from the present office.
Delivery is provided to a limited area.
Delivery is quick and easy.
Delivery is quick and efficient within a few working days.
Delivery is quick and inexpensive.
Delivery is quick and the staff is really helpful in answering enquiries.
Delivery is required as listed below.
Delivery is restricted by the amount of media that can be produced.
Delivery is restricted to the United Kingdom.
Delivery is same or next day.
Delivery is scheduled during the next three months.
Delivery is scheduled in the order in which the purchase was made.
Delivery is scheduled to begin early next year.
Delivery is seven days to local markets and two weeks to overseas countries.
Delivery is six weeks A.R.O. .
Delivery is slower.
Delivery is sometimes possible if arrangements are made ahead of time.
Delivery is somewhat more problematic at present.
Delivery is stock to eight weeks.
Delivery is stock.
Delivery is straight from the bottling house.
Delivery is subject to availability, error and prior sale.
Delivery is subject to availability.
Delivery is subject to warehouse availability.
Delivery is supported through practical, oral and assignment developments.
Delivery is surprisingly affordable.
Delivery is tailgate delivery.
Delivery is that it exposes the IdevCmdEvent interface.
Delivery is the action that invokes part of the program as response to the interrupt occurrence.
Delivery is the definitive treatment.
Delivery is the easiest item to identify and yet perhaps the most difficult to change.
Delivery is the fetus become child.
Delivery is the most important canon in speech communication.
Delivery is the most important component of our prototype service.
Delivery is the networks such as wireless and data transmission.
Delivery is the next business day from the shipping date.
Delivery is the only certain way of ending the condition.
Delivery is the process by which the baby leaves the mother.
Delivery is the responsibility of the carrier only.
Delivery is the responsibility of the carrier.
Delivery is the same day in London and next day nationwide.
Delivery is the sole responsibility of the bidder.
Delivery is the ultimate cure.
Delivery is three weeks for prototypes, six weeks for production quantities.
Delivery is through a catheter inserted into a major artery.
Delivery is through artillery shells, bombs and land mines.
Delivery is through regional organisations' core budgets and extra-budgetary support.
Delivery is timely.
Delivery is to all businesses and residences in Coles County.
Delivery is to any address worldwide.
Delivery is to be coordinated with the board so as to have a crane available to unload units.
Delivery is to be made by vendor's truck.
Delivery is to be shipped by air and to be delivered door to door.
Delivery is to curb only . . .
Delivery is to Seattle area hospitals only.
Delivery is to take place between dates which are pre-fixed by the exchange.
Delivery is to the door at street level.
Delivery is tomorrow.
Delivery is too big a problem to allow e-commerce to reach all retail customers.
Delivery is totally free.
Delivery is treatment of choice.
Delivery is two to four weeks.
Delivery is two weeks after receipt or order.
Delivery is typically two to three weeks, and they can be charged on a credit card.
Delivery is under way.
Delivery is upon reciept of payment.
Delivery is usually a matter of minutes.
Delivery is usually available on a same-day basis.
Delivery is usually five business days or sooner on the West Coast.
Delivery is usually four to six weeks.
Delivery is usually from stock to four weeks or less.
Delivery is usually in about two weeks.
Delivery is usually less than a week.
Delivery is usually one to two weeks, but has been known to take longer.
Delivery is usually one week or less.
Delivery is usually three weeks.
Delivery is usually to the door.
Delivery is usually within a few days.
Delivery is usually within five days.
Delivery is usually within one business day after receipt of order.
Delivery is usually within two to four weeks.
Delivery is usually within two weeks.
Delivery is vaginal.
Delivery is very inexpensive and orders are dispatched promptly.
Delivery is via electronic or express mail, and always on time.
Delivery is via existing corporate infrastructure.
Delivery is via ftp.
Delivery is via text message.
Delivery is via the Internet on a network server.
Delivery is vital to the ongoing economic welfare of industry and the American lifestyle.
Delivery is what makes the worst web strips mostly unreadable and the good ones so good.
Delivery is where many presenters fail.
Delivery is within days on all items in wholesalers stock.
Delivery is within four weeks of order confirmation.
Delivery is within four weeks.
Delivery is within one month of order confirmation.
Delivery is within one to two weeks.
Delivery is within one week.
Delivery is within one working day.
Delivery is within two to five days.
Delivery is within two weeks.
Delivery is world-wide and is included in the price.
Delivery is worldwide and service is a pleasure.
Delivery is worldwide.
Delivery is zoned by zip code to allow for targeted advertising flexibility.
Delivery is, alas, limited to the London area.
Delivery is, however, limited to the Dayton Metro area only.
Delivery isa transportation.
Delivery makes the difference.
Delivery means act evincing intent to be immediately bound.
Delivery means actual birth of the foetus.
Delivery means the ability to turn on a dime.
Delivery normally is completed in one hour or less in mature cows.
Delivery normally takes approximately six to eight weeks. .
Delivery normally takes four to six weeks.
Delivery notes or receipts for goods are often unavailable.
Delivery now takes place in minutes, instead of days or weeks, like it took using paper and postage.
Delivery now takes place on the premises of the buyer, still loaded on the arriving vehicle.
Delivery occurs approximately twice per month.
Delivery occurs upon the CPA's attendance at the purchased event.
Delivery only occurs on business days.
Delivery plays an important role.
Delivery poses dangers as well.
Delivery Prepare the site before scheduling delivery of the sod.
Delivery properties with the drug product are important.
Delivery Protect the quality of finished products to include delivery, when specified in contract.
Delivery puma baseball cleats.
Delivery Put a half cup of rice in a soup bowl.
Delivery radiuses for rail and barge hauls can be somewhat greater, because of economies of scale.
Delivery ranges from one to seven days depending on travel distance.
Delivery ranges from several days to two depending on distance.
Delivery ranges from several days to two weeks depending on distance.
Delivery refers to how services are organized and provided.
Delivery Remains The Same.
Delivery remains the ultimate treatment for preeclampsia.
Delivery remains the ultimate treatment.
Delivery remember via whatever drawer because dread Bicycling accessory.
Delivery requires a signature.
Delivery requires integrated action across government at all levels - national, regional and local.
Delivery requires the development of a social framework for team management.
Delivery requires three business days.
Delivery requires three to seven days once the book becomes available.
Delivery requires two business days.
Delivery ride Thing near discounts inside a syarcuse collectibles next laid between little nephew.
Delivery See the contractor section for delivery information.
Delivery seems inevitable.
Delivery seems to assume a manufacturing model of the multimedia production process.
Delivery slips then have to be matched with invoices.
Delivery Speaks in a clear voice with clarity and volume.
Delivery starts after confirmation of payment.
Delivery starts immediatrely.
Delivery Stays the Same.
Delivery take just three days.
Delivery takes about a fortnight from date of order.
Delivery takes about a week and half.
Delivery takes about an hour and one half, one day a week.
Delivery takes about an hour.
Delivery takes about eight weeks.
Delivery takes about four to six weeks.
Delivery takes about one week.
Delivery takes about two and a half hours.
Delivery takes about two weeks.
Delivery takes approx.
Delivery takes approximately eight to ten weeks.
Delivery takes approximately five to seven business days.
Delivery takes approximately four to six weeks.
Delivery takes approximately one week.
Delivery takes approximately six to eight weeks.
Delivery takes approximately three business days.
Delivery takes approximately three weeks as the boards are manufactured abroad.
Delivery takes approximately two weeks, and gift boxes are available.
Delivery takes approximately two weeks.
Delivery takes around two days.
Delivery takes around two to three days.
Delivery takes four weeks after confirmation.
Delivery takes just under a week.
Delivery takes one hour at noon time.
Delivery takes one month after receipt of a confirmed order.
Delivery takes one or two days.
Delivery takes one to five business days from when the order is placed.
Delivery takes one to four weeks , so plan ahead.
Delivery takes one to two days.
Delivery takes only two weeks.
Delivery takes place by creating a temporary copy of the product from a secure stock room area.
Delivery takes place in the surgical area of the labor and delivery unit and partners are welcome.
Delivery takes place normally within a week.
Delivery takes place when the buyer receives the goods at the agreed port of destination.
Delivery takes place when the goods are placed on board the vessel.
Delivery takes six to eight weeks.
Delivery takes three to four weeks.
Delivery takes two business days.
Delivery takes two months.
Delivery takes two or three weeks, depending on circumstances.
Delivery takes two to four weeks.
Delivery takes two to three weeks upon receipt of payment.
Delivery takes two to three weeks.
Delivery takes two weeks after order confirmation.
Delivery takes two weeks or less.
Delivery tends to be virtually free.
Delivery then proceeds as usual.
Delivery timescales for international orders vary according to the tariff chosen.
Delivery timescales vary depending on destination - click here for more info.
Delivery tours A loading and unloading sequence can be defined.
Delivery Try to relax.
Delivery varies according to distance and airline scheduling.
Delivery varies according to the product.
Delivery varies based on backlog and instrument.
Delivery varies from three days to two weeks depending on the system requirements.
Delivery varies from two to seven business days.
Delivery where required is additional.
Deliveries usually arrive about noon.
Delivery usually occurs at night and in shallow water.
Delivery usually takes four days to a week.
All deliveries are by fast mail or courier, in discreet, tamper-resistant packaging.
All deliveries are by first class airmail.
All deliveries are by surface.
All deliveries are 'curbside only'.
All deliveries are dependent on the intended recipient being available to accept delivery.
All deliveries are different.
All deliveries are door to door express and fully insured.
All deliveries are free and guaranteed to be on time.
All deliveries are free.
All deliveries are post office counter to counter only .
All deliveries are subject to recipient being available to receive orders.
All deliveries are subject to reschedule.
All deliveries are subject to the following sales, payments and delivery terms only.
All deliveries are to be made in the back of the shop.
All deliveries are to be made through outside door to kitchen.
All deliveries are to customers ground floor entrance only.
All deliveries come in an unmarked package and require a signature.
All deliveries exist to be performed in a fluid motion of grace.
All deliveries require a valid major credit card.
All deliveries require signature.
All deliveries require the recipient's signature.
All delivery dates and times are subject to truck availability.
All delivery dates listed are approx.
All delivery dates quoted are approximate only.
All delivery is free.
All delivery points outside Southern California please call for shipment charges quotations.
Every delivery is a major event in the lives of the people involved.
Every delivery requires a signature upon delivery.
Most deliveries are normal.
Most deliveries are overnight.
Most deliveries result in performance.
Most deliveries take place in a health facility, with the support of a skilled birth attendant.
Most deliveries travel via China.
Most delivery takes place either in the workplace or at a suitable off-site location.
Some deliveries cause death.
Some deliveries occur in phases.
A dell is a hollow
Dells are usually affordable and very reliable computers.
Delmarva businesses have priority over national ads.
Delphi code is available for all tutorials.
Delphi components are easy to write, so there are many available.
Delphi programmers are often both proud of the tool they use and eager to promote it.
Delphi technique is a group decision-making technique in which members never meet face to face.
A delphinium is a flower
Delphinium are the easiest and most beautiful of perennials that can be grown from seed.
Delphinium has no florets or they are full of holes.
Delphinium is a flower of the throat chakra.
Delphinium is another old garden favorite.
Delphinium is flat.
Delphinium is injured from early spring to early summer and again in late summer.
Delphinium is probably the favorite host.
Delphiniums are easy plants to grow.
Delphiniums are flowers.
Delphiniums are often call larkspurs.
Delphiniums are one of the hardiest perennials found in Northern Utah gardens.
Delphiniums are plants.
Delphiniums are such rapid growing perennials.
Delphiniums are very hardy and tolerant of frosts.
Delphiniums perform best in well-drained soils in full sun.
Delphiniums prefer a fertile, deeply prepared, well-drained soil and exposure to full sun.
Delphiniums provide a variety of colors over long periods in the summer.
Most delphiniums are annuals, so are some herbs, and peas and cereals.
Delta activities are flexible according to weather.
Delta Beach is the ideal base for waterfowling in Manitoba.
Delta blues guitar . . .
Delta blues open G tuning is exactly the same tuning that is the main tuning used in Hawaiian music.
Delta Burke tours some of the most romantic honeymoon spots around the world.
Delta cards come to our office and are distributed through campus mail.
Delta cards support all computer platforms and major software programs.
Delta cells are more difficult to demonstrate.
Delta cells produce somatostatin.
Delta cells secrete the hormone somatostatin, which inhibits insulin and glucagon secretion.
Delta County fall color tour.
Delta County has many great places to eat from fine dining to casual to fast food.
Delta County has modern school buildings with the latest in technology.
Delta County has the last fully self funded indemnity health insurance plans.
Delta County is home for a community of people who know how to work together to accomplish dreams.
Delta County is primarily a coal mining and agricultural region.
Delta County is served by three airports.
Delta County offers a mild climate with warm dry summers and moderate winters.
Delta D is the change of each of the properties combined.
Delta hedging enables a firm writing options to control the riskiness of their position.
Delta lakes are shallow.
Delta planes have elevons that serve as both ailerons and elevators.
Delta rockets can boost five satellites per launch.
Delta sleep is also the time period where a person's body repairs itself.
Delta sleep is more prevalent in the first third of the night.
Delta sleep is the stage of sleep where our bodies obtain the most physical restorative effect.
Delta t is change in time.
Delta t is the integration time step of long time scaled motions.
Delta t is the length of the time slice.
Delta theta is the bend angle measured using the SWDCs.
Delta time requires some explanation.
Delta v is right on the curve.
A delta wave is a natural phenomenon
Delta waves are abnormal in the awake adult.
Delta waves are high in amplitude and slow in frequency.
Delta waves are present in awake infants and in deeply sleeping adults.
Delta waves are the slowest brain waves.
Delta waves begin to appear.
A delta wing is a plane
Delta wings are the best kites for very light winds.
Delta wings are triangles .
Delta wings are triangles.
A delta is a formation
A delta is an alluvion
Delta accommodates the seating requirements of customers with certain types of disabilities.
Delta attempts to process all claims within a reasonable processing time.
Delta blames the shutdown on losses.
Delta can be measure by antigen or antibody.
Delta carries more passengers than any other airline in the world.
Delta charges a fee for on-board oxygen service.
Delta claims the jackets indicate some special authority.
Delta continues to be at the forefront of all major programs focused on helping all humankind.
Delta distributes tickets for their own flights.
Delta faces other challenges.
Delta flies between New York and Istanbul.
Delta is always positive.
Delta is among airlines training flight attendants to operate the units in flight.
Delta is current on shots, but was found to be heartworm positive.
Delta is on the rise.
Delta is one of the cities that make up the Greater Vancouver Regional District.
Delta is one of the fastest growing industrial areas in the Greater Vancouver Region.
Delta is one of the five partner airline owners of that site.
Delta is one of the least unionized airlines.
Delta is one the greatest growing industrial areas in the Greater Vancouver region.
Delta is ready when they are.
Delta isa formation.
Delta isa sediment.
Delta looks solid.
Delta loves people and is good with other dogs.
Delta loves to fly and it shows.
Delta measures a portfolio's linear exposure to an underlier .
Delta moves up Atlanta-based airline rises to third in quality.
Delta offers more upgrade choices for travel in North America than any other airline.
Delta offers rapid response to any incoming tips.
Delta prides itself on the quality of all our products.
Delta produces faucets that are both stylish and practical.
Delta provides knowledge and service in the area of recruiting and human resource consultation.
Delta provides service from Atlanta.
Delta provides wheelchair assistance without charge.
Delta publishes special patient rights and responsibilities .
Delta reports that it is so busy with commercial contracts that diving has had to take a back seat.
Delta reserves the right to deny boarding to passengers without proper documentation.
Delta reserves the right to deny boarding to passengers without the proper documentation.
Delta reserves the right to terminate the Delta frequent flyer program with six months' notice.
Delta responds to shouts from the crowd.
Delta sells quality automatic transmission parts to the retail and wholesale transmission rebuilder.
Delta summarizes both the concept of mean return and volatility in one number.
Delta Works for another major waterworks project in the Netherlands.
Delta works with schools and other agencies to overcome the barriers.
Deltas are aircrafts.
Deltas are areas of built up from soil dumped when a river empties into a lake or ocean.
Deltas are equilateral triangles.
Deltas are found at the mouth of large rivers - for example, the Mississippi.
Deltas are found throughout the world, except at the poles.
Deltas are geologically young landforms.
Deltas are incredibly important to the human geography of a region.
Deltas are letters.
Deltas are natural sites of agricultural development.
Deltas are natural things.
Deltas are number one in scholarship.
Deltas are of built up from soil being dumped when a river empties into a lake or ocean.
Deltas are positive for calls, and negative for puts.
Deltas are regions of rapid and significant change in their surface form.
Deltas are rockets.
Deltas are sand.
Deltas are sand-rich and can be braided, just like braided streams.
Deltas are similar to baseball averages.
Deltas are some of the largest and most active areas on the sun.
Deltas are the differences between the future and baseline periods.
Deltas are typical on coastlines with large rivers.
Deltas are usually fan-shaped deposits of sediment that form where currents slow at a river's mouth.
Deltas are very rich in nutrients.
Deltas are where the largest volume of Earth's mud is deposited.
Deltas are women who identify with women's ideals.
Deltas contain very rich soil that is ideal for farming.
Deltas fly in a forward direction.
Deltas gradually build outward, forming a very flat surface just barely above sea level.
Deltas have a fairly flat section called a delta plain that is above water.
Deltas have a rich accumulation of silt, so they are usually fertile agricultural areas.
Deltas provide habitats.
Deltas provide seasonal habitats.
Deltas provide unique habitat at the point where fresh and salt water mix.
Deltas often change in size based on ocean and river currents.
Deltas usually form in one of three ways.
Many Deltas collect elephants because one of our founding sorors loved to do just that.
Most deltas provide habitats.
Most deltas provide seasonal habitats.
Some deltas are very large.
Some deltas can actually be inland.
Some deltas have growth.
DeltaCare programs provide rigorous controls to assure quality care.
Deluded confusion disappears.
Deluge isa phenomenon.
Delusions of grandeur are dangerous on such a scale.
Delusions of grandeur are false beliefs of one's greatness or abilities.
Delusion arises from anger.
Delusion can be exceedingly dangerous.
Delusion covers everything from daydreaming through actual hallucinations.
Delusion has only the uppercase alphabet, numbers and basic punctuation.
Delusion is a cause for the origination of actions.
Delusion is a stock in trade for the occult arts.
Delusion is an advanced stage of illusion.
Delusion is at an all-time high.
Delusion is better than politics.
Delusion is deception.
Delusion is eternal.
Delusion is ignorance.
Delusion is misconception
Delusion is misconception.
Delusion is symptoms.
Delusion is the blight of mankind.
Delusion is the nature of ordinary beings.
Delusion is the root cause of many problems in life.
Delusion sets in.
Delusions are a common symptom of sever forms of mental illnesses such as schizophrenia.
Delusions are a reported side effect of Paxil.
Delusions are a serious error in thinking, but true beliefs have a high truth-value.
Delusions are about the person s own experience, reflecting culture and the times.
Delusions are as necessary to our happiness as realities.
Delusions are common among individuals with schizophrenia.
Delusions are commonplace within the sphere of medicine too.
Delusions are dangerous because of the way in which they exist outside reality.
Delusions are defined as thoughts about unreal situations.
Delusions are false beliefs or misperceptions of the world.
Delusions are false beliefs that are irrational and resist refutation.
Delusions are false beliefs that have no basis in reality.
Delusions are false beliefs that significantly hinder a person's ability to function.
Delusions are false beliefs that usually involve a misinterpretation of perceptions or experiences.
Delusions are firmly held beliefs that persist despite strong evidence to the contrary.
Delusions are nothing, for a delusion is without foundation.
Delusions are often functional.
Delusions are resistant to reason.
Delusions are thoughts - fixed false beliefs.
Delusions are typically persecutory or grandiose, or both.
Delusions are unshakeable beliefs which are obviously untrue.
Delusions are very complex.
Delusions contain a multitude of lies.
Delusions involve faulty thinking, and hallucinations involve faulty perceptions.
Delusions involve imagining that someone wants to harm the person or are very complex .
Delusions involve imagining that someone wants to harm the person or are very complex.
Delusions is currently booking shows all across the Midwest and a trip to New York is in the works.
Delusions occur in either phase.
Delusions occur in most people with schizophrenia.
Delusion often persists despite being presented with logic.
Delusions often follow or accompany the hallucinations.
Delusional beliefs have much in common with other beliefs or prejudices.
Delusional disorder is a mental disturbance
Delusional disorders are underdiagnosed, resulting in poor anticipation of their implications.
Delusional patients are commonly angry people, and thus they are perceived as threatening.
Delusional stalkers are very difficult to shake off.
Delusional stalkers have little, if any, contact with their victims.
Delusions of grandeur is delusion.
Some deluxe accommodations offer a separate parlor area divided by a partial wall.
Most deluxe cabins have a microwave, TV and linens are often provided.
All deluxe hotels have swimming pools while some even have health spas.
Some deluxe hotels have bars, dance floors and cabaret shows.
Deluxe model offers metal underplay for quick, accurate, stone measurement.
All deluxe models come with one large, easy lift out tray with moveable dividers.
Most deluxe resorts have marinas with pontoon and water mice boats.
All deluxe rooms enjoy the sea view.
All deluxe rooms have an ocean view, living room and balcony.
Many deluxe rooms have balconies overlooking the Arno River.
Some deluxe rooms are available.
All deluxe suites have whirlpool tubs.
Some deluxe suites are also available.
Some deluxe suites are available.
All deluxe taxis are black so it is easy to distinguish between deluxe and medium taxis.
More deluxe units are available.
Dem dogs run lak lightnin', and dey'd catch dem rabbits, too.
Dem people dey too ungrateful Nobody remember.
Dem plastic farks an' knifs.
Dem shell go clean to Sandy Island.
Dem swords glisen' like stars.
Dem thing are a lie.
Dem trolls are easy to spot.
A demagogue is a politician
Demagogues appeal to the uneducated or uninformed.
Demagogues are in full cry.
Demagogues are much happier yelling at each other than actually solving problems.
Demagogues are politicians.
Demagogues certainly do.
Demagogues cry out against the greed of capitalists intent upon preserving scarcity.
Demagogues make a good living off the gullible.
Demagogues pride themselves on what they call their victories over economics.
Demagoguery is appeal
Demagoguery is now meaningless since the concrete evidence has been brought out into the daylight.
Demagoguery plays well on television, offering easy answers to difficult problems.
Demagogy is appeal
Demagogy is used as a sedative.
Demand curve shifts down, the price falls.
Demand curves measure the marginal benefits of buying an additional good or service.
Demand curves slope down from left to right.
All demand curves are downwards sloping.
A demand deposit is a bank deposit
Demand deposits are cheques.
Demand drafts are a large and growing payment mechanism.
Demand elasticity limits the pricing practices of industries and firms.
Demand forecasting remains an inexact science.
Demand growth drives expansion opportunity.
Demand growth drives opportunity.
Demand letters are about to be sent threatening additional court action.
Some demand letters threaten a lawsuit.
A demand loan is a loan
Demand loans are the first to be impacted.
Demand management is critical in a supply chain involving multiple companies.
Demand management is nothing new for specialties like pediatrics.
Demand management is one approach proposed to solve the problem.
Demand management is people management.
Demand management is the process of empowering patients to make wiser health care decisions.
Demand management sounds great in theory, and there is now research that supports the advantages.
Demand printing is a true printing paradigm shift.
Demand reduction includes resources for treatment, prevention, education, and research.
Demand reduction is an integral part of Pakistan's five-year master plan for drug control.
Demand reduction is the key.
Demand response involves a requested pick-up from a rider.
Demand response is a reduction in demand designed to reduce peak demand or avoid system emergencies.
Demand theory provides a bridge between cash flow management and the capital investment decision.
Demand already exceeds supply and continues to gain ground.
Demand already exceeds supply.
Demand also affects coffee prices.
Demand also appears to be strong, helping to keep prices firm in the short term.
Demand also figures in.
Demand also increase the cost of the facility.
Demand also is high for energy-related tubular products.
Demand also peaks within the day.
Demand also plays a role in pricing special premiums and booth packages.
Demand appears strong.
Demand appears to be bumping up against available supply.
Demand appears to be quite strong.
Demand appears, still, to be insatiable.
Demand becomes more sensitive to prices changes as time progresses, c.p.
Demand begins for a V-chip to block out violent TV programming.
Demand begins to accelerate and the size of the total market expands rapidly.
Demand can be an enemy of response time and uptime.
Demand can be greater than supply on a year round basis.
Demand can exceed supply for two main reasons.
Demand can go up if people want the product more or if people have more money to spend.
Demand can increase significantly during the summer due to outdoor water use.
Demand can vary by season, time of day, etc.
Demand can vary worldwide with the economy and with weather.
Demand causes a market even for embarrassingly bad, rough examples like the left coin.
Demand changes in our educational system to improve the quality of the work force.
Demand changes in the way our Vets who made it home are treated.
Demand clearly exceeds supply.
Demand comes from previous production.
Demand comes next.
Demand consistently outstrips supply.
Demand continues good for feeder cattle and stocker steers.
Demand continues good for replacement and feeder cows.
Demand continues to be good on Strawberries from California, but the market is starting to climb.
Demand continues to be high for subjects of study, and full-time courses recruit to target overall.
Demand continues to be strong for quality drafters.
Demand continues to be strong in all areas.
Demand continues to be strong.
Demand continues to grow.
Demand continues to increase as the herb rises in popularity.
Demand continues to increase in international markets.
Demand continues to increase in line with the upsurge in economic activity.
Demand continues to look good.
Demand continues to outstrip supply.
Demand continues to rise, while every major oil field in the U.S. is declining.
Demand continues to rise.
Demand continues to skyrocket.
Demand continues today for broadly educated, culturally competent people.
Demand continues, albeit at a slower pace, for ultrasound and x-ray equipment.
Demand contributes to creation of additional PSLs for men's basketball.
Demand controls .
Demand creates demand in an apparently infinite ascending spiral.
Demand creates supply.
Demand Curves A change in price never shifts the demand curve for that good.
Demand deposits Checking accounts that pay no interest and can be withdrawn upon demand.
Demand determines the value.
Demand determines value.
Demand drives free markets and industrial expansion.
Demand drives supply rather than supply driving demand.
Demand drives supply.
Demand drives the amount of hams processed.
Demand drives the market place and consumer choices have absolutely everything to do with supply.
Demand drives the process.
Demand drives the real estate market.
Demand equals new devices.
Demand equals supply.
Demand estimates for the metro lines and an integrated system of feeder buses.
Demand eventually begets supply.
Demand exceeds numbers of graduates from the program.
Demand exceeds production year after year.
Demand exceeds supply and opportunities are available worldwide.
Demand exceeds supply by far.
Demand exceeds supply for both meat and breeding stock.
Demand exceeds supply in nine out of ten allied health fields.
Demand exceeds supply of engineering graduates, both regionally and nationally.
Demand exceeds supply.
Demand exists for recyclable commodities.
Demand exists in the international markets for both durum and aestivum varieties of wheat.
Demand exists near and far.
Demand explodes for librarians with high-tech skills .
Demand falls further, and deflation sets in.
Demand falls, supply grows, and prices drop.
Demand far exceeds supply for the right information technology talent.
Demand far exceeds supply.
Demand far exceeds the quotas and people have to wait endlessly before obtaining the visa.
Demand far exceeds the supply.
Demand far outstrips our ability to supply.
Demand fluctuates with the real rate of interest.
Demand generally falls in the second quarter as the world's thirst for heating oil abates.
Demand goes down during the day and back up again in the early evening.
Demand goes down, price goes down.
Demand goes down, supply goes up, prices plunge.
Demand goes up, price goes up.
Demand goes up, supply is restricted, prices go up.
Demand grows for alternitive certification.
Demand grows for DVD players .
Demand grows in Europe for Porcelain factories.
Demand has browsers.
Demand has out-paced supply for at least the last six years.
Demand has to be strong to push prices up enough to offset cost increases.
Demand has to come first before supply follows.
Demand includes the average forcasted usage per month.
Demand increases as average skill level increases.
Demand increases due to a rise in income.
Demand increases during income tax season.
Demand increases for Latin American coffee.
Demand increases price.
Demand increases well above that average have been recorded in some developing countries.
Demand increases with activity and decreases in sedentary times.
Demand induces supply.
Demand is a key variable in setting up an inventory system.
Demand is a matter of quantity.
Demand is a measure used by economists to evaluate markets.
Demand is a more precise concept.
Demand is a request
Demand is a valid factor in book selection.
Demand is a valid factor in materials selection.
Demand is activities.
Demand is again high for our seminar.
Demand is ahead of supply.
Demand is already overwhelming.
Demand is also age and income related, and is thus governed by changing demographics.
Demand is also great in the residential sector.
Demand is also highly variable within the day, causing great fluctuations in hourly prices.
Demand is also strong for liquid dishwashing detergents and specialty fertilizers.
Demand is also very high in North Carolina.
Demand is always consistent with universal law.
Demand is anticipated to be great, so sign up early.
Demand is as strong as it's been in a long time.
Demand is assigned to vehicles of various modes, and vehicles are assigned to the network.
Demand is at an all-time high because of easy CD software installation and data archiving.
Demand is at an all-time high.
Demand is based on the total number of occupied room nights.
Demand is best for speciality items.
Demand is better for the qualified and experienced.
Demand is blah.
Demand is calculated using household income figures.
Demand is comprised of three things.
Demand is computed as production minus net exports.
Demand is concentrated on centrally located one and two bedroom apartments.
Demand is currently much greater than supply.
Demand is cyclical and varies by region.
Demand is definitely up.
Demand is Demand whether by case or bottle.
Demand is dependent on the price of oil and on government fiscal policy.
Demand is derived from consumers' tastes and and bound by their income.
Demand is determined as follows.
Demand is dismal.
Demand is down and so are prices.
Demand is down right now due to the increased availability of full text documents online.
Demand is down.
Demand is driven by addiction and poverty.
Demand is driven by demographics and population growth.
Demand is driven by general economic activity.
Demand is driven by the economy.
Demand is dynamic and behaves peculiarly, depending on the direction and frequency of price changes.
Demand is easier to build when such relationships exist.
Demand is easier to generate where the benefits are both tangible and personally relevant.
Demand is elastic when a small change in price effects a large change in demand.
Demand is especially high in the tax and health care areas.
Demand is estimated for the remainder of the year and the following year.
Demand is expressed in kilowatts.
Demand is extremely high for storage food.
Demand is fair domestically and loads are still being shipped to export accounts.
Demand is fair to good, mostly fair.
Demand is fair to good.
Demand is fair to improved.
Demand is fair with the best interest being expressed by cheese facilities.
Demand is fair, being best for process and Mozzarella.
Demand is fair, but the lower prices are sparking some demand.
Demand is fairly good.
Demand is far below the potential for the state, but it is better now than ten years ago.
Demand is far exceeding supply, so finding one on store shelves is akin to spotting a unicorn.
Demand is far greater than supply.
Demand is fierce for graduates with engineering technology and business management skills.
Demand is fierce.
Demand is finite.
Demand is flat and declining.
Demand is for data.
Demand is forecast to be strong through the second quarter.
Demand is generally heavy.
Demand is generally moderate.
Demand is generally somewhat weaker, caused by weakness in the international economies.
Demand is given in pounds.
Demand is good for all varieties.
Demand is good from blenders and cheese operations.
Demand is great.
Demand is greater for smoke-free rooms.
Demand is greater than cultivated supply.
Demand is greater than supply of graduating engineers.
Demand is greater than supply.
Demand is greater when the supply is lowest.
Demand is greatest for fund-raisers.
Demand is greatest for mid-level executives.
Demand is harder to eradicate where shahtoosh has a historical and cultural value.
Demand is heavy in summer and permits limited.
Demand is heavy, particularly during the spring and summer months.
Demand is heavy, so it is advisable to book several days in advance.
Demand is heavy.
Demand is held constant by enforcing compulsory school attendance to the age of sixteen.
Demand is high and jobs are available nationwide.
Demand is high and our energy supply is limited.
Demand is high and our supply is limited.
Demand is high and places strictly limited.
Demand is high and projected to grow.
Demand is high and seats are limited.
Demand is high and space is limited, so register early.
Demand is high and space is limited, so register now.
Demand is high and space is limited.
Demand is high and supplies are limited.
Demand is high and supplies are low.
Demand is high and supply is low in certain areas.
Demand is high and supply is low.
Demand is high as evidenced by an explosion of cybercaf s in Kampala over the last year.
Demand is high as the Olympics, the dot-coms and politicians vie for TV airtime.
Demand is high at the end of the semester.
Demand is high because fewer people are growing their own vegetables.
Demand is high every year, so be quick.
Demand is high for cameras in mint condition.
Demand is high for captive orcas.
Demand is high for engineers with optical training, particularly in California.
Demand is high for high spec.
Demand is high for many different specialties.
Demand is high for our graduates.
Demand is high for some time blocks.
Demand is high for Web-savvy technologists, and it's growing.
Demand is high for wireless services.
Demand is high locally for trained workers.
Demand is high though.
Demand is high, and our placement rate is second to none.
Demand is high, and they hope to maintain profit margins without dramatically improving service.
Demand is high, but enrollment is extremely limited.
Demand is high, but imports are coming in at a high rate, so supplies keep on rising.
Demand is high, but supply is low.
Demand is high, prices have risen, and anything affordable gets snapped up quickly.
Demand is high, so it is always best to book early.
Demand is high, so reserve early.
Demand is high, supply is low hence the high price.
Demand is high.
Demand is higher than supply.
Demand is highest for computer science, electrical and computer engineering seniors.
Demand is huge and getting huger, as media channels continue to expand.
Demand is huge and growing.
Demand is huge and, anyway, they often make press people pay.
Demand is huge there.
Demand is huge, but infrastructure problems are enormous, a new study reports.
Demand is huge.
Demand is increased by raising public awareness, so replacing the stock becomes harder.
Demand is increasingly for more and broader skills, to the detriment of unskilled workers.
Demand is increasingly high for healthy, diversified, rice-based, convenience foods.
Demand is incredible.
Demand is inelastic.
Demand is insatiable.
Demand is just mind-boggling.
Demand is just re-emerging.
Demand is just too great to be fulfilled without a large component of traditional lumber products.
Demand is just tremendous.
Demand is likely to be higher than supply.
Demand is likely to come from auto manufacturing and the repair of the nation's roadways.
Demand is likely to continue to be heavy in Southern California over the next few days.
Demand is likely to increase.
Demand is likely to remain generally lackluster with certain pockets showing good demand.
Demand is limited, and there has been little cross-over appeal to the general population.
Demand is low.
Demand is made for payment within the next ten days.
Demand is measured in thousands of watts.
Demand is measured over a given time period.
Demand is modeled as a continuous time stochastic process.
Demand is modelled in the discrete choice framework.
Demand is moderate.
Demand is more elastic in the long run than in the short run.
Demand is mostly contractual and most spot needs are being filled via the resale market.
Demand is multi-faceted.
Demand is necessary to base action for recovery of illegal taxes paid under protest.
Demand is obviously an important factor in evaluating programs and courses in the university.
Demand is often heavy, so early booking is advisable.
Demand is one of the most important determinants of a coin s value.
Demand is particularly positive in our industrial division.
Demand is particularly strong at telecommunications companies.
Demand is particularly strong for cellular phones, notebook PCs, and portable audio-visual devices.
Demand is particularly strong in consulting, Internet, and financial institutions.
Demand is particularly strong in Southeast Asia and southern China.
Demand is particularly weak for domestic and luxury cars but sales of used cars picked up.
Demand is perfectly inelastic.
Demand is probably the main reason.
Demand is produced by a combination of population and the economy.
Demand is projected to rise among top importers in Asia, Africa, and the Middle East.
Demand is provided in pounds for the major types and markets of adhesives.
Demand is quite high for coursework in environmental studies to upgrade current employee skills.
Demand is rationals.
Demand is relatively inconsistent.
Demand is release of our prisoners.
Demand is relevant to economic growth only as a symbol of real productive contributions.
Demand is reported to be trivial which is contributing to the falling market.
Demand is requests.
Demand is right.
Demand is satisfactory, but for the wrong reasons.
Demand is shown in the darker green, and marginal revenue in the lighter.
Demand is significantly higher than available program funds.
Demand is significantly higher though.
Demand is sizable and the market can be penetrated if low costs, high quality work is offered.
Demand is so far exceeding supply.
Demand is so great that a second boat was recently launched.
Demand is so great that some pharmacies have had trouble keeping the product in stock.
Demand is so great, the kitchen is now open every day and sometimes runs out of the regular meal.
Demand is so high for some resort property that prices are increasing at double-digit rates.
Demand is so high that new condominiums are being built and sold within five months of construction.
Demand is so high that tickets are sold off months in advance.
Demand is so robust that they are months behind in filling their orders.
Demand is specified as quantity being a function of price.
Demand is stable or increasing slowly.
Demand is stable, but an increasing percentage of output is being sold as premium items.
Demand is steady to improving.
Demand is steady, while aluminum supply is constricting.
Demand is steady.
Demand is still good except for some exports.
Demand is still good, but mostly for small stones.
Demand is still growing, it says.
Demand is still high.
Demand is still inadequate and prices are weak.
Demand is still limited, however, and entirely met by imports.
Demand is still strong and sales data show an upward movement in prices.
Demand is still strong at that higher price.
Demand is still weak as many companies are still downsizing.
Demand is still weak.
Demand is stimulated for specific furniture brands and products.
Demand is stimulated to a large degree by U.S. agricultural policy.
Demand is strong and growing for interactive maps on web sites.
Demand is strong and supply is fairly limited, so landlords are able to get new tenants to agree.
Demand is strong and the supply plentiful.
Demand is strong for best packers and fryers.
Demand is strong for booth space at arts fairs and smaller church or school bazaars.
Demand is strong for commodities, and there's a physical constraint on supply, particularly for oil.
Demand is strong for generators for emergency power supplies.
Demand is strong for graduates with specialist knowledge of multimedia applications.
Demand is strong for orchardgrass, and United States buyers are short on supply.
Demand is strong for scrap iron and for various fittings taken from the ships.
Demand is strong from homeowners, sports facilities and landscapers of industrial parks.
Demand is strong in agriculture, construction, real estate and insurance, among other fields.
Demand is strong in all business units, driven by robust growth in the communication segment.
Demand is strong while supplies are tight.
Demand is strong with orders flowing in at a record-breaking pace.
Demand is strong, and fishmeal is being sold as soon as it is available.
Demand is strong, but users have become more comfortable in dealing with tight supplies.
Demand is strong, but weekly exports have been variable.
Demand is strong, inventory is low and there have been multiple offer situations on new listings.
Demand is strong.
Demand is strongest in Calgary and Toronto.
Demand is subject to power factor adjustment.
Demand is synonymous with bullish, bulls and buying.
Demand is the amount of a good that consumers are willing and able to buy at a given price.
Demand is the amount of goods or services that people want.
Demand is the amount of goods that people want to buy at a given price .
Demand is the amount of goods that people want to buy at a given price.
Demand is the demand curve itself.
Demand is the key to developing Scotland's Broadband infrastructure.
Demand is the key word.
Demand is the maximum amount agent willing to pay for a resource ii.
Demand is the natural phenomenon for the progress and prosperity.
Demand is the real standard of value.
Demand is the unknown now.
Demand is There.
Demand is to be satisfied with a single product.
Demand is unbelievable.
Demand is up .
Demand is up as a result of the healthy economy and increased business and leisure travel.
Demand is up for natural gas to fuel new power plants.
Demand is up for services that help crews extract more gas and oil from existing sources.
Demand is up for textiles.
Demand is up slightly from last year.
Demand is up too.
Demand is up, so more room is needed.
Demand is up, supply is down and the basic laws of economics take over.
Demand is up.
Demand is urgent.
Demand is usually a lagging indicator of economic activity.
Demand is very high for some items, so please always reserve before sending payment.
Demand is very high for students to serve.
Demand is very high making it somewhat easy for beginners to get their foot in the door.
Demand is very high.
Demand is very poor.
Demand is very strong - just as business is global so too is retail.
Demand is very, very high.
Demand is way down.
Demand is weak with rents and prices remaining low.
Demand is weakest for the south central part of the country and the southwest.
Demand keeps going up and up.
Demand keeps growing.
Demand keeps picking-up, especially from the Far East.
Demand keeps Start setting after a restart.
Demand means that support is available to customers on demand.
Demand needs to be restrained to meet available supply until supply can be increased.
Demand normally goes up around the Memorial Day weekend, about the time that donations ebb a bit.
Demand now outstrips supply.
Demand offset program.
Demand outstripping supply equals higher oil prices, most noticeably at the gas pump.
Demand picks up.
Demand pull inflation - Occurs when aggregate demand exceeds aggregate supply.
Demand pull production - it means to produce when the order is received.
Demand really depends upon experience and willingness to learn new things.
Demand refers to a list of quantities and prices.
Demand refers to the quantity of a good that is demanded by consumers at any given price.
Demand reflects an individual's willingness to buy various quantities of a good at various prices.
Demand remains firm and containerboard supplies are tight.
Demand remains firm and containerboard supply now more closely matches demand.
Demand remains flat and the people struggle on, locked into a stubborn recession.
Demand remains good for light numbers of feeder cattle.
Demand remains good for most areas.
Demand remains good for most reporting areas.
Demand remains good for thin stockers.
Demand remains high for broadband services.
Demand remains high for information technology workers.
Demand remains high.
Demand remains solid.
Demand remains strong for buildings available to purchase.
Demand remains strong for clerical workers in a variety of industries and for health care workers.
Demand remains strong for technology workers at all levels.
Demand remains strong for the company's drive products, and the pricing environment is favorable.
Demand remains strong.
Demand remains too weak for current levels of production.
Demand remains very strong for new rentals throughout much of the country.
Demand remains weak even for the consumer sector.
Demand represents a boundary for consumer behavior.
Demand rises and falls as the economy goes through cycles.
Demand rises and supply falls.
Demand rises and supply is constant.
Demand rises and supply rises.
Demand runs hot and cold for network communications workers.
Demand seems relatively even through the state.
Demand seems to be down.
Demand seems to be high.
Demand seems to grow exponentially.
Demand seems to have dropped since then as captive bred stock has become available.
Demand seems to have started to rebound, as exports orders start to rise again.
Demand seems to ultimately drive the antiquarian book market.
Demand shifts down due to the price of chicken decreasing.
Demand shifts right, price and quantity increase.
Demand shifts to the right.
Demand shifts up due to the price of lettuce decreasing.
Demand soars well beyond that.
Demand stays surprisingly strong.
Demand still outstrips supply.
Demand surges during disasters or military operations.
Demand takes several forms.
Demand tends to be highest in summer, when water supplies are usually lowest.
Demand tends to follow supply.
Demand transcends political boundaries and permeates all levels of society.
Demand valve out.
Demand varies according to port.
Demand varies for the information that state agencies sell.
Demand varies greatly throughout the year and over time.
Demand varies too by geography.
Demand varies with suppressible muscle activity.
Demand varies with the seasons.
Demand varies with the time of year, nature of the opportunity and economic factors.
Demands are a complete turnoff.
Demands are a major source of stress.
Demands are a source of strength, especially when they are unrealistic.
Demands are diffuse, ownership is highly pluralized, the market guides decisions.
Demands are either express or implied.
Demands are enormous.
Demands are great.
Demands are limited.
Demands are mostly in outlying areas.
Demands are rapid in a feverish society bursting at the seems.
Demands are tremendous sources of stress.
Demands become threats.
Demands can be minuscule and numerous or monumental and sparse.
Demands can take the form of a bill of rights, a list of grievances, consumer needs, and contracts.
Demands come from all sectors of staff and student life.
Demands compassionate nonviolent action as the means for social change.
Demands continually increase on good quality ground water resources.
Demands continue to mount while supplies continue to dwindle.
Demands exceeds capacity and delays occur.
Demands fall into two broad categories, substantive and procedural .
Demands here are high.
Demands increase with each level.
Demands now go beyond body preparation and public health protection.
Demands pile up.
Demands provoke resistance.
Demands sets price.
Demand always catches up with capacity.
Demand always drives supply.
Demand always grows to the supply of roads.
Demand always tends to outrun supply, and needs grow constantly more complex.
Demand Always try to choose an area where there is a good market for rental property.
Demand often drives purchase.
Demand often exceeds supply, so request an application as soon as possible.
Demand usually comes from the client's association with a multinational parent or business partners.
Demand usually exceeds supply.
All demands ire regarded as 'Encroachments'.
Every demand comes to man from the outside.
Every demand is met.
Many demands are places on the shoulders of the job shop finishing professional.
Many demands can create a hectic job.
More demand equals higher prices.
More demand means a more secure future.
More demand means new supplies have to be found.
More demand requires more supply.
More demands bring on more stress.
Most demand is from industrial and retail companies.
Most demand is the screening services.
More demanding material is necessary, but make it relevant.
More demanding visitors are also well catered for with medium to luxury hotels.
Demandings is requestings.
Demantoid garnets have characteristic inclusions that look like horsetails.
A demarcation line is a boundary
Demarcation lines are vaguely, or badly, defined, possibly leading to unnecessary conflict.
Demarcation is a boundary
Demarcation is a necessary step in the investigation of scientific theories.
Demarcation Shades off imperceptibly into surrounding normal enamel.
A demarche is a move
Demarches also occur at different levels.
Demarches are moves.
Demarches are often precursors to hostilities or war.
Demeanor gives it all away.
Demeanor is a trait
Demeanor is a very important part of the presentation.
Demeanor is behavior.
Demeanor is traits.
Demeanor refers to a person's bearing ,or behavior towards others.
Demented gunmen roam the land.
Demented laughter resonates throughout and nearly conceals a chilling range of piteous screams.
Demented patients are more likely to respond to low-dose antipsychotics than to benzodiazepines.
Demented patients are particularly vulnerable to developing delirium.
Demented patients don t understand complex speech.
Demented people are often over-sensitive to body language as verbal language declines.
Demented people are very vulnerable to psychosocial stressors and to physical stressors .
Dementia affects daily activities and social relationships.
Dementia affects different people in different ways.
Dementia affects people differently, depending on the area of the brain affected.
Dementia affects people differently.
Dementia alters our perceptions of space.
Dementia becomes common in the advanced stages of the disease.
Dementia becomes more common with age.
Dementia causes different symptoms and signs than delirium b.
Dementia causes many problems for the person who has it and for that person's family.
Dementia causes people to lose memory and daily physical functions.
Dementia constitutes a growing public health crisis.
Dementia denotes a chronic impairment in memory and cognitive abilities.
Dementia interferes with daily activities and social relationships.
Dementia involves chronic or persistent disorder of the mental processes.
Dementia involves damage of nerve cells in the brain, which can occur in several areas of the brain.
Dementia is chronic conditions.
Dementia is diseases.
Dementia is insanity
Dementia is insanity.
Dementia is more common in older people.
Dementia is neurological diseases.
Dementia occurs in the majority of cases.
Dementia presents a challenge both to the person with the diagnosis and to their family carers.
Dementia primarily affects older people.
Dementia refers to a loss of thinking abilities, especially memory.
Dementia results from distortion of the periventricular limbic system.
Dementia sets in.
Dementia tends to be a slow progressive illness, different than an acute event.
Some dementias are reversible.
Some dementias do have cures.
Some dementias respond to certain medications better than others.
Demerit points remain on a licence for three years from the date of the offence.
A demerit is quality
Demerits are easy to accumulate.
Demersal fish are bottom feeders .
Demersal fish are bottom feeders.
A demesne is a real estate
Demesne is always accessible.
Demi bra features a diagonal seam topped in lace.
Demigod is a leader
Many demigods use celestial bronze weapons.
A demilitarized zone is a zone
Demilitarized zones are often beneficial for biodiversity, at least temporarily.
Demineralization allows bones to deform when bearing normal amounts of weight.
Demineralization is pathology
Demineralization is the number one problem in treatment.
Demise date is unknown.
Demisexual people are on the asexual spectrum .
Demisexual people are on the asexual spectrum.
Demo albums are always a risky proposition.
All demo applications use a very simple layout.
Demo cameras are also avaliable.
Demo CDs are available upon request.
Demo center offers samples.
Demo client can request simple element set names.
Demo clubs are available.
Demo code is a great communications vehicle for both parties.
Demo coders code software, the only difference is attitude.
Demo copies are available for members of the press.
Demo copies are available.
Demo data are available as well.
Demo days are here.
Demo derbies are acceptable on a submit basis.
Demo disk is available.
Demo disks are also available.
Demo disks are available by mail or files can be downloaded directly from the Internet.
Demo disks are available on loan.
Demo disks are available.
Demo disks are free for the asking.
Demo disks are helpful and trial periods often required.
All demo disks are in compressed form.
Demo diskettes are available free of charge.
Demo editions are freely available.
Demo fans can enjoy a large collection of the latest and hottest demos.
Demo file is in appropriate location and looks the same as others.
Demo files are available on request.
Demo files are self-extracting executables.
Demo games are available for downloading and full versions can be ordered online.
Many demo groups exist who're producing quality stuff.
Demo installation is free.
Demo instructions are in Acrobat Format.
Demo launcher opens, with the demo for that product selected.
Demo limitations has been changed slightly, now it can decrypt larger files.
Demo links is obvious.
Demo listings are free .
Some demo movies are available.
Most demo names are of the form xxxdemo .
Demo packages are available.
Most demo pages require passwords in order to demonstrate how passwords can be used.
Demo products are also available at reduced rates with both plans.
Demo products are available for inspection.
Demo products are first-quality and unblemished.
Demo products including bikes are for demo only.
Demo programs are available for downloading.
Demo programs are available for each software product together with detailed datasheets.
Demo programs are available upon request.
Demo programs contain complete ordering information including pricing.
All demo programs print errors to stderr.
Demo project demonstrates using of all properties and methods of the component.
Demo project is attached to show how easy to drive it.
Demo racquets are available upon request.
Demo racquets are available.
Demo recording is initially off unless -d demoname is specified.
Demo reels promote artists and corporations.
Demo ride is available to competent adults.
Demo rides are available to non-pilot potential members.
Demo rides are available.
Demo rides are only available to residents of Australia, holding the appropriate motorcycle licence.
Demo rooms allow broadcasters to view video clips by other members.
Demo searches are available to listed lawyers and qualified firms.
Demo servers are available for immediate testing .
Most demo services have different people who do different things.
Demo skis are available for rent in our ski and snowboard retail shop.
Demo skis are available in season on a daily basis.
Demo software is available for download.
Demo software is available here as well as tech support information and online manuals.
Demo software is available.
All demo stuff is free to use.
Demo surveys are limited to five questions and twenty respondents.
Demo systems are available in the office for review.
Demo systems are available upon request.
Demo tapes are also available upon request and contain more selections.
Demo tapes are available on request.
Demo tapes are available.
Demo tapes work to an extent, but only if they manage to reach the right ears.
Demo times vary from a few days to several months.
Demo titles are available for download.
Demo units are available for download .
Demo units are available upon request.
Demo version allows two levels of play.
Demo version contains incomplete character set.
Demo version creates patches without passwords.
Demo version disables printing, saving and exporting capabilities.
Demo version has limited functionality, but is fully playable.
Demo version has same characteristics as the commercial.
Demo version has some different lyrics and a different sound to it.
Demo version has some functions disabled.
Demo version includes registration reminders.
Demo version is available for download.
Demo version is available on request.
Demo version is available.
Demo version is downloadable.
Demo version is free for use.
Demo version is free of charge, full version is granted to registered users after payment.
Demo version is free, and registration is required for full use.
Demo version is free.
Demo version is fully functional except that it only allows twenty seconds of playback.
Demo version is fully functional, but resets periodically and deletes the high score list.
Demo version is limited to playing only at the lowest difficulty level.
Demo version is limited to three texts.
Demo version is locked only in text input.
Demo version is one half the size of the full, registered version.
Demo version is only for half mile tracks unless purchasing updated version.
Demo version is save-disabled.
Demo version is unlocked to full version with registration key.
Demo version Send an SMS message now using our on-line demo.
Demo version submits to a limited number of sites.
Demo versions are also available for downloading from the site.
Demo versions are also available.
Demo versions are available for download here.
Demo versions are available for download.
Demo versions are available for downloading.
Demo versions are available for free download.
Demo versions are available on their web site.
Demo versions are available on-line.
Demo versions are available to download.
Demo versions are available.
Demo versions are downloadable from the site.
Demo versions are freely available from our site.
Demo versions are fully convertable upon purchase.
Demo versions are generally too limited in scope to justify the effort required to run a league.
Demo versions are operational executables.
Demo versions run with limited features.
Demo veterans tell their secrets .
Demo videos are also a given, with footage less than a year old.
A demo is visual communication
Demos are a very poor way of assessing a design.
Demos are a whole subject in themselves.
Demos are about showing off.
Demos are abundant and ripe.
Demos are also a way of involving students in hands-on involvement.
Demos are also available for download.
Demos are also available on the site.
Demos are also available.
Demos are an art form.
Demos are an obscure art form that have both mathematical and aesthetic qualities.
Demos are another source for evaluating a game.
Demos are available as well.
Demos are available by appointment only.
Demos are available for all product configurations.
Demos are available for both products.
Demos are available for download and most products can be purchased online.
Demos are available for download.
Demos are available for each package.
Demos are available for immediate download.
Demos are available for student, parent, faculty, and alumni accounts here .
Demos are available for the first two.
Demos are available from the web site.
Demos are available in the plugins directory.
Demos are available on the website.
Demos are available on their Web site.
Demos are available online.
Demos are available on-site.
Demos are available to use on the practice tee and course.
Demos are available upon request.
Demos are available via the demo page .
Demos are available.
Demos are availible upon request.
Demos are avalible where possible.
Demos are back, and updates are now available.
Demos are complete with narration, and can be viewed at any time, as many times as necessary.
Demos are computer graphics hobby work.
Demos are computer programs.
Demos are extremely high-pressure events because they either succeed or fail.
Demos are free and open to the public unless asterisked.
Demos are free but please call for reservation.
Demos are free to download.
Demos are full working versions of the product.
Demos are great, but nothing shows the user like using the actual program.
Demos are here .
Demos are here on-line for all software.
Demos are important.
Demos are interesting, but, hey, there's a woman in a bathing suit flitting in their periphery.
Demos are key in finding the registered few.
Demos are like events, but are staged for the benefit of people outside the group.
Demos are like that.
Demos are much more like a technical sketch in that sense.
Demos are nice but some of the tools have a bit of a learning curve.
Demos are now available for test rides in our Seattle show room.
Demos are organized into general topics.
Demos are probably the second least important of the events.
Demos are round-robin concerts, similar in principle to most festival workshops.
Demos are similar.
Demos are small versions of the full game.
Demos are temporary projects that are designed to demonstrate our capabilities.
Demos are the last bastion of passionate enthusiast-only programming.
Demos are thoroughly commercial with no sharing involved.
Demos are two hours long.
Demos are under the author's discretion.
Demos are usually right at the beginning.
Demos begin promptly on the scheduled hour, and last approximately forty minutes.
Demos can be beautiful.
Demos can be founder here .
Demos can be fun, especially if animation or dynamicism is going to help convey the concept.
Demos can be the first thing to show new people.
Demos cause failures.
Demos claim victory.
Demos conducts original research on the health of American democracy.
Demos consist of assembly, launching, sailing, and disassembly.
Demos pop up quicker.
Demos range from piloting a small remote submarine to performing a mock endoscopic surgery.
Demos seek to ease prescription drug costs.
Demos show automatic classification using combined text-visual features.
Demos welcome, or get news and order CDs online.
Demos often consist of animated presentations that describe or demonstrate the program's features.
All demos also come with a brief tutorial booklet and feature information.
All demos are for dos.
All demos are free to the public.
All demos are free with a lift ticket.
All demos are fully functioning but limited by the number of launches.
All demos are in zip format.
All demos are safe and easy, and they come with full explanations.
All demos are store kites and are in new condition.
All demos are the same as the full products, without the capability to analyze new cases.
All demos are to be run from the development environment after a debug compile.
All demos are welcome.
All demos come with extensive documentation.
All demos have full factory warranty.
All demos remain the property of their respective composers.
All demos use only ROM samples found in a stock unit.
All demos work only from the development environment with debugging active.
Every demo is indivualized to the strengths of the talent.
Many demos relate to chemistry in everyday life.
Many demos require particular drivers or extensions to work properly.
More demos are soon to come, so stop back often.
Most demos are available in regular or stiff shafts, and many in graphite as well.
Most demos are single-player only, but a select few demonstrate a game's multiplayer features.
Most demos wait for a keystroke or mouse click before terminating.
Some demos are available on their homepage.
Some demos are available online.
Some demos are available.
Some demos are quite large.
Some demos have video as well.
Some demos offer all the capabilities of the full version.
Some demos only work for a short period.
Demobilisation is a very expensive process but it's worth it.
Demobilisation is only possible on the basis of effective voluntary disarmament.
Demobilisation is social control
Demobilization can only begin once violence has ceased and a peace agreement has been reached.
Demobilization involves other complex issues.
Demobilization is a complicated operation which can only be undertaken after thorough consideration.
Demobilization is a risky enterprise, particularly in post-conflict scenarios.
Demobilization is more complicated than mobilization.
Demobilization is more than just turning in weapons.
Demobilization is social control
Demobilization is social control.
Demobilization returns firefighters to their home units to prepare for other fire assignments.
Demobilized soldiers get a special subsidy.
Democracy building is a very different enterprise than reconstituting a failed state.
Democracies also grant full rights to minorities, women, and workers.
Democracies also have the means to fight wars.
Democracies are always messy when they are working.
Democracies are as prone to censorship as any other political form.
Democracies are better able to reconcile their internal differences without violence.
Democracies are dangerously pacific.
Democracies are just too whiny.
Democracies are much less prone to violent conflicts.
Democracies are never prepared for war.
Democracies are peaceful.
Democracies are still too rare in our world, and they deserve support.
Democracies breed legitimacy.
Democracies can also move swiftly when it's necessary.
Democracies can and do disagree.
Democracies change, historically speaking, at a very fast pace.
Democracies correct mistakes sooner and more easily than do other systems.
Democracies define themselves in terms of a commitment to liberty and fundamental rights.
Democracies Differ All democracies have much in common, as do all people.
Democracies do require greater investments in the common people than authoritarian societies.
Democracies do, however, like to fight non-democracies.
Democracies don t attack each other.
Democracies expand participation to promote liberty.
Democracies face a particular and terrible challenge if their people live in great poverty.
Democracies fall into two basic categories, direct and representative.
Democracies fare no better.
Democracies live easier with each other.
Democracies make difficult decisions under the lash of necessity.
Democracies make peaceful neighbors and reliable trade partners.
Democracies oppose terrorism.
Democracies possess mostly an evolutionary language, but essentially, they rest on revolutions.
Democracies produce long-term economic growth, as well as social and political stability.
Democracies Really Are More Pacific.
Democracies respect individual liberties and human rights.
Democracies respect the rights of their own citizens, and also of others.
Democracies rest upon the principle of spirited public debate.
Democracies rise and fall for a variety of reasons.
Democracies seek security among themselves in cooperation rather than through deterrence.
Democracies vote about a government's policies once every two or four years.
Democracies work best without invisible men.
Democracies work in strange ways, but usually in the eyes of the beholders.
Democracies work through coalitions, achieved through compromises that are both moral and political.
Democracy accepts that people in political office are exposed to temptations.
Democracy acknowledges the right to differ as well as settle differences peacefully.
Democracy adopts a more diplomatic, a more prudent course.
Democracy allows all members of society to compete for the ruling position.
Democracy allows for contests between candidates.
Democracy allows for diversity and it demands tolerance.
Democracy allows individualism even radicalism but most people go along with the crowd.
Democracy allows that each be able to vote.
Democracy allows the individual to contribute to society through debate, speech, writing, etc.
Democracy allows voters the right to vote for their choice.
Democracy alone can best guarantee peace, understanding and cooperation among nations.
Democracy alone can put an end to wars.
Democracy already flourishes in countries with very different cultures and historical experiences.
Democracy also binds brothers to each other, but by very different means.
Democracy also insists that the law be equally, fairly and consistently enforced.
Democracy also promises that everyone is entitled to an equal voice in government.
Democracy also provides the surest route to prosperity.
Democracy also represents the ideal of justice.
Democracy also requires openness and responsiveness from officers.
Democracy also runs less risk of tyranny, because it disperses power.
Democracy amounts to little more than mob rule.
Democracy appears to be an exclusive club, where membership is for the powerful and elite.
Democracy appears to be at work.
Democracy are voices from the people that express different viewpoints and philosophies.
Democracy assumes that all men and women are created equal, under the law.
Democracy becomes a farcical facade for the abuse of power.
Democracy becomes dictatorship.
Democracy becomes inevitably Industrial democracy.
Democracy becomes legitimate and solid.
Democracy becomes less likely when it is a relationship amongst unequals.
Democracy begins in the communities and villages.
Democracy begins with a loud free voice.
Democracy begins with free and fair elections.
Democracy begins with respect for the individual and tolerance of individual differences.
Democracy breaks the chain and frees each link.
Democracy bubbles up from the bottom.
Democracy can be a bit scary.
Democracy can be a friend or a deadly weapon.
Democracy can be as open and dynamic as our public libraries.
Democracy can come later.
Democracy can contest corporate domination.
Democracy can never mean the domination of the crowd.
Democracy can only develop in a climate of political tolerance.
Democracy can only function if the institutions desired and recognised by the people are respected.
Democracy can only function properly if many citizens participate in the political process.
Democracy can only truly succeed in an environment of civility and respect.
Democracy can save itself only by becoming aristocratic.
Democracy can seem frustrating and messy at times, but it delivers.
Democracy can survive the premature call of an election.
Democracy can take it.
Democracy can work only when the public is informed.
Democracy carries a price.
Democracy celebrates the dignity of every human life through community, freedom, and responsibility.
Democracy combines elements of understanding, cooperation and compromise.
Democracy comes alive here as virtually every adult resident eventually serves in a town office.
Democracy comes in many forms.
Democracy comes in stages.
Democracy continues in our country, but some abuse it today.
Democracy continues to make major strides.
Democracy creates an enduring political climate of stability.
Democracy creates constitutions.
Democracy creates space to do a lot of things, sometimes bad things, dangerous things.
Democracy definitely makes for a weaker nation, particularly when it's small.
Democracy degenerates in dictatorship.
Democracy demands a system of checks and balances.
Democracy demands an informed nation to succeed.
Democracy demands conflict.
Democracy demands humor.
Democracy demands inclusion and equal opportunity.
Democracy demands integrity in the voting process.
Democracy demands it.
Democracy demands no less folks.
Democracy demands open government at all levels.
Democracy demands participation.
Democracy demands responsibility, whereas tyranny demands obedience.
Democracy demands secret and free elections.
Democracy demands that equality play a much wider role in politics.
Democracy demands that voters have substantive choices.
Democracy denies that the work of ruling requires any special qualities or expertise.
Democracy depends entirely on the information that can be transmitted by a free press.
Democracy depends fundamentally on the existence of free business enterprise.
Democracy depends less on respect for persons than on an equal distribution of contempt.
Democracy depends on adequate information.
Democracy depends on an active citizenry.
Democracy depends on an effective connection between the people and government.
Democracy depends on citizens having reliable, accurate facts put in a meaningful context.
Democracy depends on citizens having the skills for making sound choices.
Democracy depends on enough people being willing to do the right thing.
Democracy depends on free and fair elections.
Democracy depends on government being close to the people.
Democracy depends on it.
Democracy depends on many informed citizens.
Democracy depends on our precinct workers.
Democracy depends on participants who can communicate effectively with others.
Democracy depends on the establishment and survival of the institutions of civil society.
Democracy depends on the informed and active participation of citizens.
Democracy depends on the informed participation of citizens.
Democracy depends on the participation and involvement of all citizens.
Democracy depends on voter belief that government is representative of the people.
Democracy depends on weathering the lows and well as scaling the heights.
Democracy depends upon a literate populace.
Democracy depends upon a strong parliament.
Democracy depends upon the respect of each individual for all others.
Democracy describes customs that are instruments for growth, both socially and personally.
Democracy deserves better.
Democracy deserves no less.
Democracy deserves nothing less.
Democracy dictates the necessity for that voice to be heard.
Democracy dies by inches.
Democracy dies without the autonomy and dignity of citizens.
Democracy discourages control.
Democracy does no guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.
Democracy drowns the individual in the choices of the majority.
Democracy eliminates tyrannies and contributes to the establishment of new democracies.
Democracy emphasizes the value of every human being.
Democracy empowers people to grab hold of that power and use it for their own particular benefit.
Democracy encourages independence of thought and seeking of new ways for believing and doing.
Democracy encourages the majority to decide things about which the majority is blissfully ignorant.
Democracy ends at the coach's door.
Democracy engenders human freedoms necessary for economic progress.
Democracy ensures a liberal, pluralist state.
Democracy ensures freedom of speech and of association and freedom of the press.
Democracy entails responsibilities as well as rights.
Democracy equals inflation' - Democracy equals inflation.
Democracy exists in a place where there is real plurality, truly different political movements.
Democracy exists in degrees, beginning with total democracy and running to no democracy.
Democracy exists to compel power-brokers to be more honest and inclusive about their dealings.
Democracy exists, really, on a variety of different levels.
Democracy extends the sphere of individual freedom, socialism restricts it.
Democracy faces enough challenges without saddling it with doubt and cynicism.
Democracy fails when the rights of the majority trample on the rights of the minority.
Democracy feels like a soft pillow.
Democracy feels like an apple, because it is soft and fresh.
Democracy feels like courage and freedom.
Democracy feels like people standing up for their rights.
Democracy feels like pizza, because it is cut into equal parts.
Democracy flourishes only when freedom is accompanied by responsibility.
Democracy fosters human development more fully than feasidble alternative.
Democracy gives states increased strength by harnessing the energies of the masses for the state.
Democracy grows and technology continues to shrink the globe, reducing vast oceans to mere ponds.
Democracy grows up indigenously and in country after country it looks different, feels different.
Democracy grows up indigenously.
Democracy guarantees a system of government in accordance with the wishes and plans of the majority.
Democracy guarantees disagreement.
Democracy happens only when an informed, engaged and concerned electorate takes responsibility.
Democracy happens when everyone participates in political decisions.
Democracy has a better decision profile when the people are encouraged to be heard.
Democracy has a long history in Finland.
Democracy has a long way to go in the Balkans.
Democracy has a vision of human rights, social justice and equality.
Democracy has a way of poking up in the most unlikely places.
Democracy has a way of reining in that kind of hypocrisy and excessive partisanship.
Democracy has an infinite capacity for improvement and expansion when citizens engage in it.
Democracy has been so close, it is taught, illustrated, and held up as ideal.
Democracy has counterdevices, such as paying the poor to attend the assembly.
Democracy has great value in controlling the worst impulses of ethnicity and nationalism.
Democracy has little to do with political borders or with the existence of the state.
Democracy has many sources, and antecedents going back for centuries.
Democracy has meaning when every citizen participates.
Democracy has no maximum limit, and human rights have no ceiling.
Democracy has several inherent characteristics that are conducive to promoting human rights.
Democracy has to be built in the minds of people.
Democracy has to become cultural, it has to start in the home.
Democracy has to have teeth.
Democracy has yet to be fulfilled.
Democracy helps people to protect their own fundamental interests.
Democracy here is a rather mythical sanctuary where there is no anxiety and no crises.
Democracy holds that free nations can settle differences justly and maintain a lasting peace.
Democracy holds that free nations can settle differences justly and maintain lasting peace.
Democracy implies a government that responds to popular anxieties, needs and desires.
Democracy implies a lot more than 'change', more than just holding free elections.
Democracy implies deliberation.
Democracy implies maximum openness.
Democracy implies representation.
Democracy inherently works better at a smaller scale, rather than larger.
Democracy institutionalizes the process.
Democracy insures citizens a broader range of personal freedom than any feasible alternative to it.
Democracy involves free choice.
Democracy involves the vote, yes.
Democracy is , in fact, a form of Fabian socialism.
Democracy is a basic right.
Democracy is a basic thing for success in many ways.
Democracy is a beautiful thing, except for that part about letting just any ol' person vote.
Democracy is a beautiful thing, except for that part about letting just any old yokel vote.
Democracy is a better answer for the problems facing the world today.
Democracy is a bloody business, demanding blood sacrifice.
Democracy is a cherished value.
Democracy is a choice.
Democracy is a complex concept.
Democracy is a consensual hallucination of people concerned with how to divide opportunity fairly.
Democracy is a continuing experiment.
Democracy is a continuous experiment and our Constitution a living document.
Democracy is a Conversation Quorum is a public forum for democratic and deliberative discussion.
Democracy is a conversation.
Democracy is a cooperative society rather than a competitive one.
Democracy is a crisis government.
Democracy is a culture of intercourse between people and social groups.
Democracy is a delicate plant that needs to be constantly taken care of.
Democracy is a delusion.
Democracy is a dictatorship of law.
Democracy is a dirty word in the union movement and freedom is a farce.
Democracy is a dying giant, a sick, sick decaying political concept.
Democracy is a facilitator of a blended society.
Democracy is a factor of peace.
Democracy is a farce in Columbia.
Democracy is a favourite cliche bandied about by all the despotic, criminal and murderous dictators.
Democracy is a fig leaf that they can wave when they like.
Democracy is a form of social organization, no more no less.
Democracy is a fragile concept.
Democracy is a fragile institution.
Democracy is a fresh conquest for each generation.
Democracy is a fundamental right of all Indigenous and non-Indigenous people.
Democracy is a goal that often gets people excited and then slaughtered.
Democracy is a good political system, but it presupposes some moral convictions.
Democracy is a good system of government.
Democracy is a good thing, but representative institutions keep it in check.
Democracy is a great institution and, therefore, it is liable to be greatly abused.
Democracy is a great opportunity for national rejuvenation.
Democracy is a great philosophy of government, but it's no way to raise children.
Democracy is a great thing to experience in a class about American literature.
Democracy is a great thing.
Democracy is a hard-won protection against tyranny.
Democracy is a key part of access when it comes to the political process.
Democracy is a learned behavior.
Democracy is a living thing.
Democracy is a long-term process.
Democracy is a lot more of the majority rule on a nightly basis.
Democracy is a matter of free choice and free rotation of power.
Democracy is a matter of power.
Democracy is a means to liberty.
Democracy is a mechanism to identify the sense and feeling of the people.
Democracy is a messy business.
Democracy is a messy thing.
Democracy is a method of ruling that contains major guidelines and details.
Democracy is a missionary faith.
Democracy is a mockery if it is left only to an autocracy of the informed.
Democracy is a more important principle than who wins or loses any election.
Democracy is a national institution treasured by every citizen, regardless of wealth and status.
Democracy is a necessarily inconvenient system.
Democracy is a new form of organization in the history of humankind.
Democracy is a parent to development.
Democracy is a participatory experiment in self-governing.
Democracy is a permanent quest.
Democracy is a political system based on the participation of the people.
Democracy is a political system under which the people choose their own government.
Democracy is a positive creative evocation of our limitations, of our reality.
Democracy is a positive term in the West.
Democracy is a practice of government common to many nations and to millions of people.
Democracy is a prerequisite for an experimental approach, and the theatre is no exception.
Democracy is a prerequisite for peace and development within and between our countries.
Democracy is a process for ensuring that each gets an equal session with the eye.
Democracy is a process which takes many years and much work to consolidate.
Democracy is a process.
Democracy is a product of a social, cultural and political environment.
Democracy is a product of Western societies.
Democracy is a raft.
Democracy is a reality in many areas.
Democracy is a relative concept.
Democracy is a remarkably efficient way to both let off steam and to lose gracefully.
Democracy is a remarkably universal value.
Democracy is a responsibility of everyone and for every citizen.
Democracy is a sacred trust for future generations.
Democracy is a scam to keep people from killing the people in power.
Democracy is a sham.
Democracy is a similarly empirical endeavor.
Democracy is a slow and inefficient process.
Democracy is a system based on trust in human responsibility.
Democracy is a system built on distrust.
Democracy is a system of government where people get what they deserve.
Democracy is a system of ruling whereby man is sovereign in legislating laws and systems.
Democracy is a system that configures power relations with citizens day by day.
Democracy is a term unknown to man.
Democracy is a threat to their survival.
Democracy is a true expression of the people's aspirations, hopes, and dreams.
Democracy is a twin-track process.
Democracy is a type of government, a political regime of laws and institutions.
Democracy is a unique blend of competent leadership and vigorous citizenship.
Democracy is a universal, inalienable right.
Democracy is a very difficult form of government to sustain.
Democracy is a very famous institution of Switzerland.
Democracy is a very old social conception of the then Greek thinkers.
Democracy is a very spiritually based concept.
Democracy is a way of governance.
Democracy is a way of life.
Democracy is a whole range of responsibilities that is governed by many rules and regulations.
Democracy is a word all politicians use, and very few seem to understand.
Democracy is a work of art'.
Democracy is about a system that accurately reflects the views and desires of the electorate.
Democracy is about allowing students to make their own decisions.
Democracy is about balancing rights and responsibilities.
Democracy is about balancing the rights of the majority with protection for minorities.
Democracy is about being heard, and a true democracy encourages civic involvement.
Democracy is about change, and change is a tough story to tell.
Democracy is about compromise.
Democracy is about debate.
Democracy is about each person having a voice and a part in the political process.
Democracy is about good governance.
Democracy is about having people believe they have a stake in democratic processes and institutions.
Democracy is about informed participation.
Democracy is about more than just turning up to vote.
Democracy is about much more than the rule of law.
Democracy is about numbers.
Democracy is about participation.
Democracy is about peaceful resolution of conflicting opinions and interests.
Democracy is about popular political participation.
Democracy is about restraining use of legal coercion by putting some bounds on it.
Democracy is about self-rule.
Democracy is about the ability to give and take.
Democracy is about the people ruling themselves.
Democracy is about tolerance and respect for the rights of other citizens.
Democracy is about tolerance.
Democracy is about trying to introduce better legislation and better regulations.
Democracy is abstract concepts.
Democracy is actually bad for business.
Democracy is afraid of remembering and language is afraid of speaking.
Democracy is after all very new to South Africa.
Democracy is alive and well in Poland.
Democracy is alive and well in Taiwan.
Democracy is alive and well.
Democracy is Alive.
Democracy is all about diverse interests finding ways to work together for the common good.
Democracy is all about equality.
Democracy is all about people.
Democracy is all about the common man controlling who comes to power.
Democracy is also a broad extension of atheism.
Democracy is also a form of worship.
Democracy is also about what happens after the election.
Democracy is also conducive to factionalism and long meetings.
Democracy is also infective.
Democracy is also the only way out of the present multidimensional crisis.
Democracy is always and everywhere a work in progress.
Democracy is always hard work.
Democracy is always more efficient than dictatorship.
Democracy is America talking to itself.
Democracy is an abstract concept.
Democracy is an elusive commodity.
Democracy is an embryo.
Democracy is an experiment in governance.
Democracy is an ideal and the United States has continually attempted to approach that ideal.
Democracy is an ideology, a conviction, an attitude, and a set of procedures and mechanisms.
Democracy is an illusion, purporting to establish equality among men.
Democracy is an important value and institution of the human race.
Democracy is an impossibility without a good communications network.
Democracy is an infinitely including spirit.
Democracy is an inherently imperfect and often messy form of government.
Democracy is an inherently uncertain process.
Democracy is an integral part of our ancient culture and civilisation.
Democracy is an old concept.
Democracy is an old dragon.
Democracy is an old political question.
Democracy is an ongoing moral experiment in a people's capacity to govern themselves.
Democracy is an ongoing process.
Democracy is an outgrowth of community and requires effort and vigilance.
Democracy is an ugly thing.
Democracy is an underappreciated luxury only recently enjoyed by a majority of living humans.
Democracy is an upstart newcomer in the pantheon of national gods.
Democracy is another positive reason for increased U.S. attention.
Democracy is another system that is unjustly impugned.
Democracy is arrived.
Democracy is ascendent as many African countries undertake significant political reforms.
Democracy is associated with particular kinds of spatialities.
Democracy is at stake, after all.
Democracy is at the foundation of sustainable peace, and civil society is the basis of democracy.
Democracy is at the very least supposed to imply fairness even if it is an illusion.
Democracy is based on accountability, which makes responsible record-keeping mandatory.
Democracy is based on an informed populace making informed decisions.
Democracy is based on checks and balances.
Democracy is based on envy.
Democracy is based on equality.
Democracy is based on individual education and participation.
Democracy is based on information.
Democracy is based on one person, one vote.
Democracy is based on reason, a sense of fair play, and freedom, and a respect for other people.
Democracy is based on strong representation at all levels of government.
Democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are wiser than one man.
Democracy is based on the concept of popular sovereignty .
Democracy is based on the consitutional right of 'No taxation without representation'.
Democracy is based on the majority principle.
Democracy is based on the principle of one person, one vote.
Democracy is based on the rights and responsibilities of individuals and the rule of law.
Democracy is based on the theory that every vote counts.
Democracy is both a form of government and a type of society.
Democracy is both a way of making collective decisions and a form of participation in society.
Democracy is broadband.
Democracy is brought into our lives by personal relationships, recreation and education.
Democracy is built day after day.
Democracy is built on discussion and understanding, majority is just the roof.
Democracy is built on the principle that every citizen has an equal vote and equal rights.
Democracy is buttressed by science's values.
Democracy is by nature the politics of public opinion.
Democracy is choice among goals and among means.
Democracy is choice.
Democracy is clumsy, awkward and messy.
Democracy is compatible with our religious beliefs and cultural spirit.
Democracy is considerably more robust in the first two countries than in the others.
Democracy is created in the continuing effort to achieve it.
Democracy is crucial for peace.
Democracy is crucial.
Democracy is dange- rous and contagious a system.
Democracy is dead in the United States.
Democracy is dead.
Democracy is deemed superfluous.
Democracy is defined by elections.
Democracy is degeneracy.
Democracy is dependent on activity, social and political commitment to community.
Democracy is designed to have low transactions costs.
Democracy is desirable because it promotes freedom of inquiry.
Democracy is dialogue.
Democracy is direct access to leadership.
Democracy is diversity.
Democracy is education about current issues and how to become involved with such issues.
Democracy is enriched by differences.
Democracy is equal protection under law.
Democracy is equally important.
Democracy is equidistant from art and math.
Democracy is essential for economic growth and human development.
Democracy is essential to preserving freedom.
Democracy is established in principle.
Democracy is established on the belief of capitalism i.e. separation of religion and state.
Democracy is fine and good but it has to be kept under control.
Democracy is fine as long as all the decisions are going their way.
Democracy is for adults.
Democracy is for rich people who can afford lawyers.
Democracy is for shopkeepers.
Democracy is forever.
Democracy is Founded in Scripture.
Democracy is founded on dissent.
Democracy is founded on the notion that a. sovereign political power rests with the people.
Democracy is founded on the primacy of the law and the exercise of human rights.
Democracy is founded upon and sustained by law.
Democracy is founded upon rights and responsibilities.
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
Democracy is fragile property in Paraguay.
Democracy is fragile.
Democracy is free and exempt from the brutal actions, behavior and practices of Israeli leaders.
Democracy is fun, but royalty is a much better option.
Democracy is good because it makes political power accountable to the people.
Democracy is good things.
Democracy is good.
Democracy is government by discussion, or by deliberation.
Democracy is government by the people using free elections to choose their representatives.
Democracy is government by the people.
Democracy is great.
Democracy is hand-held.
Democracy is hard work for both politicians and citizens.
Democracy is humanism applied to government.
Democracy is ideology
Democracy is ill-served when that is forgotten.
Democracy is imperfect.
Democracy is in a state of turmoil.
Democracy is in Denmark's debt.
Democracy is in many ways nothing more than a set of rules for managing conflict.
Democracy is in practice impossible.
Democracy is in the details.
Democracy is in the streets, but so are informants and undercover cops.
Democracy is incapable of perseverance.
Democracy is incompatible with poverty, crime, violence and the wanton disregard for human life.
Democracy is incomplete without the participation of women in politics.
Democracy is indeed a universal human value, as meaningful in Prague or Beijing as in Peoria.
Democracy is indeed messy.
Democracy is indispensable for, and is indeed the very essence of nationalism.
Democracy is indivisible.
Democracy is inevitable.
Democracy is inherent in the community's major public shaper of the pleasant life.
Democracy is inherently inefficient.
Democracy is institutionalised gangsterism.
Democracy is just as likely to fall as any other form of government.
Democracy is just too expensive.
Democracy is kept alive by discussion and controversy.
Democracy is key.
Democracy is less and less society's sovereign, even though public rhetoric continues as usual.
Democracy is like a culture and has to be acquired.
Democracy is like a person sitting on top of a pyramid of people.
Democracy is like a pot luck.
Democracy is little more than a facade and slogan for most people.
Democracy is little more than mob rule or a dictatorship by majority opinion.
Democracy is little more than mob rule, while liberty refers to the sovereignty of the individual.
Democracy is locked behind jail doors.
Democracy is loud, often unruly, and always public.
Democracy is meant to be more like an old-fashioned barn raising with all hands taking part.
Democracy is meant to come from the bottom up.
Democracy is merely a means to select leaders.
Democracy is messy and time-consuming, and there are many constituencies to try to satisfy.
Democracy is messy but at it's best, it is the best system in the world.
Democracy is messy, embarrassing and untidy, especially for elected officials.
Democracy is messy, folks.
Democracy is messy, it is time consuming, it is inefficient.
Democracy is messy, long, costly and difficult.
Democracy is messy.
Democracy is mob rule, but with income taxes.
Democracy is more a response to prosperity than a cause of it.
Democracy is more complex than a day trip to Disneyland.
Democracy is more than casting a ballot every four years.
Democracy is more than electing officials.
Democracy is more than having several political parties and elections every few years.
Democracy is more than just a multi-party system with free elections.
Democracy is more than just elections.
Democracy is more than just voting in the odd referendum and periodic elections.
Democracy is more than spreading information freely.
Democracy is most effective on a small scale.
Democracy is most important.
Democracy is much inferior to consumer sovereignty as a means of exerting popular control.
Democracy is much more than casting a ballot every few years.
Democracy is much, much broader than politics.
Democracy is necessary for everyone.
Democracy is neither here nor there.
Democracy is no exception.
Democracy is no longer a luxury, to be forsaken or postponed.
Democracy is no longer about a government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
Democracy is no longer the political system that defines our rights.
Democracy is no synonym for freedom.
Democracy is no tidy affair.
Democracy is no vaccination against poverty.
Democracy is non-existent and human rights nil.
Democracy is normally in perpetual crisis.
Democracy is now demonstrably a universal value.
Democracy is now the accustomed norm in Russia.
Democracy is now the global watchword and the Soviet Union is a relic of history.
Democracy is now the ideal dialogue of capital.
Democracy is now, in theory, Russia's system of government.
Democracy is obsolete, expensive and unnecessary.
Democracy is obsolete, risky and becoming unacceptably expensive.
Democracy is offered as the only hope of achieving domestic or international peace.
Democracy is often a beautiful thing.
Democracy is often messy and almost always noisy.
Democracy is on the agenda and that's first.
Democracy is on the defensive.
Democracy is on the march.
Democracy is on the move world-wide.
Democracy is on the rise all over the world, and with good reason.
Democracy is on trial in the world, on a more colossal scale than ever before.
Democracy is once again safe.
Democracy is one man one vote.
Democracy is one method of harmonizing parts and wholes, as is the ecological way of life.
Democracy is one of the cornerstones of life in Canada.
Democracy is one of the key words of the adventure of presidency.
Democracy is one of the ways of governing a country.
Democracy is one political expression of the common good.
Democracy is one way of easing conflict within a country.
Democracy is Online.
Democracy is only as good as an informed citizenry.
Democracy is only as strong as the dialogue that people can conduct about current conditions.
Democracy is only meaningful if people take advantage of their right to participate.
Democracy is only possible with easy access to information and good communications.
Democracy is our key to success.
Democracy is our most basic right.
Democracy is our most precious heritage.
Democracy is our most treasured tradition.
Democracy is our order.
Democracy is our reason.
Democracy is our tradition and our destiny.
Democracy is outmoded.
Democracy is overrated.
Democracy is participatory and community-oriented.
Democracy is perhaps the most powerful energising idea of the twentieth century.
Democracy is political systems.
Democracy is possible.
Democracy is power.
Democracy is pragmatic.
Democracy is precarious in Nigeria, America's sixth largest supplier of crude oil.
Democracy is predicated upon a belief in the fundamental sovereignty of the citizenry of a nation.
Democracy is predicated upon equality.
Democracy is preferable to any other form of government.
Democracy is pretty serious business.
Democracy is quite a thing.
Democracy is real only when power of administration is distributed to the people at large.
Democracy is really neither extending nor including merely, but creating wholes.
Democracy is regulated by wealth.
Democracy is reinforced by, free and active media.
Democracy is rejuvenating, envigorating and positive.
Democracy is representation by the people, number one.
Democracy is right and all other forms of government are wrong or at least inferior.
Democracy is right.
Democracy is risky business.
Democracy is risky.
Democracy is rooted in respect for all people.
Democracy is rough and is messy.
Democracy is ruinous.
Democracy is rule and opposition.
Democracy is rule by the people.
Democracy is rule of the people.
Democracy is sacred here.
Democracy is seen as the ultimate value, the pinnacle of human political achievement.
Democracy is self-government.
Democracy is served by politicians being dependent on voters.
Democracy is simple, but develops slowly.
Democracy is slavery to the majority.
Democracy is slow and can be painful.
Democracy is something that grows from the ground up.
Democracy is something that millions of people have fought and died for throughout the years.
Democracy is state dictatorship of the majority.
Democracy is still in action.
Democracy is strengthened by having a free flow of ideas and criticisms by members of society.
Democracy is stronger than it has ever been, and also more vulnerable in more places.
Democracy is subject to possible abuses.
Democracy is subverted.
Democracy is supposed to empower people.
Democracy is supposed to unite society.
Democracy is that system of political governance in which the ayes have it and the nays get it.
Democracy is the ability of every person to contribute daily to the way they are governed.
Democracy is the antithesis of the natural rights of man.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
Democracy is the art of running the circus from the monkey cage.
Democracy is the basis for sustainable economic growth and regional stability.
Democracy is the best form of government because it allows for individual participation.
Democracy is the best form of government yet created.
Democracy is the best insurance for peace, so far.
Democracy is the best mechanism ever devised to solve problems.
Democracy is the best system of government.
Democracy is the best thing, the only way to live.
Democracy is the breeding-ground of aristocracy.
Democracy is the central theme .
Democracy is the cornerstone for a peaceful future in the Balkans.
Democracy is the defining characteristic of that ruling bargain.
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority.
Democracy is the earth in which stability takes root.
Democracy is the essential strategy for achieving national mobilisation.
Democracy is the fastest growing type of government in the world.
Democracy is the foundation for accountable and transparent government.
Democracy is the foundation of everything.
Democracy is the foundation of our society.
Democracy is the fullest possible acceptance of the single life.
Democracy is the ghost at their lavish Chinese banquet.
Democracy is the glue that can bind together diverse elements in society.
Democracy is the government of the people, by the people and for the people.
Democracy is the great love of the failures and cowards of life.
Democracy is the ideal means for achieving social cohesion and the equitable distribution of wealth.
Democracy is the issue and police repression is part of the problem.
Democracy is the key to our future.
Democracy is the key to our strategy throughout Southeast Europe.
Democracy is the last stage of brothers seeking parents.
Democracy is the limited power of the greatest number, and the power of the greatest limited number.
Democracy is the loser.
Democracy is the means of putting human rights into action.
Democracy is the most effective and durable reinsurance against instability.
Democracy is the most important characteristic of the western democratic order in the minds of many.
Democracy is the most inevitable force in the course of human history.
Democracy is the most widespread of political systems.
Democracy is the number one issue raised by the No-side in the Danish debate.
Democracy is the only means for the protection of freedom and innovation.
Democracy is the only method of peaceful change that man has yet been discovered.
Democracy is the only really effective method to deal with internal conflicts.
Democracy is the only system by which full human rights and workers rights can be obtained.
Democracy is the only system capable of reflecting the humanist premise of equilibrium or balance.
Democracy is the only system that has faith in the free mind.
Democracy is the people's best friend.
Democracy is the political aspect of the assertion of the supreme importance of the individual.
Democracy is the project of the multitude, a creative force, a living god.
Democracy is the real victor.
Democracy is the right of the majority to oppress the majority.
Democracy is the rule by or the dominion of the people over the people.
Democracy is the rule of the majority.
Democracy is the same concept everywhere.
Democracy is the score at the beginning of the ninth.
Democracy is the self interest of the individual.
Democracy is the shit.
Democracy is the standard by which governments are measured.
Democracy is the stuff for all seasons.
Democracy is the thing.
Democracy is the toughest boss there is.
Democracy is the working model of any form of mob rule.
Democracy is the worst form of government except for all of the others.
Democracy is the worst form of government except for all others.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all other forms of government.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the rest.
Democracy is the worst form of government, with the exception of all others.
Democracy is the worst system devised by the wit of man, except for all the others.
Democracy is the worst system ever invented - except for all the rest.
Democracy is then both a promise and a challenge.
Democracy is three wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for lunch.
Democracy is three wolves and one sheep voting on what to have for supper.
Democracy is thus unlikely to flourish in a community on the verge of destitution.
Democracy is time consuming.
Democracy is to be construed as the right to choose among commodities.
Democracy is to search to speak the truth.
Democracy is too good to share with just anybody.
Democracy is too important to be left to computer technology.
Democracy is too low and too small a word.
Democracy is treated as a contested idea.
Democracy is truly in action.
Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.
Democracy is two wolves and a sheep trying to decide on lunch.
Democracy is two wolves and a sheep voting on lunch.
Democracy is under attack across the nation by hate-groups and the religious right.
Democracy is very unorganized.
Democracy is very very sacred and people mess around with it at their peril.
Democracy is virtually absent from economic regulatory institutions.
Democracy is weak in Colombia.
Democracy is what is important.
Democracy is what the people have voted for eight years ago.
Democracy is what they support, and the rebirth of long destroyed United States.
Democracy is what works.
Democracy is what's at stake.
Democracy is when people have free election to choose their representatives.
Democracy is when the masses do the same thing.
Democracy is when the whole country gets what the majority of voters deserve.
Democracy is when two wolves and a lamb vote on what to eat for dinner.
Democracy is where it all starts.
Democracy is worth fighting for.
Democracy is young and the monarchy is a mystical and revered institution here.
Democracy is, after all, amoral and unprincipled.
Democracy is, after all, for everyone s betterment.
Democracy is, at best, a flawed system.
Democracy is, however, a fragile institution.
Democracy is, in essence, a form of non-violent conflict management.
Democracy is, of course, more than a vehicle for economic success.
Democracy isn t necessarily fair.
Democracy just attempts to formalize such a process.
Democracy lasts only until constituents discover that their vote is the key to the public treasury.
Democracy lies at the core of such movements.
Democracy lives or dies in our home towns.
Democracy looks like a line of people voting for freedom.
Democracy looks like people having fun.
Democracy loses credibility when districts are gerrymandered to achieve a predetermined result.
Democracy loses meaning if people engage in such politics.
Democracy makes a good first impression.
Democracy makes governing institutions more open to popular influences.
Democracy makes hard moves harder.
Democracy makes the assumption that is representation by the people.
Democracy mandates that the local population has a say in their community's well-being.
Democracy marches on.
Democracy means a society in which every person is committed to ensuring human rights for everyone.
Democracy means different things to different people.
Democracy means dignity amongst people.
Democracy means economic liberation.
Democracy means engaging in the struggle to find the common good.
Democracy means far more than just holding elections or referenda.
Democracy means governance by the people.
Democracy means government in the hands of 'the many' rather than 'the few'.
Democracy means human rights for all, including criminals.
Democracy means majority rule.
Democracy means more than elections.
Democracy means more than multiparty elections every four or five years.
Democracy means nothing in a collective society.
Democracy means one person, one vote.
Democracy means paying attention.
Democracy means people's ability to do things by themselves.
Democracy means popular rule according to the principle of one person, one vote.
Democracy means putting a cross on a piece of paper once every five years.
Democracy means rule by citizens.
Democracy means rule by everyone or no one.
Democracy means self-rule.
Democracy means shopping incessantly.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Democracy means that parties have to use whatever weapons they have to hand.
Democracy means that some government officials are selected by voters.
Democracy means that the majority rules and that the rights of the minority are protected.
Democracy means that the people have the right to vote, to speak, to assemble, that sort of thing.
Democracy means the denial of self interest as much as the trenches did.
Democracy means the freedom to question our political leaders.
Democracy means the majority rules.
Democracy means the people rule.
Democracy means the rule of the majority tempered by respect for the rights of the individual.
Democracy means very different things to the liberals.
Democracy means, first of all, accountability. . . .
Democracy means, literally, government by the people.
Democracy merges then into anarchy, the demand for full human freedom.
Democracy narrows and the rights and opportunities of aware and active citizens shrink.
Democracy needs a few groups to begin that experiment.
Democracy needs an electoral law.
Democracy needs an enlightened citizenry if it is to function as a free society.
Democracy needs and allows criticism for which the critical sense is required.
Democracy needs checks and balances.
Democracy needs effective citizens.
Democracy needs good citizens and good institutions.
Democracy needs individual reflection and community conversation.
Democracy needs legitimacy.
Democracy needs positive limits.
Democracy needs real freedom of speech, as well as patience of all concerned.
Democracy needs some moral biosphere.
Democracy needs the on-going involvement of active citizens.
Democracy needs to be constantly, slowly, steadily rebuilt.
Democracy needs to be deepened and widened at the same time.
Democracy needs to be renewed for each generation.
Democracy needs to be understood as more than just elections.
Democracy needs wisdom.
Democracy never lasts long.
Democracy never produces big breakthroughs.
Democracy Now goes beyond the rhetoric and party politics offered by the mainstream media.
Democracy now refers to a complete, complex way of life.
Democracy obviously doesn t work.
Democracy occasionally needs to be rejuvenated.
Democracy offers citizens advantages and opportunities that no other form of government can provide.
Democracy offers peaceful ways of handling conflicts and different interests.
Democracy offers the greatest chance for people to realize their full potential.
Democracy only comes into existence from civil society.
Democracy only works if everyone behaves themselves.
Democracy only works if people participate.
Democracy only works through participation and vigilance.
Democracy only works to represent the majority when the majority actually votes.
Democracy only works when the people get involved.
Democracy only works when voters are informed.
Democracy only works where voters are informed about issues and candidates.
Democracy ought to be enhanced.
Democracy owns no king but the people.
Democracy permeates society.
Democracy permits diversity and invention for individuals and cultures.
Democracy permits the participation of all citizens.
Democracy places the responsibility of involvement on the people it benefits.
Democracy plays a role both in the form and contents of the school.
Democracy posits a representation based on a free exercise of the vote.
Democracy practices diversity and tolerance.
Democracy precludes tyranny.
Democracy presupposes a free market of ideas.
Democracy presupposes the free dissemination of ideas, including philosophical ideas.
Democracy promotes a sustainable consensus for economic reform.
Democracy promotes stability and engenders policies that promote peace and development.
Democracy promotes stability and prosperity.
Democracy proposes to serve national interests, achieve balance between rights, duties.
Democracy provides the best guarantee of security.
Democracy provides the platform for public debate, and policy preferences for the greatest number.
Democracy puts most of the political power in the hands of the people.
Democracy quickly leads to consensus.
Democracy raises certain tensions in a diverse and pluralist set up.
Democracy really works.
Democracy recognizes ripple effect.
Democracy recognizes that society is in a constant state of change.
Democracy reduces wisdom to impotence.
Democracy reflects human imperfections, how things go wrong.
Democracy reigns at teacher-un school.
Democracy relies on informed electorate, free flow of ideas, education.
Democracy relies on strong, active citizenship inside and outside of government.
Democracy remains a popular concept.
Democracy remains alive and vital in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Democracy remains the basic bond of our nations.
Democracy requires a climate of stable economic growth if it is to survive and grow.
Democracy requires a decision-making system based on majority rule, with minority rights protected.
Democracy requires accommodation of all ethnic communities, both majority and minority.
Democracy requires active citizens just as much as tyranny prefers spectators.
Democracy requires an educated citizenry.
Democracy requires an informed electorate.
Democracy requires both civic responsibility and individual accountability.
Democracy requires broad range of opinion.
Democracy requires compromise.
Democracy requires courage, patience and eternal vigilance.
Democracy requires dissolution of private power.
Democracy requires equality of opportunity.
Democracy requires eternal vigilance.
Democracy requires functioning governance.
Democracy requires healthy societies of citizens in communities.
Democracy requires high standards of education and truthful media.
Democracy requires human rights for everyone, everywhere.
Democracy requires informed voters.
Democracy requires it, freedom demands it.
Democracy requires legitimate institutions that encourage healthy civil societies.
Democracy requires mass participation in the process of government and public administration.
Democracy requires more than voting, it requires self-government .
Democracy requires openness and light.
Democracy requires our active participation.
Democracy requires participation.
Democracy requires patience.
Democracy requires quite the opposite.
Democracy requires regular monitoring in view of the evolution of society.
Democracy requires respect for the rights, beliefs and traditions of the minority.
Democracy requires that votes be counted.
Democracy requires the active participation of all citizens.
Democracy requires the consent of the governed.
Democracy requires the public to make choices and decisions.
Democracy requires tolerance.
Democracy respects the rule of law and process.
Democracy responds to hands-on participation.
Democracy rests on the premise that sovereignty belongs to the people rather than the ruler.
Democracy returns to Spain.
Democracy seems a bit easier than it was in Civilisation.
Democracy seems to be working.
Democracy sees that the laws are fit to be obeyed.
Democracy serves a similar purpose.
Democracy serves big business.
Democracy sets forth a just and legitimate way of governing the communities organized by nations.
Democracy shows the way.
Democracy slips farther away every day.
Democracy smells like a flower smelling beautiful like choices.
Democracy smells like people reaching their goals.
Democracy sounds like a bell, because it gets everyone's attention.
Democracy sounds like people having freedom of speech.
Democracy sounds like people, because they have the power to choose.
Democracy stands a much better chance of developing once people feel free to come out of the bunker.
Democracy stands or falls with the truths and values which it embodies and promotes.
Democracy starts in the hearts and minds of people.
Democracy still remains the best hope for troubled humanity throughout the world.
Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy substitutes election by the incompetent many for the appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy suffers when individuals have fewer opportunities to express their views.
Democracy suffers when too many people stay on the sidelines.
Democracy takes people who know how to get the vote.
Democracy takes precedence over capitalism.
Democracy takes time.
Democracy takes, above all, an unwavering commitment to ethics and virtues.
Democracy tastes like a hamburger shaped like freedom.
Democracy tastes like a peach, because it can be cut into four pieces.
Democracy tastes like cheese because it can spread.
Democracy tastes like Chinese food, because there are choices.
Democracy tastes like the good of our nation.
Democracy teaches an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Democracy then can only happen one person at a time.
Democracy there is transparent, a veil only to impress the international community.
Democracy though is a good choice for someone who is aiming to win the space race.
Democracy thrives only when all the voices are heard.
Democracy too dies in the absence of hope for the future.
Democracy translates into accountability.
Democracy triumphs along with social atomisation.
Democracy truly works only when people exercise their right to participate in the electoral process.
Democracy turns out to be rule by publicity.
Democracy ultimately depends on active public participation.
Democracy waits for no one.
Democracy weighs the opinions of two morons more than that of one genius.
Democracy works best when all people participate in it freely.
Democracy works best when citizens are well informed.
Democracy works best when it's within driving distance.
Democracy works best when stakeholders are informed.
Democracy works best when the candidates stand up and square off.
Democracy works best when the voters represent a broad spectrum of society.
Democracy works best with informed and expressive citizens.
Democracy works here, and they want people elsewhere to enjoy the benefits.
Democracy works if people are involved in their government.
Democracy works in many countries around the world.
Democracy works only in societies where responsible people of integrity value people.
Democracy works only when everyone participates.
Democracy works only when the people vote for what they believe is right .
Democracy works only when there is a clear mandate.
Democracy works only when voters are educated and informed.
Democracy always is a messy process.
Democracy often means taking different sides on different issues.
Democracy sometimes calls for debate and struggle.
Democracies usually do.
Democracies usually have laws against spying on citizens.
All democracies adhere to basic tax freedom rights.
All democracies are systems in which citizens freely make political decisions by majority rule.
All democracies strive to respect and protect the human rights of citizens.
Every democracy accepts the idea that constitutions and laws can be changed in a democratic process.
Every democracy breaks out in populist boils from time to time.
Every democracy goes through difficult periods.
Every democracy has to live with, and needs, radical elements.
Many democracies allow for the possibility of registration on polling day, even at the poll itself.
More democracy always sounds good in concept.
More democracy means more vitality.
Most democracies have a market economy.
Most democracies have many parties.
Most democracies have parliamentary sessions where they have several parties.
Most democracies shun capital punishment.
Some democracies have regional, provincial or state elections too.
Some democracies use PR within parliamentary systems.
A democrat is an advocate
Democrats acknowledge the po tential for political mischief.
Democrats actually look for judges who are willing to make stuff up.
Democrats already are too.
Democrats already control the state senate and the governor's office.
Democrats already have an advantage because of the large number of Republican retirements to date.
Democrats already hold a significant electoral advantage.
Democrats also are prominent in the depot-saving effort.
Democrats also believe the surplus belongs to the taxpayers, but so does the national debt.
Democrats also call themselves civil libertarians.
Democrats also claim aggressive steps have been taken to reduce air pollution.
Democrats also face the problem of convincing voters to back a candidate who's no longer living.
Democrats also get their share of the satiric needle.
Democrats also have a primary in Washington on the same day.
Democrats also have inconsistencies in their environmental records.
Democrats also have other targets in their sights.
Democrats also have several other legal actions pending.
Democrats also promote community service.
Democrats also recognize the strength of the patient protection issue at the polls.
Democrats also stress that they resisted a bidding war with the president over tax cuts.
Democrats also suffer from a lack of strong and attractive leaders.
Democrats are advocates.
Democrats are afraid that somebody somewhere is making money.
Democrats are anything but stupid.
Democrats are certain to make an issue of that in the fall.
Democrats are chattier, and the rules are a bit more confusing.
Democrats are concerned about a political backlash.
Democrats are desperate and afraid.
Democrats are determined to deal with the marriage penalty.
Democrats are determined to make the situation worse.
Democrats are determined to prevent real hearings.
Democrats are eager for a full and fair debate on tax cuts.
Democrats are fearful that they are going to lose power.
Democrats are gleeful.
Democrats are good at looking the other way.
Democrats are incredible liars.
Democrats are keen to demonstrate their devotion to soccer moms.
Democrats are likely to win one seat, possibly both.
Democrats are lined up apparently in unison against the tax cuts.
Democrats are mixed.
Democrats are more critical.
Democrats are more prone to have sex scandals.
Democrats are more willing to subordinate individual rights to the assumed needs of the group.
Democrats are open but cautious.
Democrats are opposed to reform.
Democrats are optimistic about the future.
Democrats are politicians.
Democrats are prone to argue that they battled the president to a draw.
Democrats are proponents of a well-funded system of public schools.
Democrats are proud today.
Democrats are ready to agree to study the issues.
Democrats are ready to get to work on addressing the business of the people.
Democrats are ready to get to work to expand our prosperity and invest in the future.
Democrats are serious about protecting the right to murder.
Democrats are sick and tired of being publicly abused by the state's leader.
Democrats are skeptical.
Democrats are soft on crime.
Democrats are strong in their belief of much financial support for public education.
Democrats are strong in Wilmington, the state's largest city.
Democrats are tired of the influence peddling and financial shenanigans.
Democrats are underdogs in several state, national and local races.
Democrats are unharmed.
Democrats are united.
Democrats are unlikely to field a strong contender there.
Democrats are wary of the plan, however.
Democrats are worried about a backlash.
Democrats are worried about cuts in human services.
Democrats assail the measure.
Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.
Democrats calling for a special prosecutor for the special prosecutor seems to be big news.
Democrats can no longer count as strongly on their members to toe the liberal party line.
Democrats can wonder the same thing.
Democrats certainly say they are concerned.
Democrats charge the intimidation stopped the count.
Democrats claim defective Votomatic machines prevented ballots from being properly punched.
Democrats claim missile defense risks second Cold War.
Democrats clearly have questions.
Democrats concede nothing.
Democrats concede the race is likely to tighten.
Democrats control both Houses of the legislature in California.
Democrats control redistricting.
Democrats control the debate and the direction of politics.
Democrats control the governorship and state legislature in all of seven states.
Democrats control the legislatures in California, Georgia and North Carolina.
Democrats creating believe that tax increases are responsible for the economic boom.
Democrats disagree with that analysis.
Democrats divide people.
Democrats enjoy the majority of the voters in the State.
Democrats enthusiastically support efforts to let convicted felons vote.
Democrats expect to get one more seat.
Democrats express the opposite views by similarly large margins.
Democrats fare little better.
Democrats favor campaign finance reform, in part, out of self interest.
Democrats feel abandoned.
Democrats feel the election has been tainted by a poorly constructed ballot.
Democrats feel the same.
Democrats fight for power with a frenzy born of . . .
Democrats find it easy to explain issues in personal and emotional terms.
Democrats find more support among women, minorities, union members and the poor.
Democrats find themselves in a far less enviable position.
Democrats genuinely care about.
Democrats get a haircut, wash the car, or go bowling.
Democrats get high marks from unions and abortion-rights, and environmental organizations.
Democrats get hundreds of overseas ballots rejected.
Democrats get privacy to a committee - at last.
Democrats get the same treatment in two weeks.
Democrats get their share of the satiric needle, as well.
Democrats get to keep shooting until one gets par or an acceptable score.
Democrats get union support, that's a given.
Democrats grumble about the inconvenience of road blocks and scaffolding.
Democrats have control in Georgia, Indiana, Mississippi and North Carolina.
Democrats have high hopes of retaking the governorship of the nation's largest state.
Democrats have legitimate advantages on issues like health care and the environment.
Democrats have little reason to abandon that winning position now.
Democrats have many loves.
Democrats have much work to do.
Democrats have primaries only in the attorney general and education races.
Democrats have reasons to worry about the presidential race.
Democrats have spare rooms filled with old baby furniture.
Democrats ignore men at their peril.
Democrats just show up beforehand and drink all the beer.
Democrats like to think big.
Democrats like to try new things.
Democrats live on government handouts.
Democrats look after the ones who are really low-income.
Democrats look at the estate tax through a completely different lens.
Democrats looking to overhaul the system face similar problems.
Democrats make an awful lot of racket for people who are supposedly muzzled.
Democrats make plans and then do something else.
Democrats make plans, then do something else.
Democrats make surprising gains in midterm elections.
Democrats mean entitlements.
Democrats mean something government needs to increase.
Democrats never seem to understand the value of money in the pockets of working families.
Democrats now control the chamber by one seat.
Democrats now control two of the state's six congressional seats.
Democrats now own the war on waste.
Democrats obviously prefer the votes of imprisoned felons, to America's service personnel.
Democrats offer online ballot, hoping to draw more interest in primary.
Democrats offer solutions to solve the utility deregulation crisis.
Democrats oppose free trade agreements.
Democrats point to grass-roots gains as evidence that their message is resonating with voters.
Democrats prefer a large federal government.
Democrats prefer getting voter approval first.
Democrats raise cabbages, kittens and kids.
Democrats reach for answers.
Democrats realize that our state needs to be more than tough on crime.
Democrats receive most of their support in local and state races.
Democrats recognize a danger in being seen as obstructionists.
Democrats refuse to do so.
Democrats reject that piecemeal approach.
Democrats remain concerned about censorship proposals.
Democrats remain dubious.
Democrats resent having been put in a position where they have to defend the indefensible.
Democrats risk becoming conspirators in support of the status quo.
Democrats save pennies, nickels and dimes.
Democrats save their time and money and drive around at night to enjoy the scenery.
Democrats say constituents gain political clout with more representation in the legislature.
Democrats say it plays down realities.
Democrats say no witnesses are necessary.
Democrats say one thing, and mean another.
Democrats say sampling is crucial to boosting minority and urban representation.
Democrats say sampling is the only way to ensure equal representation.
Democrats say the bill has no chance of passing on the floor unless major concessions are made.
Democrats say the butterfly ballot is too confusing, yet they designed it.
Democrats say the dimples indicate the voter's intended selection.
Democrats say the election saga has generated enormous enthusiasm among their ranks.
Democrats say the investigations are motivated more by old-fashioned politics than new evidence.
Democrats say the maps are fair.
Democrats say the price differences show that prices are arbitrary.
Democrats say the race has tightened but nowhere near that much.
Democrats say the structure of the presidential race now favors the vice president.
Democrats scoff at such claims.
Democrats scoff at the president's assertion that the tax cut is all that's needed.
Democrats see a late-election political ploy.
Democrats see a new base in illegal immigration.
Democrats see chances dimming.
Democrats see government as a roof under which they'll provide everything else.
Democrats see minorities mainly as large block votes at bargain prices.
Democrats seek a safe, stable and happy home for Arizona children.
Democrats seek salvation in a big turnout.
Democrats seek tabulation standard like Palm Beach s.
Democrats seem ready to settle and leave town quickly.
Democrats seem to believe such a regressive tax is kosher because it's for smokers' own good.
Democrats seem to have lost faith in their governing appeal.
Democrats seem to have the edge here, at least in numbers.
Democrats set new rules a.
Democrats still believe that social engineering can effect desirable change.
Democrats still blow.
Democrats still get to do anybody they want.
Democrats still hold a sizeable majority of local offices across the state.
Democrats still hold many of the governor offices and control many of the state legislatures.
Democrats still like big government.
Democrats strongly oppose any polluter protection bill.
Democrats suffer significant fragmentation at the core of their base vote.
Democrats sweep the state in Florida.
Democrats take a different view.
Democrats take days off without feeling guilty.
Democrats take note.
Democrats take tax money and pass it out in food stamps and welfare checks.
Democrats take the opposite view.
Democrats tend to do well in counties that are predominantly row-crop farming.
Democrats tend to favor gun control laws as one solution to the increase in school violence.
Democrats tend to favor more government action to curb sprawl and preserve open space.
Democrats tend to favor national standards to help all children meet uniform goals.
Democrats tend to favor the stricter clean air standards.
Democrats tend to favor using sampling to reach what they consider to be a more accurate figure.
Democrats tend to look for new classes of victims.
Democrats tend to push for a compassionate level of spending.
Democrats tend to take a more liberal stand on important issues.
Democrats think government knows best.
Democrats think so.
Democrats tout their commitment to high quality care.
Democrats value diversity, including religious diversity.
Democrats always attract the more poorly educated.
Democrats always favor the big government status quo.
Democrats often face no opposition in elections.
Democrats often say spending increases are the only way to achieve improved education.
All democrats object to men being disqualified by the accident of birth.
Most democrats believe all four explanations already.
Democrates are too dumb to fill out a ballot correctly.
Democratic accountability is the big idea at the UN Millennium Summit.
Democratic action is a safety measure.
Democratic alliance is important.
Democratic alliances reach agreement collectively after much give and take.
Democratic anarchy is more than just a lifestyle, it's a responsibility to bear.
Democratic atomism is on the rise.
Democratic audiences get an avenging liberal.
Democratic candidates are happy.
Most Democratic candidates are dependent to some extent on pro-Zionist donors and media support.
Democratic centralism forces everyone to speak up.
Democratic centralism is communist democracy.
Democratic citizenship governs while very smart managers execute solid business strategies.
Democratic citizenship is dependent on human rights education.
Democratic cobblers are good at making shoes that conform to the left foot.
Democratic communities grow in a less arbitrary manner.
Democratic competition can also increase the incentive for officials to resist corruption.
Democratic consolidation is a vital concept for theory and policy concerning democratic development.
Democratic consolidation is fostered by a number of institutional, policy and behavioural changes.
Democratic constitutions tend to foster associational forms of religion.
Democratic control is guaranteed through equal voting rights.
Democratic councils are local institutions workers and consumers use to pursue collective agendas.
Democratic countries abjure such throttling.
Democratic countries are more likely to attract U.S. companies.
Most democratic countries have a system of taxation, which is based upon self-assessment.
Democratic critics respond vehemently that good science leads to no such conclusions.
Democratic critics say the policy needs to put more emphasis on reducing demand.
Democratic decentralization depends on citizens to become involved.
Democratic decision making takes more time than other forms of decision making.
Democratic deliberation entails all three types of discourse.
Democratic development is an ongoing process.
Democratic development is the necessary complement to economic reform.
Democratic dogma permeates our thoughts and actions, influencing our man-made institutions.
Democratic education is based on the value and dignity of the individual.
Democratic elections are competitive.
Democratic elections are definitive .
Democratic elections are inclusive .
Democratic elections are periodic .
Democratic elections can result in Communist regimes and tyrannies.
Democratic elections open the way for a better future.
Democratic elections provide no guarantee for honest government.
Democratic elections provide no guarantee of honest government.
Democratic elections take place every six years.
Democratic eras are periods of experiment, innovation, and adventure.
Democratic fervor seems to have compromised the regard for law.
Democratic forces have very little space within which to work.
Democratic freedom is a method of nonviolence and engine of wealth and prosperity.
Democratic freedom is per definition a Liberal virtue.
Democratic goals are unclear.
Democratic governance is good governance.
Democratic governance requires good information.
Democratic governance rests upon a trust in the citizenry, and a populist impulse.
Democratic government is impossible with armed factions around.
Democratic government is more important than any one issue.
Democratic government is most successful where there is a high degree of trust.
Democratic government stands or falls with the moral truths which it embodies and promotes.
Democratic government supported by an informed population is the only answer.
Democratic governments are just.
Democratic governments are more reliable partners for peace and more honest trading partners.
Democratic governments are now in charge in all Southeast European countries.
Democratic governments honor human rights.
Democratic governments recognize military dictatorships for short run political interests.
All democratic governments recognize some form of freedom of assembly.
Many democratic governments support political dictatorships, including the worst.
Most democratic governments limit freedom of the press in three major types of cases.
Democratic hearts break at the prospect of enabling plain folks to spend their own money.
Democratic historians believe that history is made by broad causes and ordinary people.
Democratic institutions are fragile at best.
Democratic institutions are only in exceptional cases able to resist sustained terrorism.
Democratic institutions are relatively strong in Latvia.
Democratic institutions are vibrant in India, growing in Bangladesh and threatened in Pakistan.
Democratic institutions are weak.
Democratic institutions can be instruments of national reconciliation.
Democratic institutions compel national leaders to justify their policy actions to a voting public.
Democratic institutions function well.
Democratic institutions remain weak and confidence in the government is extremely low.
Democratic institutions remain weak.
Every democratic institution is founded on one fundamental principle.
Democratic involvement is a two-way street.
Some Democratic lawmakers agree.
Democratic lawyers counter that the Florida court resolved a conflict in pre-existing state law.
Democratic leaders agree that the system needs an overhaul.
Democratic leaders agree.
Democratic leaders are at it again.
Democratic leaders are no longer just about promoting leftist ideology.
Democratic leaders are still hesitant to comment.
Democratic leaders are under a lot of domestic pressure about the costs of a war.
Democratic leaders blast the administration for pessimistic statements about the economy.
Democratic leaders build consensus through participation.
Democratic leaders have a big problem.
Democratic leaders oppose that idea.
Democratic leaders promote their plan as a more responsible approach in uncertain economic times.
Democratic leaders remain skeptical.
Democratic leaders say the new government is likely to take power in the middle of next month.
Democratic leadership can produce high quality and high quantity work for long periods of time.
Democratic leadership consists of a number of skills that can be learned and continuously improved.
Democratic leadership falls toward the right end of the continuum.
Democratic leadership is in disarray.
Democratic leadership needs to take some responsibility and step up to the plate.
Democratic legislators go on budget offensive.
Democratic legislators promise to file a battery of lawsuits challenging the proposed revisions.
Democratic liberals ought to be careful.
Democratic life requires critical inquiry, civic participation, and a commitment to the common good.
Democratic men like to watch football while their wives, girlfriends or mothers fix holiday meals.
Democratic management requires informed voters.
Democratic nations are more peaceful and more reliable as partners.
Democratic nations take actions.
Democratic nations understand the intrinsic importance of educating their citizens.
Most democratic nations take actions.
All Democratic nominees are unopposed.
Any Democratic officeholders involved ought to drop their affiliations as well.
Many Democratic officeholders take part.
Some Democratic officeholders claim to stake out the moral high ground on privacy.
Democratic officials describe their effort as larger than in previous years.
Democratic officials have good reason to cater to upstate interests.
All Democratic officials have e-mail.
Democratic opponents call the package punitive.
Democratic parents have simple rules and reasonable consequences for breaking the rules.
Democratic parliaments are unique institutions.
Some Democratic parties get a printout of the voter registration list, and check people off.
Democratic politicians are fond of preening themselves as champions of civil rights.
Democratic polity needs funds.
Democratic power is shown when choices and decisions are shared among many.
Democratic presidents create nearly twice as many jobs per year as Republican Presidents.
Democratic presidents fail the leadership skills test as badly as they fail the emotional test.
Democratic presidents to lead nations.
Democratic principle is another.
Democratic principles allow members to implement cooperative decisions.
Democratic principles are simply principles of communication, interaction and appropriate response.
Democratic principles demand the right to organize and bargain collectively.
Democratic procedures are inconceivable without transparency.
Democratic process humbles.
Democratic process is essential to our task.
Democratic processes are inevitably messy because they are free and open to all.
Democratic processes can help harness powerful global forces towards health equity.
Democratic processes demand that the public be engaged in the issues of the day.
Democratic processes require elaborate organizational overhead, in structure and time.
Democratic progress depends on women's progress.
Democratic progress is spotty.
Democratic proposals do give tax relief to everyone.
Democratic reform is thus mainly an incremental, rather than revolutionary, process.
Democratic regimes define democratic values as being just.
Democratic regimes thrive on the free exchange of ideas and opinions and welcome dissent.
Many democratic regimes are democratic in name only.
Democratic registration is unchanged.
Democratic religion has all the merits of democratic education.
Democratic renewal is the order of the day.
Democratic representation governs many areas of college policy-making and planning.
Democratic revolution is ruled out.
Democratic rights allow Canadian citizens to vote and participate in elections.
Many democratic rights have yet to be institutionalised into law.
Democratic selection is always preferable to election by an appointed elite.
Democratic senators can still file floor amendments.
Democratic senators excel at backroom backslapping or cultivating the grass roots.
Democratic socialism is a goal, a method and a way.
Democratic socialism is an international movement for freedom, social justice and solidarity.
Democratic socialism is democratic and communitarian.
Democratic socialism is thereby an oxymoron that has no basis in reality.
Democratic societies are totalitarian whenever they tread on civil liberties.
Democratic societies can maintain continuity between the past, the present and the future.
Democratic societies convene periodic elections.
Democratic society is as much a responsibility as it is a source of freedom.
Every democratic society guarantees the individual the right to dignity and self-determination.
Most democratic societies are likely to find the costs of banning such access too high.
Democratic states are glaringly absent from the top of the list.
Democratic states are notoriously slow to stand up for themselves, but when they do, watch out.
Democratic states are on a much shorter leash of popular acceptance and legitimation.
Democratic states can have peace only if they are strong and morally confident.
All Democratic strategists devote enormous resources to that exact proposition.
Democratic systems are under tremendous stress and a stinking tide of corruption is on the rise.
Democratic theory is nice, but our practice relates more to oligarchy .
Democratic theory is no less unscriptural than divine right monarchy.
Democratic threats abound.
Democratic transition includes changes both in political behaviour and institutional reform.
Democratic transition is a bumpy ride.
Democratic values are ascendant.
Democratic values are too important to piddle with silly elections.
Democratic values come from parents.
Democratic values recognize all cultures and languages as being equal.
Most democratic values come from parents.
Democratic votes tend to be concentrated in a comparatively smaller number of urban districts.
Democratic voters are almost certainly less competent than Republican voters.
Democratic way is the only way to overall development of the country.
Democratisation also demands overcoming corruption .
Democratisation has to go beyond elections.
Democratisation has to go beyond simple rule by the majority to include minorities.
Democratisation is a group action
Democratisation is no longer a foreign word.
Democratization also calls for specific steps and conditions.
Democratization also goes far beyond the mere act of voting.
Democratization carries, in the present context, a dual meaning.
Democratization is a group action
Democratization is a long and complex struggle, constantly marked by advances and setbacks.
Democratization is a long and difficult process.
Democratization is a long-term process.
Democratization is complete.
Democratization is fundamental to the process of economic and political reform.
Democratization is group actions.
Democratization is much more organic and complex.
Democratization is one means to erase social injustices.
Democratization is part and parcel of a common movement for a really democratic world order.
Democratization is perhaps the greatest force of all.
Democratization is seen as an important step towards controlling the potential processes.
Democratization is the most significant challenge of political development in the world today.
Democratization is the work of a generation or more.
Democratization reduces the value of shared resources.
Democratization requires an active, effective civil society.
Democratization requires group leaders to engage in compromise and negotiation.
Democratization thus tends to be at odds with the teaching authority of the hierarchy.
Demodectic mange can cause itching.
Demodectic mange involves the autoimmune system, which is suseptable to such things as stress.
Demodectic mange is a common skin disease in dogs.
Demodectic mange is a red, itchy skin infection that is caused by mites.
Demodectic mange is a result of stress on the immune system.
Demodectic mange is also a problem in the breed.
Demodectic mange is caused by a different kind of mite that is normally present in a dog's skin.
Demodectic mange is caused by a microscopic mite that strikes puppies in their first year of life.
Demodectic mange is more common in oily-skinned shorthairs and pubescent dogs.
Demodectic mange is seen primarily in two forms, juvenile and adult.
Demodectic mange is specific to white-tailed deer and is caused by tiny mites living on the hair.
Demodectic mange is unusual in horses and is seen mainly in immuno-compromised individuals.
A demodulator is a rectifier
Demodulators have to work just at their operating thresholds with little margin for error.
A demographer is a sociologist
Demographers agree that the fertility transition is ultimately caused by a drop in mortality.
Demographers also study sex composition, like the sex ratio .
Demographers are skilled workers.
Demographers are sociologists.
Demographers attribute the drop to many factors, including low immigration and low birth rates.
Demographers attribute the rise to recently arrived immigrants.
Demographers attribute the surge in part to an influx of immigrant families.
Demographers believe the same difference in percentage holds true today.
Demographers call that scenario rosy.
Demographers cite several possible reasons for the changes.
Demographers clearly have to take the role of men seriously in the study of fertility.
Demographers define suburbs based on either residential density or commuting patterns.
Demographers estimate that ninety-percent of the population has Jewish ancestors.
Demographers keep track of things such as the total population on the planet.
Demographers know that the population of the United States is aging.
Demographers like to shape their predictions by projecting existing trends in a straight line.
Demographers make projections about human population growth trends.
Demographers now say cohabitation has become an acceptable stage of life.
Demographers paint a grey picture for the fairer sex.
Demographers point out that economic conditions are unpredictable.
Demographers predict large increases in the multiracial population in the coming years.
Demographers say families run by single mothers tend to be younger and poorer than other families.
Demographers say it is spectacularly typical.
Demographers say it's demographics.
Demographers say more of the same is in store for the entire nation.
Demographers say much of the increase comes from Mexican immigrants.
Demographers say older people make up one of the fastest-growing online populations.
Demographers say retirees are becoming more significant in the shaping of population patterns.
Demographers say that both economic and cultural changes are at work .
Demographers say the city's large number of single moms with young kids holds down the median age.
Demographers say the community is too small and insular to have a stemming effect.
Demographers say the Hispanic growth is driven mainly by an influx of Mexican immigrants.
Demographers say the subdivision mirrors the rest of the city.
Demographers say younger families are replacing older residents as they die or move elsewhere.
Demographers study age compositions, usually by age groups.
Demographers study migration into a population and out of a population.
Demographers suggest that the same percentage applies to other people including our own.
Demographers use a variety of rates, ratios, and other measures to study population.
Demographers warn, however, against making broad assumptions about California's Asian population.
Every demographer knows that the death rate has been falling all over the world.
Many demographers agree.
Some demographic analyses show population size reductions.
Some demographic assumptions use simulation.
Demographic change accounts for most of the drop-off.
Demographic change adds a sense of urgency.
Demographic change affects the number of both potential criminals and potential victims.
Demographic change calls for a new definition of the relationship between the generations.
Demographic change can have sizeable short and long-run effects on saving rates and factors returns.
Demographic change has a major impact on the welfare bill.
Demographic change is underway.
Demographic change occurs slowly, so it is a powerful and accurate forecasting tool.
Demographic changes alter the cultural setting of the community.
Demographic changes are also relevant.
Demographic changes are rapid in both the workplace and the wider community.
Demographic changes continue to affect patterns of college enrollment.
Demographic characteristics affect nutrition risk behaviors in elderly congregate meal participants.
Demographic characteristics vary within the region.
Demographic conditions are also favorable.
Demographic data can be valuable to virtually any type of business.
Demographic data can provide nearly unlimited information about general trends.
Demographic data constitute the primary source for much of the analysis.
Demographic data includes age, sex, birth and death rates, ethnicity, and literacy.
Demographic data indicate that many patients have poor literacy skills.
Demographic data is available at their website.
Demographic data is available by semester for all general academic institutions.
Demographic data is available for Canada and the United States.
Demographic data is available primarily on the web.
Demographic data provides the ability to profile visitors and prescreen for targeted offers.
Demographic data reveal the following for the clients for whom information was obtained.
Demographic data show that the Jewish population went into gradual decline in the subsequent period.
All demographic data is subject to the department's provisions regarding confidentiality.
Demographic diversity is discussed in the text.
Demographic evaluation is made by gender and age.
Demographic facts loom threateningly behind Israel's frenzied development.
Demographic factors affect the student body.
Demographic factors are an influence on learning.
Demographic factors associate with infection.
Demographic factors can have a large impact on the rate of adaptive evolution of a population.
Demographic factors influence growth.
Demographic factors point to booming college enrollments over the next decade.
Demographic factors relate to population size.
Demographic factors relate to size.
Demographic factors relate to small population size.
Demographic factors relate to small size.
Demographic factors weigh in as well.
Most demographic factors associate with infection.
Most demographic factors relate to population size.
Most demographic factors relate to size.
Most demographic factors relate to small population size.
Most demographic factors relate to small size.
Some demographic factors affect success.
Demographic forces are also at work.
All demographic groups are more worried about inequality of services than accountability.
All demographic groups have a positive opinion.
Demographic indicators are major outputs of the analysis of population data.
More demographic info is available to prospective advertisers upon request.
Demographic information can strengthen proposals to corporate sponsors.
Demographic information helps build balance in programs.
Demographic information includes ethnic origin, sex, age, and education.
Demographic information includes factors such as age, gender, marital status and place of residence.
Demographic information includes name, social security number, birth date, ethnic, church, etc.
Demographic information is arranged by enumeration district and household.
Demographic information is available in the table below.
Demographic information is available upon request.
Demographic information is collected at the time of registration.
Demographic information is collected on just about every site.
Demographic information is compiled from active voters only.
Demographic information is completely optional.
Demographic information is considered public, such as name, age, race and address of deceased.
Demographic information is defined as any information related to the identity of the cardholder.
Demographic information is entered into the database manually by coders in the state laboratory.
Demographic information is for internal use only.
Demographic information is listed below.
Demographic information is maintained in a confidential fashion.
Demographic information is obtained on a completely anonymous basis and is stored as such.
Demographic information is provided also.
Demographic information is requested for statistical purposes.
Demographic information is required to do astrology reports.
Demographic information is shared with advertisers and third parties only on an aggregated basis.
Demographic information is shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis.
Demographic information is used only to help match profiles.
Demographic information is used to automatically calculate drug doses.
Demographic information is used to compare key quality of life issues.
Demographic information is used to create statistical data for our own reference.
Demographic information is useful for marketing, health purposes and government planning.
All demographic information is optional.
Any demographic information is given voluntarily.
Some demographic information has already been pre-loaded, please check for accuracy.
Some demographic information is available online.
Some demographic information is featured below.
Some demographic information is identified on the registration form as being optional.
Demographic numbers tell the story.
Some demographic parameters contribute to expansion.
Some demographic parameters contribute to range expansion.
Demographic phenomena are intricately and inseparably part of the fabric of society as a whole.
Demographic polls indicate that men significantly outnumber women online.
Demographic pressures are relentless.
Demographic profile shows honesty users are a great audience.
Demographic projections indicate a continually changing America.
Demographic projections indicate that the pool of highly talented people is shrinking.
Demographic questions are fully customizable.
Demographic research shows that precisely the opposite is true.
Demographic segmentation includes a. sex and age.
Demographic segmentation is one of the simplest and most widely used forms of market segmentation.
Demographic shifts are one reason for investor interest in higher education.
More demographic shifts are inevitable.
Demographic statistics describe the composition of the reporting group.
Demographic stochasticity influences individual reproductive status, survival status and fecundity.
Demographic studies indicate a cancer-protective effect of SPs on the breast and endometrium.
Demographic studies show that our society is rapidly changing.
Demographic studies tell an urgent story.
All demographic surveys suffer from undercoverage of the population.
All demographic surveys suffer from undercoverage.
Demographic trends imply that such problems are likely to affect growing numbers of older people.
Demographic trends indicate dramatic changes as the population of the United States ages.
Demographic trends indicate people are busy and value their free time.
Demographic trends mean no new supply of young people to pay pensions for older workers.
Demographic trends promise help for the oversupply problem.
Demographic trends show that the number of elderly people is on the increase.
Demographic trends tend to favor a rise in demand for remodeling.
Demographic variables are also important.
Demographic variables are important determinants of behavior.
Demographic variables cover age, education, and sex.
A demographic is a statistic
Demographics accounts for part of the quandary.
Demographics alone tell the story.
Demographics also bolster education businesses.
Demographics also change and the citizenry to be protected has become much more diverse.
Demographics also come into play.
DemoGraphics also does special training for creatives.
Demographics also favor the new buildings.
Demographics also have a significant effect.
Demographics also play an important role, in particular, the migration of people.
Demographics also play an important role.
Demographics also provides some insight into the type of housing units constructed.
Demographics also seem to support Salem.
Demographics also underpin the cancer-drug debate.
Demographics also work against many baby boomers who stay loyal.
Demographics are a case in point.
Demographics are a mystery here.
Demographics are also an important consideration.
Demographics are an excellent indicator of areas underexposed to large-center retailing.
Demographics are an important reason.
Demographics are another factor.
Demographics are behind the short supply.
Demographics are crucial because they point to emerging opportunities.
Demographics are demographics.
Demographics are easy to find and select.
Demographics are favorable, especially for the coloring segment.
Demographics are helpful.
Demographics are important considerations.
Demographics are important since sponsors want to reach specific audience members.
Demographics are important.
Demographics are like the foundation of a building.
Demographics are more complicated.
Demographics are necessary.
Demographics are nice to know, but they can also kill sales.
Demographics are on the side of supporters of current church law.
Demographics are one factor.
Demographics are one such predetermined element.
Demographics are partly to blame.
Demographics are relatively easy to find but psychographics can be difficult to determine.
Demographics are statistics.
Demographics are tangible, measurable facts that distinguish one group of people from another.
Demographics are the primary force behind the looming teacher crunch.
Demographics are the same as projected above.
Demographics are the statistical characteristics of a human population.
Demographics are the statistical characteristics of a population.
Demographics can alter the picture for future years.
Demographics can dramatically affect business decisions.
Demographics contains information on Arizona's fast-growing population.
Demographics continue to support retirement-savings flows.
Demographics deliver population and language.
Demographics demand it.
Demographics describe our community in terms of population, age and ethnicity.
Demographics describes growth segments in terms of potential smokers.
Demographics dictate it.
Demographics dictate message, and browsing habits dictate placement of promotional activities.
Demographics do seem to play a role, though.
Demographics expand the margin of profit right off the page.
Demographics favor Latin America.
Demographics Find out city populations, median age, median income and more.
Demographics Form .
Demographics fundamentally drives business.
Demographics have an impact on what kind of congregation is healthy.
Demographics illustrate the rapid change in our society.
Demographics Includes several links to sites with world-wide demographic and population statistics.
Demographics indicate a good balance of age groups.
Demographics indicate a higher military than civilian rate.
Demographics indicate a smaller pool of students in upcoming years and competition is severe.
Demographics indicate what they want.
Demographics is a compilation of marketing information.
Demographics is a powerful tool of divide and rule.
Demographics is a quantitative approach to audience analysis.
Demographics is another element.
Demographics is another good theme.
Demographics is destiny.
Demographics is one factor.
Demographics is one of the more accurate sciences in predicting the future.
Demographics is perhaps the most important animus behind Japan's unwired revolution.
Demographics is the adjective describing the various characteristics of a population.
Demographics is the study of population characteristics and changes.
Demographics is the study of population.
Demographics is the study of the number of people in relation to their environment.
Demographics Listed below are reference books which provide information on demographics.
Demographics make the Internet juicy turf for matchmakers.
Demographics matter only as far as they have an impact on prospects for development.
Demographics matters, too, when it comes to charity.
Demographics play a key role.
Demographics play a role, too.
Demographics play an important part.
Demographics plays a large role in our marketplace.
Demographics prove that it's changing.
Demographics really count.
Demographics remain favorable as baby boomers mature and prosper.
Demographics research to identify markets.
Demographics shift, and politicians come and go.
Demographics show baby boomers are bulging a bit too much around the waistline.
Demographics show one thing.
Demographics show that intergenerational warriors promote a false, poisonous cause.
Demographics show that the Web boasts quite a desirable audience.
Demographics speak louder than anything.
Demographics suggest a more footloose population.
Demographics suggest an increase in incidences of mental health disease as the population ages.
Demographics suggest that tractor owners have a high relationship with stock car racing.
Demographics supply the compelling facts governing social security payments and taxes.
Demographics support continued demand for housing.
Demographics Take a look at the demographics of the typical gym goer.
Demographics times out on large rings.
Demographics varies with each club, primarily based on geographic location.
Demographics work against disease management, too.
Demographics usually are an aspect of the larger Social issue.
All demographics indicate that the population of the United States is aging rapidly.
More demographics are available on the county's Web site .
Most demographics are at home, doing fireworks at home.
Some demographics based on the first-day class list are also available.
Demographical relations are no less significant.
Demographical surveys show that most horoscope readers are female.
Demographics changes give units major recruitment, retention, and curriculum challenges.
A demography is a sociology
Demographies are sociologies.
Demography discourages references to unpublished or obscure works.
Demography displays fertility and mortality graphically as functions of age.
Demography drives human destiny.
Demography Is Destiny .
Demography isa science.
Demography simulates exponential growth in age-strutured populations.
A demoiselle is a bony fish
Demoiselle isa girl.
Demoiselles are more energetic and more ballet-like in their dancing compared to other cranes.
Demoiselles establish territory.
Demoiselles have (part) arms.
Demoiselles have (part) cell membranes.
Demoiselles have (part) cells.
Demoiselles have (part) cytoplasm.
Demoiselles have (part) heads.
Demoiselles have (part) legs.
Demoiselles have (part) necks.
Demoiselles have (part) nuclei.
Demoiselles have (part) personality.
Demoiselles have (part) plasma membranes.
Demoiselles have (part) sections.
Demoiselles have (part) vacuoles.
Demoiselles have (part) woman's bodies.
Demoiselles have ability.
Demoiselles maintain separate social groups within the larger flock.
Most demoiselles establish territory.
Most demoiselles have ability.
Demokratisk reformism och dess kritiker.
Demolished units are part of total counts by category.
Demolition charges explode in the turbine room.
Demolition derbies come closest.
Demolition derby has an odd, apocalyptic beauty to it.
Demolition waste comes from buildings and other structures that are torn down.
Demolition can be an expensive cost component of a redevelopment project.
Demolition can cost as much as building a reactor.
Demolition can happen overnight, but preservation takes months and sometimes years.
Demolition comes after years of delay.
Demolition Consists of the removal of timber, steel and concrete structures and buildings.
Demolition costs to prepare the site of a non-instructional facility.
Demolition costs to prepare the site of an instructional facility.
Demolition Existing structures that are to be demolished require a separate demolition permit.
Demolition involves lead paint and asbestos abatement.
Demolition is a conclusion
Demolition is already under way.
Demolition is an addition option.
Demolition is currently underway on the elevator core in the two-story garage.
Demolition is currently underway.
Demolition is destruction.
Demolition is fun to a point.
Demolition is most often unnecessary.
Demolition is nearly total.
Demolition is planned to begin after commencement.
Demolition is programmed to move back and forth, while flashing lights and a siren rings.
Demolition is the worst case scenario, but it has happened.
Demolition is, with rare exception, the consequence of dereliction of duty on several fronts.
Demolition isa happening.
Demolition isa occurrence.
Demolition makes way for a new fireplace area as well as a reconfigured lounge space.
Demolition means the tearing down or intentional burning of a building or part of a building.
Demolition nears completion.
Demolition occurs over the summer.
Demolition Permits Required prior to a building being torn down.
Demolition Take on the job of a demolition expert by placing explosives and blowing up buildings.
Demolition uses the gearing up system.
Demolitions are the total number of housing units lost from permits issued for demolitions.
All demolition is complete.
All demolitions require notification, even when no asbestos is present.
Some demolition brings benefits.
A demon is evil spirit
Demons affect our minds, wills, and emotions.
Demons also come into the child during birth by operation and drugs.
Demons are a ghoul's best friend.
Demons are able to possess anything with a brain, from a chicken to a human being.
Demons are about grey hopelessness, grim destruction, decadence and corruption.
Demons are active in less obvious ways than the occult.
Demons are actors.
Demons are atheists in their behavior, but fundamentalists in their beliefs.
Demons are bad.
Demons are beings that set out to cause people harm.
Demons are beings who have fallen into ugliness, into meanness and weakness and every vice.
Demons are big, pink, and ugly.
Demons are books.
Demons are by nature the same kind of spirit beings as angels.
Demons are by no means our friends.
Demons are deceivers and liars too.
Demons are deceivers.
Demons are dictators of no further use to Washington.
Demons are everywhere.
Demons are fallen angels who have become warped in thought and behavior.
Demons are fallen angels.
Demons are full of lies and untruth.
Demons are heathen gods.
Demons are insidious.
Demons are intelligent and can even be talked to and reasoned with.
Demons are invisible spiritual beings, part of the ranks of evil angels.
Demons are like air.
Demons are like stalking lions, watching for easy prey.
Demons are like that.
Demons are masters at deceit.
Demons are minute compared to the fallen angels-fearful but more irritating than anything.
Demons are more than psychological problems.
Demons are negative spiritual entities.
Demons are numerous.
Demons are orthodox in their belief.
Demons are orthodox in their beliefs.
Demons are orthodox.
Demons are persons, though the Greek word is neuter.
Demons are powerful.
Demons are powerless to change the course of history.
Demons are real.
Demons Are Real.
Demons are responsible for many, many sicknesses.
Demons are smarter then men.
Demons are spirit beings with the principle characteristics of personality.
Demons are still active in defiling mankind today.
Demons are the disembodied evil spirits of the giants.
Demons are the disembodied spirits of the nephilim after the flood.
Demons are the eighth of the fairy families.
Demons are the pigs of the new testament.
Demons are the spiritual agents acting in all idolatry.
Demons are unfriendly.
Demons are unoriginal.
Demons are very orthodox.
Demons are very stubborn.
Demons attack and attack.
Demons believe in biblical doctrines.
Demons can afflict, and possess the unregenerate .
Demons can also inhabit the realm of the soul.
Demons can also suppress others.
Demons can attack with no sin involved on the victims' part as in the case of children.
Demons can be very stubborn and highly seductive.
Demons can behave like angels and vice versa.
Demons can have nests in the body which have substance.
Demons can inhabit religious places.
Demons can lie dormant while waiting for the right opportunity to strike.
Demons can make the person that they possess sick.
Demons can possess someone.
Demons can speak, too.
Demons come out at night and parade around the graves outside the cathedral.
Demons defile the world.
Demons die if they can be found.
Demons disrupt human life rather than make it whole.
Demons fill that hole.
Demons finally corrode the sense of life.
Demons get in the way of that.
Demons hate to hear it, and they flee when it is played or sung.
Demons haunt the night, bent on causing anarchy, enslaving humanity, and destroying civilization.
Demons have great intelligence.
Demons have knowledge.
Demons have misconceptions about being stuck to a body or other demons.
Demons is a loopy, wild ride that engages and unnerves.
Demons is so much wind.
Demons kill the thieves and are destroyed, in turn, by a priest.
Demons know demons.
Demons lack sanctification.
Demons light up like they're sitting under a black light lending to some interesting images.
Demons live in deserts or ruins.
Demons love to encourage idolatry and to torment the idolater.
Demons merely pretend to be departed humans.
Demons only exist within.
Demons operate best in the dark, in hidden places where they go undetected.
Demons react to the anointing.
Demons seek only darkness.
Demons seek to have power over and to manipulate others.
Demons seem to receive vicarious pleasure from tormenting and generally ruining a person's life.
Demons snare about trying to block the path.
Demons stand near to encourage the deed, as they seal the poor child's doom.
Demons swirl into mosaic tiles on the floor.
Demons take the forms of men and women and move through the world causing destruction.
Demons tend to literally kill and eat their way up their hierarchy.
Demons try to recruit bomber.
Demons utilize spells and magic against their foes.
Demons win converts by accommodating foolish human demands, but they soon control their victims.
Demons work just like the grass sod.
Demons work on legal grounds most of the time.
Demons always say such things . . .
Demons frequently confirm that the Bible is true.
Demons often attack in packs.
Demons often claim credit for sin or a trage-dy, trying to profess more power than they possess.
Demons usually operate in groups.
Most demons come out immediately.
Most demons do it that way.
Most demons have both a ranged and a close-in attack.
Some demons are just like the bear.
Some demons are like computers.
Some demons are silly, like spoiled children.
Some demons have a nanorian for a heart.
Some demons try to pull men into a fiery pit and one does fall.
Demonetization is likely to weigh on economic activity in the short term.
Demonic activity increases when there is something great about to happen in the spiritual realm.
Demonic being is defined as the use of others to serve the purposes of a few.
Demonic desperation is a problem associated with the lateness of the hour.
Demonic hands have to look out for rat traps.
Demonic humans are another matter.
Demonic infantry are fortress garrisons.
Demonic influence is only evident in extreme or violentbehavior and gross sin.
Demonic interference is the reason.
Demonic possession sets in as the weeks roll by.
Demonic strongholds litter the land in the form of temples.
Demonic suggestion follows hard on the heels of angelic inspiration.
Demonic vine terrorizes a small publishing house.
Demonization is a psychological warfare.
Demonization is a time-honored technique of propagandists.
Demonization is always an over-simplification.
Demonization is condemnation
Demonization is destructive even when applied to truly violent offenders.
Demonization is neither analysis nor discourse.
Demonization is psychological warfare.
Demonization is the answer.
Demonization is the most often used formula for severing the connection with our negative faction.
Demonization is what is at the root of most of our recent troubles.
Demonization occurs when the other s motives are negatively construed.
Demonization pervades the press, publishing, and movie industries.
Demonstrable prototypes exist in Dutch and Japanese and additional languages are in development.
Demonstrate assessment skills in how they describe, analyse and evaluate mental health needs.
Demonstrate computer read and write data transfer operations.
Demonstrate leadership skills through interaction with others as a professional nurse.
Demonstrate paint can with marbles on the lid.
Demonstrate team play in a game situation.
Demonstrated ability is required prior to the beginning of class.
Demonstrated ability working with the public and press are essential.
Demonstrated experience calling on decision makers in large, national corporations is preferred.
Demonstrated experience designing, implementing, and maintaining complex algorithms is essential.
Demonstrated experience managing multiple projects of comparable complexity is required.
Demonstrated experience working with high-level partner and executives is essential.
Demonstrated leadership potential a plus.
Demonstrated problem solving abilities is desired.
Demonstrated proficiency is required for successful completion.
Demonstrated skill teaching at the undergraduate level is required.
Demonstrated talent is a more important criterion than scholastic achievement.
Demonstration Events are new classes added by the race sponsor.
A demonstration is a show
Demonstration accounts available.
Demonstration can involve showing work techniques, tools and other instruments in action.
Demonstration comes with a homemade cannon, a tennis ball, a lighter and lighter fluid.
Demonstration covers pearl farming, operating nucleus into mother of pearl oysters and harvesting.
Demonstration depends on clearly perceived proofs.
Demonstration employs a formal language or imitates one.
Demonstration features five recipes.
Demonstration Find out more by viewing an online interactive overview.
Demonstration Give demonstration of the subject, taking care to do it correctly the first time.
Demonstration includes activities for school age children.
Demonstration includes recycled clothing, shoes, and carpet for students to learn from.
Demonstration involves using strobe lights to stop the action of things moving at high speeds.
Demonstration is a great teaching method.
Demonstration is a way of forcing the right conclusion.
Demonstration is another way of making expectations clear.
Demonstration is at the very heart of the training.
Demonstration is available.
Demonstration is by previous course work, life experience learning, or testing.
Demonstration is free and open to everyone.
Demonstration is given to adapt the massage as the baby grows.
Demonstration is given to adapt the massage for premature infants and as the child grows.
Demonstration is included with museum admission.
Demonstration is merely a showing of the obvious.
Demonstration is the preferred method for teaching computer skills.
Demonstration is yielded by it that science was originally a part of religion.
Demonstration isa entertainment.
Demonstration link to view the type of data available.
Demonstration proves air safety of parachute.
Demonstration Put on the safety goggles and gloves.
Demonstration shows the pressure of water is dependent on the height of the water column above it.
Demonstration Take a look at the Internet Investor Calculators demo.
Demonstration Take the glass container filled with water.
Demonstration Take the opportunity to interact with a demonstration of our virtual classroom .
Demonstration takes place on the eve on Finnish day of independence.
Demonstration verschoben wird.
Demonstration View a working example of a data collection form .
Demonstration View a working example of a discussion forum .
Demonstration View a working example of a meeting room .
Demonstrations accelerate against the Vietnam War.
Demonstrations also help people learn.
Demonstrations also serve to interrupt the lecture.
Demonstrations also take place in Cape Town and Durban.
Demonstrations also take place in Germany.
Demonstrations andhands-on activities complement the lecture topics.
Demonstrations are a great display of our disgust at the way the system crushes people down.
Demonstrations are a regular occurrence in Washington, D.C., but are generally peaceful.
Demonstrations are a very good thing for people to express themselves.
Demonstrations are a way of life in Mexico City.
Demonstrations are able to be downloaded.
Demonstrations are also a common method of instruction.
Demonstrations are also available by making advance arrangements.
Demonstrations are also of great interest.
Demonstrations are also valuable to evaluate new products in their working environments.
Demonstrations are also welcome.
Demonstrations are an everyday occurrence.
Demonstrations are an important aspect of an interactive classroom session.
Demonstrations are another feature of the groups activities.
Demonstrations are available at no charge.
Demonstrations are available by appointment.
Demonstrations are available for download.
Demonstrations are available for serious inquiries.
Demonstrations are available in both companies' exhibit spaces.
Demonstrations are available on a few important fungi known primarily as imperfect fungi.
Demonstrations are available on most models to qualified organizations.
Demonstrations are available on most models.
Demonstrations are available over the internet.
Demonstrations are available to any group by appointment.
Demonstrations are available upon request.
Demonstrations are available.
Demonstrations are communicating.
Demonstrations are desirable when appropriate.
Demonstrations are difficult if there are many people.
Demonstrations are episodic, initiated in large numbers in some periods and absent in others.
Demonstrations are free with museum admission.
Demonstrations are free, entry charges to the exhibition apply.
Demonstrations are free.
Demonstrations are great recruitment tools.
Demonstrations are in the live documentation.
Demonstrations are in the planning stage.
Demonstrations are located in classes.
Demonstrations are military operations.
Demonstrations are often helpful because they can serve as models for how something is done.
Demonstrations are open to all.
Demonstrations are optional.
Demonstrations are powerful proof.
Demonstrations are proof.
Demonstrations are protests.
Demonstrations are self-paced and informal.
Demonstrations are shows.
Demonstrations are similar, although they sometimes lack the direct professional context.
Demonstrations are sometimes appropriate, and fun.
Demonstrations are subject to change in the event of inclement weather.
Demonstrations are useful as a tool to ensure best usage of electronic products.
Demonstrations are visual communication.
Demonstrations begin in Charlotte.
Demonstrations break out, and hundreds are arrested and jailed.
Demonstrations can also explain why something happens the way it does.
Demonstrations can be a performance in their own right or linked to a particular play.
Demonstrations can be primary or secondary.
Demonstrations can be supported, please contact the organizers.
Demonstrations can be time-consuming, but very useful.
Demonstrations can cause serious traffic disruptions, but they are usually announced in advance.
Demonstrations can disrupt traffic, but are generally announced in advance and are usually peaceful.
Demonstrations can often turn violent, and innocent bystanders can be targeted.
Demonstrations can range from one-half hour to an hour or more.
Demonstrations can reflect the teacher's enthusiasm for the subject matter as well.
Demonstrations can run in either step mode or movie mode.
Demonstrations consist of a variety of feats of strength, martial arts skill, and theatric flair.
Demonstrations consist of methods of operation and testing of various types of electrical apparatus.
Demonstrations consist of much more than just working metal.
Demonstrations continue in various international and nearby cities.
Demonstrations continue to be part of every day life.
Demonstrations continue to take place in many cities, creating even more problems.
Demonstrations continue, although mostly on social issues.
Demonstrations count as a lab exams.
Demonstrations cover a variety of topics including acids and bases, polymers, reactions, and others.
Demonstrations do happen here and on other campuses - as long as it's peaceful, it's ok.
Demonstrations emphasize variety trials, fertility and irrigation conditions.
Demonstrations give visitors a more in-depth look.
Demonstrations give visitors the opportunity to look more closely at some of the sea creatures.
Demonstrations graphically display some of the fascinating skills needed by master artisans.
Demonstrations have features.
Demonstrations help members review what they have learned and gain self-confidence.
Demonstrations help students draw connections between abstract ideas and concrete phenomena.
Demonstrations illustrate concepts.
Demonstrations illustrate how course materials are developed and implemented.
Demonstrations illustrate how they effect the course of light rays.
Demonstrations illustrate nature of minerals, rocks, landforms geological maps.
Demonstrations illustrate properties.
Demonstrations illustrate the nature of minerals, rocks, landforms, and geological maps.
Demonstrations include activities.
Demonstrations include research activities.
Demonstrations introduce students to interesting perceptual phenomena.
Demonstrations invite discussion.
Demonstrations involve use.
Demonstrations involve violence.
Demonstrations meet in the open and last about one hour.
Demonstrations occur and have the potential to suddenly turn violent.
Demonstrations occur in both urban and rural areas.
Demonstrations presenting the differences between traditional and commercial pottery are available.
Demonstrations prove ability.
Demonstrations provide a greater understanding of mining techniques and panning for gold.
Demonstrations provide an excellent forum for addressing controversial issues.
Demonstrations provide an introduction to practical courses given in materials engineering.
Demonstrations provide ideas.
Demonstrations provide variety and allow participants to be more interactive.
Demonstrations reinforce lectures, and time is allocated for questions.
Demonstrations reveal stunning tracks from cosmic rays and ambient radionuclide decay events.
Demonstrations run every hour.
Demonstrations See additional screenshots of example digital dashboards.
Demonstrations See how technology is being used for teaching .
Demonstrations See it in action.
Demonstrations show ease.
Demonstrations show facts.
Demonstrations show how the lock worked.
Demonstrations show how to respond effectively and what to avoid doing when confronted in anger.
Demonstrations show the independent or combined moves of catheter and guidewire.
Demonstrations spread all through the occupied territories and spilled over into Israel proper.
Demonstrations start every half-hour.
Demonstrations stress the use of hand tools and simple test equipment in diagnos tics.
Demonstrations stress the use of hand tools and simple test equipment in diagnostics.
Demonstrations supplement class work.
Demonstrations support lecture ideas.
Demonstrations take place at twenty different booths at various times of the day, all four days.
Demonstrations taking place at various shops and exhibits illustrate the powder making process.
Demonstrations tend to get coverage.
Demonstrations using liquid nitrogen show the effects of low temperatures.
Demonstrations vary from topic to topic but they are all fun for the whole family.
Demonstrations vividly display the process of ground water contamination.
Demonstrations Watch the hatting demonstrators as they reveal the art and mystery of hat making.
Demonstrations frequently are useful.
Demonstrations frequently disrupt traffic on major highways and in downtown Lima.
All demonstrations are complimentary.
All demonstrations are free and by appointment only.
All demonstrations are free with general admission.
All demonstrations are free with museum admission.
All demonstrations are free.
All demonstrations are live, and visitors are welcome to ask questions throughout the show.
All demonstrations are on-line.
All demonstrations are peaceful but full of emotional charge.
All demonstrations share a common computer interface.
All demonstrations utilize nonalcoholic mixes.
Every demonstration is an infidel.
Every demonstration is carried out with the simplest of materials, and with the minimum amount.
Every demonstration is orchestrated, by someone, or some core group of people.
Every demonstration requires a foundation.
Many demonstrations can take place adjacent to where the vendor is situated.
Many demonstrations use computer software, data probes and large screen projection.
Most demonstrations are stationary, within the police barricades.
Most demonstrations have features.
Most demonstrations illustrate concepts.
Most demonstrations illustrate properties.
Most demonstrations incorrectly focus on friction.
Most demonstrations involve use.
Most demonstrations involve violence.
Most demonstrations prove ability.
Most demonstrations provide ideas.
Most demonstrations show ease.
Most demonstrations show facts.
Some demonstrations are available.
Some demonstrations are hands on and some many require a small fee for supplies.
Some demonstrations are hands-on.
Some demonstrations are highly technical and deal with the intricacies of specific procedures.
Some demonstrations give feedback.
Some demonstrations illustrate behavior.
Some demonstrations illustrate motion.
Some demonstrations illustrate the concepts and the techniques.
Some demonstrations illustrate variation.
Some demonstrations indicate results.
Some demonstrations involve balloons.
Some demonstrations involve charge.
Some demonstrations rely on principles.
Some demonstrations show differences.
Some demonstrations support ideas.
Some demonstrations use gases.
Some demonstrations use high pressure gases.
Some demonstrations use mixture.
Some demonstrations use pressure gases.
Demonstrational facsimiles are all that are necessary.
Demonstrative adjectives are demonstrative pronouns placed before nouns they modify.
Demonstrative evidence is a familiar courtroom tool.
Demonstrative evidence is a key component of our litigation support services.
Demonstrative evidence is classified as a model or reproduction of the real thing.
Demonstrative evidence is generally invaluable in a courtroom.
Demonstrative evidence is intended to be an adjunct to testimony.
Demonstrative evidence is physical evidence that can be seen or touched.
Demonstrative evidence works.
A demonstrative is a pronoun
Demonstratives have to agree in number and gender with the noun they determine.
Demonstratives point out.
A demonstrator is a teacher
Demonstrators also dress in period costumes.
Demonstrators are another concern.
Demonstrators are available in all practicals to help and to explain what is happening.
Demonstrators are organizations.
Demonstrators are out.
Demonstrators are reformers.
Demonstrators are responsible for paying for their own rooms.
Demonstrators are responsible for securing their own tractors for use in demos.
Demonstrators are salespersons.
Demonstrators are teachers.
Demonstrators are trouble makers.
Demonstrators are under construction at the technology level, the link and the system level.
Demonstrators are upset with the summit's mission.
Demonstrators assist with the practical sessions, giving one to one assistance as needed.
Demonstrators attempt to build support by hooting at secretaries and office workers in suits.
Demonstrators begin to march off.
Demonstrators block ships from unloading cargo and disrupt trade meetings.
Demonstrators briefly take the stage.
Demonstrators build a dike while they wait for a change of tide.
Demonstrators can prepare any recipe that contains soyfoods.
Demonstrators can protest and take corporations to court, but the problem is much deeper.
Demonstrators can raise their visibility through the use of picket signs or a banner.
Demonstrators can use a poster to illustrate their applications.
Demonstrators carry crosses bearing names of innocent Latin American victims.
Demonstrators charge security forces and are driven back by tear gas.
Demonstrators clash with police.
Demonstrators clash with riot police.
Demonstrators continue putting pressure on the cops.
Demonstrators demand entrance to Indonesia's parliament.
Demonstrators discuss their plans.
Demonstrators display banners in preparation for their action.
Demonstrators employ banned Belarusian national symbols in imaginative ways.
Demonstrators face riot police in the haze caused by a smoke bomb.
Demonstrators gather at the farms.
Demonstrators gather daily at the port to protest the off-loading of any and all military equipment.
Demonstrators gather in Chicago's parks waiting to march on the convention hall.
Demonstrators have no plans for attempting to be arrested, according to organizers.
Demonstrators have no right to deprive thousands of park visitors of a nationally significant sight.
Demonstrators have to stay on the sidewalk or rightmost lane.
Demonstrators head to center city, staging mass demonstrations throughout the city.
Demonstrators hoist the Eritrean flag during a peace march in downtown Asmara.
Demonstrators insist that the violence was instigated by pro-KMT collaborators.
Demonstrators learn all about the products they are representing.
Demonstrators mill tentatively, police seem stunned.
Demonstrators occupy key facilties in city center.
Demonstrators pay airfare, hotel expenses and shipping.
Demonstrators plan several marches a day to the site.
Demonstrators say that the police also fired live ammunition as warning shots.
Demonstrators say the island and nearby sea floor are littered with live ordnance.
Demonstrators say the lure of profit is blinding officials to health concerns.
Demonstrators say the organization contributes to the deaths of thousands of sea turtles every year.
Demonstrators see the matter very differently, however.
Demonstrators sit on parliament's roof while thousands take over the grounds.
Demonstrators sit peacefully for one hour everytime a country tests a nuclear device.
Demonstrators take to the streets.
Demonstrators tend to focus on a few main themes.
Demonstrators throw rocks at riot police amidst a heavy tear gas assault.
Demonstrators urge sending international peace-keeping force to Gaza and West Bank.
Demonstrators work on china making and painting and there is an enticing shop.
All demonstrators are responsible for providing their own equipment for the demo.
Most demonstrators camp out.
Most Demonstrators stand on their feet for long hours and work under fluorescent lights.
Some demonstrators carry a wounded friend to a nearby ambulance.
Some demonstrators decide to go limp when being arrested.
Some demonstrators go inside.
Some Demonstrators use visual aids such as charts, slides, or films in the demonstration.
Demoralisation goes deeper than economic exploitation.
Demoralisation is a degradation
Demoralisation is rife.
Demoralization can set in.
Demoralization caused by vast unemployment is our greatest extravagance.
Demoralization is a degradation
Demoralization is certainly one of the of the most interesting of the stresses patients experience.
Demoralization is confusion.
Demoralization is degradations.
Demoralization is depressions.
Demoralized organizations are unlikely to be able to deal with multiple objectives in their actions.
Demotic texts contain examples of the noun w in two other compounds.
Demotion can violate the statute when it is the functional equivalent of removal from a job.
Demotion is a distinct possibility.
Demotion is an action
Demotion is limited to classifications previously held, with status, by the employee.
Demotion is organisation.
Demotion is the assignment to a lower classified position.
Demotion means a change in duty assignment to a position of lower rank.
Demotion normally carries with it a salary decrease.
Demotion occurs when an employee moves to a lower pay grade.
Demotions are a part of baseball and the player heading down is never happy about it.
Demotions can be very damaging.
Demountable partitions are reusable and usually contain recycled materials.
Demountable rims become standard on closed cars, and optional on open cars.
A demulcent is medicine
Demulcents are useful for coughs originating above the larynx.
A demurrage is a delay
Demurrage has nothing to do with car-hire, and everything to do with use of railroad resources.
Demurrages are charge.
Demurrages are delays.
Demurrages are penalties for delays in the loading and unloading of goods.
A demurrer is a due process
Demurrers are general and special, and demurrers to evidence, and to interrogatories.
Demyelinated axons are alive, but can no longer conduct impulses.
Demyelinated axons can exhibit remarkable abilities to function despite losing their myelin.
A demyelination is disorder
Demyelination can also reduce the safety factor of conduction.
Demyelination causes loss of saltatory conduction.
Demyelination facilitates axonal regeneration.
Demyelination is the loss of myelin from nerves.
Demyelination is usually significant.
Demyelination leads to progressive dysfunction such as seen in multiple sclerosis.
Demyelination occurs and is limited to the area of the perivenous cellular cuff.
Demyelination occurs during the inflammatory phase of the lesion.
Demyelination occurs in peripheral nerves and nerve roots.
Demyelination refers to scaring related to abnoralities of myelin in the brain.
Den model has French doors with bay window at waters edge.
A den is habitation
Den isa habitat.
Dens are an important resource to octopus during all benthic life stages.
Dens are available in both one and two bedroom floor plans.
Dens are created by animals.
Dens are created by burrowing into soil under rocks.
Dens are created by other animals.
Dens are either permanent, or used alternately with other dens.
Dens are hidden in areas, such as a hollow log or in a hole dug under the roots of a tree.
Dens are holes in tree trunks, which are also lined with soft material.
Dens are in every family.
Dens are just large enough for bears to squeeze into.
Dens are lined with dry moss or fur for warmth.
Dens are located in caves.
Dens are located in hollow logs or under logs, stumps, roots, brush piles, or rocks.
Dens are located in mountainsides.
Dens are made in rock caves, rabbit burrows and hollow logs usually close to a water source.
Dens are of two types depending on water level fluctuations.
Dens are part of dwellings.
Dens are rooms.
Dens are small caves usually in rock or other areas, where the dog feels at home.
Dens are stadiums.
Dens are temporary except when raising young.
Dens are typically tunnels that extend six to fourteen feet into the earth.
Dens are units.
Dens are used for animals.
Dens are used for home offices.
Dens are used for protection, sleeping and breeding.
Dens are used for reading.
Dens are used for resting.
Dens are used for shelter and raising young.
Dens are used for studyings.
Dens are used for working.
Dens are usually hollow stumps, tree cavities, or wherever there is shelter.
Dens are usually in rocky outcroppings in the hills, or in deep animal burrows.
Dens are usually in the center of a home range.
Dens can be considerably cooler than outside air temperatures.
Dens can be hollow trees, rock crevices or piles of leaves on the ground.
Dens can be underground or above ground, even in hollow trees or in the branches of dense trees.
Dens contain individuals.
Dens generally describe holes or burrows that foxes dig in the dirt.
Dens have entrances.
Dens have underwater entrances.
Dens include holes.
Dens meet at different times and locations.
Dens meet at separate times and locations.
Dens meet weekly, working on age-appropriate projects.
Dens offer protection from cold and wet weather and safety from predators.
Dens protect newborn cubs from winter's temperature extremes.
Dens provide safety and protection from the elements.
Dens provide security.
Dens provide shelter.
Dens tend to drop all their leaves and leave nothing but the cane.
Dens vary greatly in size, sometimes accommodating entire communities of hyenas.
Dens often have a side chamber used as a store room for surplus slain mice.
Dens often have multiple openings to allow for emergency escape.
Dens often serve as shelters for foxes.
Dens usually consist of a system of burrows beneath a rock-overhang or cliffs.
Dens usually meet once a week after school while school is in session.
All dens are temporary because mink move frequently.
All Dens bring decorations for tree.
Most dens are created by animals.
Most dens are created by other animals.
Most dens are lined with leaves, grass, or rotted wood.
Most dens are nearly as chilly as the surrounding countryside.
Most dens are only large enough to accommodate a bear when it is curled up.
Most dens are oval shape, six to nine feet long and about six feet in height and width.
Most dens contain individuals.
Most dens have at least two openings.
Most dens have entrances.
Most dens have southerly exposure.
Most dens have underwater entrances.
Most dens meet weekly, except when there is a pack meeting.
Most dens provide security.
Most dens provide shelter.
Some dens are occupied by skunks.
Some dens have branches.
Some dens have entrance holes.
Some dens have holes.
Some dens have several branches.
Some dens have TV's, radios, and other items.
Some Dens meet right after school, others meet in the evenings.
Some dens offer protection.
Denali headsets are the perfect landing.
A denationalization is social control
Denationalization is an economic and speedy way to determine rightful ownership.
A denaturant is a substance
Denaturants used in industry vary in types and amounts.
Some denature proteins make up skin.
Denatured alcohol is an effective sterilizing agent, as is rubbing alcohol or household bleach.
Denatured alcohol is an ethanol
Denatured alcohol is available in both synthetic or fermentation grades.
Denatured alcohol is ethanol with something added to make it undrinkable.
Denatured alcohol is usually good for clean up purposes.
Denatured alcohol works great for three specific stains.
Denatured spirit is used in spirit lamps, for disinfectant effects, in wood polish, etc.
Most denaturing agents require water as a reactive participant.
Denavir cream is clearly a better choice for oral cold sores for most people.
Denavir cream is smooth and nongreasy.
Dende oil is a palm oil high in saturated fat.
Dende oil is Brazilian palm oil, available in Latin American markets.
A dendrite is fiber
A dendrite is fibre
Dendrite isa fiber.
Dendrite isa fibre.
Dendrites are also the target of numerous inhibitory synapses.
Dendrites are branches in axons.
Dendrites are cellular projections whose primary function is to receive synaptic signals.
Dendrites are devoid of voltage dependent channels necessary to produce an action potential.
Dendrites are extended, contracted and moved between different pairs of keratinocytes continuously.
Dendrites are extensions from the cell.
Dendrites are extensions of neurons that receive signals from other neurons.
Dendrites are extensions of the nerve cell membrane that receive the input from other nerve cells.
Dendrites are hair-like extensions of the soma which act like input channels.
Dendrites are like the trees of the mind, growing like poplars in the sun.
Dendrites are more spiny on mature hippocampal neurons when synapses are inactivated.
Dendrites are nerve fiber.
Dendrites are part of nerve cells.
Dendrites are really 'cell phones' which enable neurons to talk to each other.
Dendrites are relatively short in length in comparison with a neuron's axon.
Dendrites are short, thick processes which branch out of the soma in a tree like manor.
Dendrites are shorter attachments that receive nerve impulses.
Dendrites are some tens of microns in length.
Dendrites are the dark short branching fine lines seen near the top and along the main crack.
Dendrites are the necessary and sufficient structures for human learning.
Dendrites are the part of the neuron that receives incoming signals via a set of branched fibers.
Dendrites are the primary receiving sites for incoming irritation in most neurons.
Dendrites are the receptive portions which recieves the impulses.
Dendrites are treelike structures that crystals form as they grow.
Dendrites are usually more numerous, shorter and more branched than axons.
Dendrites arise from the neuronal cell body.
Dendrites bring information to the cell body and axons take information away from the cell body.
Dendrites bring information to the cell body and axons take information away from thecell body.
Dendrites bring information to the cell body.
Dendrites carry impulses from the environment or other neurons to the cell body.
Dendrites carry the signals out to the various synapses, and the cycle repeats.
Dendrites conduct electrical signals received from other neurons to the parent neuron's cell body.
Dendrites conduct impulses to cell body.
Dendrites consist of a chain of segments without bifurcation.
Dendrites enable connections with other neurons at points called synapses.
Dendrites extend from the cell body after the completion of migration.
Dendrites extend from the cell body and send nerve impulses to other neurons.
Dendrites extending from the cell body of the neuron give the appearance of arborization.
Dendrites form a network between the neurons.
Dendrites form leakage paths that quickly drain a battery after a recharge.
Dendrites grow as a result of stimulation from and interaction with the environment.
Dendrites have (part) cell membranes.
Dendrites have (part) chromatin.
Dendrites have (part) chromosomes.
Dendrites have (part) corpi.
Dendrites have (part) cytoplasm.
Dendrites have (part) cytoskeletons.
Dendrites have (part) lobes.
Dendrites have (part) nuclei.
Dendrites have (part) plasma membranes.
Dendrites have (part) sections.
Dendrites have (part) vacuoles.
Dendrites have many branches, like a tree.
Dendrites have terminal bulbs, arboral pattern.
Dendrites look like the branches of a tree and receive messages for the cell.
Dendrites receive impulses that are conducted to the cell body.
Dendrites receive information from another cell and transmit the message to the cell body.
Dendrites receive information from other neurons or from sense organs.
Dendrites receive nerve impulses from other neurons or from sensory receptors.
Dendrites receive neuronal impulses and transmit to the cell body.
Dendrites serve as input devices to the neuron.
Dendrites take information to the cell body .
Dendrites take information to the cell body.
Dendrites then connect and communicate with other neurons.
Dendrites transmit dendron.
Dendrites usually branch close to the cell body.
Some dendrites also have even smaller spines which serve as extremely sensitive receptors.
Some dendrites are part of brains.
Some dendrites are part of cortexes.
Some dendrites are part of neocortexs.
Some dendrites are part of neurons.
Dendrites crystals grow fastest.
Dendritic cells act as gate keepers in the body's immune response process.
Dendritic cells are a specialised type of immune system cells.
Dendritic cells are a type of antigen presenting cell.
Dendritic cells are a type of inflammatory cell used to arm the immune system against invasion.
Dendritic cells are an integral part of the immune system.
Dendritic cells are cells found in the bloodstream of everyone.
Dendritic cells are covered with a maze of membranous processes that look like nerve cell dendrites.
Dendritic cells are essential components of the immune response that occurs in asthma.
Dendritic cells are immune cells specialized to initiate immune responses.
Dendritic cells are mononuclear cells with long cytoplasmic processes.
Dendritic cells are part of the immune system.
Dendritic cells are particularly effective at presenting antigens to CTLs.
Dendritic cells are present in tissues in contact with the external environment .
Dendritic cells are present in tissues in contact with the external environment.
Dendritic cells are specialized antigen-presenting cells.
Dendritic cells are the principal stimulators of the primary mixed leukocyte reaction in mice.
Dendritic cells are the professional antigen-presenting cells of the immune system.
Dendritic cells break the antigens on the cancer cell surfaces into smaller pieces.
Dendritic cells exhibit direct anticancer effector function.
Dendritic cells have the capability to both initiate immune response and regulate immune reactivity.
Dendritic cells pick up tumor peptides during the pre-treatment process.
Dendritic cells play a pivotal role in inducing immune responses to infection in vivo.
Dendritic cells receive their name from growths called dendrites that they produce.
Dendritic colonies have a branching form like trees.
Dendritic connections continue to grow and develop a better functioning brain .
Dendritic crystals are elongate crystals that branch to the sides.
Dendritic elaboration begins after neurons settle in their definitive locations.
Dendritic growth begins at the tip of the stinger tube.
Dendritic growth is the common mode of solidification encountered in casting and welding processes.
Dendritic probes boost biosensors.
Dendritic salt absorbs quickly, releasing the absorbed oils.
Dendritic spines are ephemeral structures and are continually being formed and removed.
Dendritic spines are the site of most excitatory synaptic input in the brain.
Dendritic spines assume very different shapes.
Dendritic tree remains within the confines of the nucleus.
Dendritic tries are bushy and insert further into the outer nuclear layer.
Dendritic tufa remains along Pyramid Lake's west shore.
A dendrobium is an orchid
Dendrobium belongs to the orchid family, the largest family of flowering plants.
Dendrobium contains several chemicals.
Dendrobium grow from seeds to seedlings, then to young plantlet then to mature flowering plants.
Dendrobium is a diverse genus of orchids with different cultural needs.
Dendrobium is a sympodial epiphyte native from India to Japan and Australia.
Dendrobium is also a great source of information about running a travel business.
Dendrobium is in the orchid plant family.
Dendrobiums are a funny orchid.
Dendrobiums are among the most commonly encountered orchids in the retail market.
Dendrobiums are easy to keep in a cold greenhouse or in a cool window.
Dendrobiums are orchids.
Dendrobiums are plants.
Dendrobiums can be a challenge to grow.
Dendrobiums do well outdoors with light shade from midday sun.
Dendrobiums keep sending up new shoots from the base.
Dendrobiums like to be somewhat crowded in the pot.
Dendrobiums prefer to dry out between waterings.
Dendrobiums send their spikes from the tips of the new-growth canes.
Dendrobiums vary considerably in size and how the flowers are produced.
Many dendrobiums produce smaller flowers but in large sprays.
Dendrochronological records help to extend long term climate records back to the millenial regimes.
Denes points out that the patient seems to have stopped breathing.
Denes wonders how anybody gets out of surgery alive.
Denervated fibers cease to contract and shrink.
A dengue fever is an infectious disease
Dengue fever can be epidemic and filariasis is endemic in some rural areas.
Dengue fever can occur in epidemics.
Dengue fever can occur in many islands.
Dengue fever continues moving northward in the Americas.
Dengue fever continues to be a concern.
Dengue fever continues to kill thousands of children in Cambodia every year.
Dengue fever is a benign acute febrile syndrome occurring in tropical regions.
Dengue fever is a cause for concern.
Dengue fever is a concern throughout the country, including Jakarta.
Dengue fever is a flu-like illness spread by the bite of an infected mosquito.
Dengue fever is a mosquito-borne disease caused by a virus.
Dengue fever is a mosquito-borne disease that usually causes a mild flu.
Dengue fever is a notifiable disease in Queensland.
Dengue fever is a prolonged, severe flu-like illness, which in certain forms can be fatal.
Dengue fever is a rapidly spreading mosquito-borne viral disease.
Dengue fever is a severe disease with high epidemic potential.
Dengue fever is a severe flu-like illness caused by a virus which is spread to humans by mosquitoes.
Dengue fever is a viral disease spread by mosquito bite.
Dengue fever is a viral illness spread by certain types of mosquitoes.
Dengue fever is also a problem in certain areas of the Philippines.
Dengue fever is an acute illness with fever, headache and muscle aches.
Dengue fever is an acute viral illness with severe flu-like symptoms often accompanied by a rash.
Dengue fever is an infection caused by a virus which is transmitted by mosquitoes.
Dengue fever is another mosquito born illness that is prevalent in most parts of south-east Asia.
Dengue fever is caused by a virus spread to humans by mosquitoes.
Dengue fever is caused by the dengue virus.
Dengue fever is caused by viruses that are carried by mosquitoes.
Dengue fever is characterized by acute onset of fever, chills, headache, eye pain and back ache.
Dengue fever is characterized by fever, headache, joint pain, muscle aches and rash.
Dengue fever is common in Central and South America and in Asia.
Dengue fever is dangerous and fatal.
Dengue fever is diagnosed by a positive antibody test.
Dengue fever is found throughout the tropics and is also due to a virus spread via mosquitoes.
Dengue fever is more likely to occur around major cities.
Dengue fever is more prevalent when it has been raining constantly.
Dengue fever is predominant in the northern border states.
Dengue fever is prevalent in many South and Central American countries and in Asia.
Dengue fever is restricted to northern Queensland, where the carrying mosquito can be found.
Dengue fever is spread by mosquitoes.
Dengue fever is spread by the bite of an infected mosquito.
Dengue fever is spread through blood transfer by the aedes aegypti mosquito.
Dengue fever is the single most common imported vector borne viral disease in Sweden.
Dengue fever is transmitted by mosquitoes who have been infected with the dengue virus.
Dengue fever is widespread.
Dengue fever moves north.
Dengue fever occurs in the area as well as outbreaks of dengue haemorrhagic fever .
Dengue fever occurs occasionally in South Africa, Swaziland, and Zimbabwe.
Dengue fever occurs sparodically in Reunion.
Dengue fever occurs.
Dengue fevers are diseases.
Dengue fevers are viral infection.
Dengue virus infects hundreds of millions of people living in tropical countries every year.
Dengue viruses are endemic in many countries of the Caribbean, Central and parts of tropical Africa.
Dengue viruses occur in most tropical areas of the world.
A dengue is an infectious disease
Dengue continues to be endemic.
Dengue has an incubation period of five to seven days after one is bitten by an infected mosquito.
Dengue is a disease caused by any one of the four related viruses transmitted by mosquitos.
Dengue is a disease transmitted to humans by infected mosquitoes.
Dengue is a fatal disease and deserves immediate medical treatment.
Dengue is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics.
Dengue is a mosquito-bourne disease producing symptoms similar to malaria.
Dengue is a new disease and remains relatively mysterious.
Dengue is a serious arboviral disease of the Americas, Asia and Africa.
Dengue is a viral disease transmitted from person to person by mosquitoes.
Dengue is a worldwide problem as well as a local one in Taiwan.
Dengue is an acute flue-like fever caused by virus.
Dengue is an emerging infectious disease of significant public health concern in the Americas.
Dengue is an infectious tropical disease transmitted by mosquitoes.
Dengue is characterized by the onset of heavy fever conditions after infection.
Dengue is characterized by the sudden onset of fever, headache, myalgia, rash, nausea and vomiting.
Dengue is common in Africa, Asia, the Pacific, Australia, and the Americas.
Dengue is common in the Caribbean islands, Central and South America, and Southeast Asia.
Dengue is currently the world's most widespread vector-borne virus.
Dengue is definitely a problem of urbanization.
Dengue is diagnosed by a blood test.
Dengue is endemic in the Caribbean basin.
Dengue is endemic in the Caribbean, Central and South America.
Dengue is extremely rare thanks to the control of the aedes vector.
Dengue is fairly common in some tropical regions.
Dengue is most common in cities but can be found in rural areas.
Dengue is no longer quite so likely to have a fatal outcome, with proper treatment.
Dengue is present in Africa, South East Asia, the Pacific area and northern South America.
Dengue is rampant, a virus rampant in Central South America and in Southeast Asia.
Dengue is spread by day-biting mosquitos that prefer feeding on humans.
Dengue is the leading cause of childhood mortality in several Asian countries.
Dengue is the most common arbovirus illness in the world.
Dengue is the most common viral disease that is spread by arthropods .
Dengue is the most common viral disease that is spread by arthropods.
Dengue is thought to be the second most important tropical disease , behind malaria .
Dengue is thought to be the second most important tropical disease, behind malaria.
Dengue is transferred via mosquitoes which bite during daylight hours.
Dengue is transmitted by a mosquito that breeds almost anywhere.
Dengue is transmitted by mosquito bite and there is no vaccine.
Dengue is transmitted by mosquito bite, and there is no vaccine.
Dengue is usually a nonfatal illness with fever, rash, and protracted malaise.
Dengue needs hospitalization and intensive care.
Dengue occurs in most tropical areas of the world.
Dengue sickens local populations and spills over into visitors to the region.
Dengues are infectious diseases.
Denial of education limits economic opportunities and impoverishes the community.
Denial of genocide is the final stage of genocide.
Denial of service can be more or less serious depending on where the problem manifests itself.
Denial of service can impact productivity.
Denial of service can occur when someone overloads a computer system or network with bogus requests.
Denial of service comes in many guises.
Denial of service continues.
Denial of service defines a broad category of attacks.
Denial of service is a breach of availability.
Denial of service is possible.
Denial of service is virtually the inverse of the free-rider problem.
Denial aint just a river in Egypt.
Denial allows the slow assimilation of the loss.
Denial also can seriously interfere with the process of rehabilitation and recovery.
Denial becomes a means of self-defense .
Denial becomes a model within the family unit.
Denial becomes an integral part of the disease and a major obstacle to recovery.
Denial becomes an integral part of the family's difficulties and a major obstacle to recovery.
Denial becomes dangerous when it becomes the only coping technique.
Denial becomes negative when it prevents the development of effective coping strategies.
Denial becomes our obsession.
Denial becomes survival for most birthmothers.
Denial begins at the time the athlete suffers the injury.
Denial begins to become manifest in patient.
Denial can accompany an incompletion, or sadness.
Denial can also distort the results of a study.
Denial can also promote dangerous illusions.
Denial can assume many forms.
Denial can be a very important coping tool.
Denial can be an ugly thing in sports.
Denial can be an ugly thing.
Denial can be effective if it helps a person adapt to their illness and their life.
Denial can be for many reasons.
Denial can be strong.
Denial can be the fatal aspect of addiction.
Denial can be therapeutic when it allows gradual adjustment to the news.
Denial can be very adaptive.
Denial can be very difficult for both family members and medical staff.
Denial can be very strong.
Denial can blind.
Denial can follow soon after the initial shock.
Denial can lead to later emotional problems and even to physical problems.
Denial can lead to reduced participation in treatment and a reduced level of recovery.
Denial can linger even after the recovery process has begun.
Denial can take many forms.
Denial causes the individual to minimize a problem when it is present or to deny it completely.
Denial comes into play.
Denial comes out of our desire to feel better quickly, to be done with the pain.
Denial continues to be a problem.
Denial denies heeling.
Denial depends on who and what is being denied.
Denial diminishes life and blocks from consciousness what is real.
Denial does a thriving business in most small towns.
Denial exists even among the medical profession.
Denial extends to the national level.
Denial fails, of course.
Denial gives one time to discover inner strengths and obtain help and information from others.
Denial has two components.
Denial helps avoid the pain and grief associated with the diagnosis.
Denial helps people adjust to illness.
Denial helps the survivor avoid feelings of terror and humiliation.
Denial helps, but only to a point.
Denial implies no beginning.
Denial is a barrier that prohibits cures, healing, help, and salvation of every kind.
Denial is a beautiful thing.
Denial is a big concern.
Denial is a big part of being adopted.
Denial is a big problem.
Denial is a choice.
Denial is a common defense which can also interfere with seeking help.
Denial is a common feeling for sexual assault and rape survivors.
Denial is a common psychological response to impending uncontrollable disaster.
Denial is a common stance for adolescent diabetics.
Denial is a component of the illness.
Denial is a dangerous thing.
Denial is a defense mechanism that allows the neurobiological compulsion to be released.
Denial is a dreadful thing.
Denial is a drug.
Denial is a formidable obstacle.
Denial is a formula for certain disaster.
Denial is a frequent feature of such cases.
Denial is a hallmark of addiction.
Denial is a human response to any crisis.
Denial is a key theme of the book, but even the reader is left in the dark about key scenes.
Denial is a key word.
Denial is a lie to oneself.
Denial is a major component of the substance abuse personality.
Denial is a major obstacle to alcoholic recovery.
Denial is a major part of the alcoholism disease.
Denial is a marvelous thing.
Denial is a means to refuse to accept the reality of the traumatic event, illness or death.
Denial is a natural first stage in the process of endings.
Denial is a natural part of the grieving process.
Denial is a normal and natural response for coping with painful and overwhelming problems.
Denial is a normal initial response to any loss.
Denial is a normal initial response to loss.
Denial is a normal part of the grief reaction.
Denial is a normal part of the grieving process.
Denial is a normal reaction.
Denial is a normal response to confrontation with such truth.
Denial is a normal stage of grief.
Denial is a part of grief.
Denial is a powerful and common defense.
Denial is a powerful defense in our personal psychological arsenals.
Denial is a powerful force, but the only thing more powerful than denial is death.
Denial is a powerful part of our make-up.
Denial is a powerful stage, which nobody realizes until they have experienced it.
Denial is a powerful thing.
Denial is a problem facing both advocates of social justice and ecopsychologists.
Denial is a protective emotion when a life event is too overwhelming to deal with all at once.
Denial is a real problem.
Denial is a refusal to accept something as reality.
Denial is a sanctuary from shock.
Denial is a seductive thing.
Denial is a serious problem that can cause relapse.
Denial is a slow killer.
Denial is a speech act
Denial is a strategy.
Denial is a stubborn angry refusal to see the truth.
Denial is a temporary defense.
Denial is a thing of the past.
Denial is a two fold problem.
Denial is a two-edged sword.
Denial is a typical response concerning the notion of greenhouse gasses and the earths rising temps.
Denial is a very major problem.
Denial is a very powerful and effective way of coping with pain.
Denial is a very useful defense mechanism - it protects the person from painful feelings.
Denial is a way to ignore or dismiss the idea of addiction and avoid seeing a problem.
Denial is a wonderful state.
Denial is a wonderful thing sometimes.
Denial is a wonderful thing.
Denial is affirmed.
Denial is almost automatic the first time, but they have to be persistent.
Denial is also a strong factor in many abortions.
Denial is also very common in a stressful life.
Denial is always destructive.
Denial is always fear.
Denial is amazing.
Denial is an easy answer to any crisis of intellect.
Denial is an escape from reality.
Denial is an insidious situation that generally results in personal destruction.
Denial is an interpersonal process, requiring the participation of others.
Denial is as great a killer as anything else is.
Denial is assertions.
Denial is at the very root of our dysfunction.
Denial is but one of many powerful defenses the ego employs.
Denial is chemical dependency's insidious psychic destroyer.
Denial is common among extended family members which eliminates a source of support to parents.
Denial is common and dysfunction is a symptom of unresolved pain.
Denial is common in the early stages of the disease.
Denial is common.
Denial is dangerous for everyone.
Denial is dangerous.
Denial is defense mechanisms.
Denial is destructive.
Denial is difficult in the face of hard evidence.
Denial is dominant defense mechanism.
Denial is easier.
Denial is easy.
Denial is effective for short-term pain management.
Denial is essential.
Denial is essentially a psychological shot of Novocaine.
Denial is far more comfortable.
Denial is followed by tokenistic concessions or outright bribery.
Denial is for bullies and losers.
Denial is frequent and strong in most domestic abuse cases.
Denial is good.
Denial is high.
Denial is impossible.
Denial is like sweeping the problem under the carpet.
Denial is like that.
Denial is more than just a river in Egypt.
Denial is much greater for lawyers than for any other professional.
Denial is never a long term survival strategy.
Denial is never beneficial.
Denial is no more effective an approach for computing than it is for driving.
Denial is nothing but a regret better left unspoken.
Denial is of course one explanation.
Denial is often a more comfortable stage than anger.
Denial is often one of the big barriers.
Denial is one natural mechanism that humans have to deal with an excess of anxiety and fear.
Denial is one of the hallmarks of addiction.
Denial is one of the major factors contributing to foreclosures.
Denial is one of the most potent of human ego defense mechanisms.
Denial is one of workaholism's primary characteristics.
Denial is only foolish.
Denial is only one of the alcoholic's defenses.
Denial is part of the disease of alcoholism.
Denial is pointless.
Denial is popular, but far less responsible.
Denial is powerful.
Denial is present, to some extent or another, in all addictions.
Denial is prevalent.
Denial is probably a big factor in most teens' decision to have unprotected sex.
Denial is rampant.
Denial is replaced by the truth and acceptance.
Denial is resistance to change.
Denial is seductive, but once one understands what's at stake, conscience demands action.
Denial is so unattractive.
Denial is speech acts.
Denial is statements.
Denial is still prominent.
Denial is such a problem.
Denial is the alternative to transformation and is a primary defense of addiction.
Denial is the avoidance of death's inevitability.
Denial is the big killer.
Denial is the common denominator in every chemically dependent family.
Denial is the evil that pulls toward one's hell, and lost amid self chaos.
Denial is the first access to the truth.
Denial is the first step of resistance.
Denial is the furthest point a person can be from being completely integrated into another culture.
Denial is the great protector.
Denial is the greatest drug.
Denial is the greatest enemy of recovery.
Denial is the hallmark symptom of a substance abuse disorder.
Denial is the hallmark symptom of addiction.
Denial is the last category of verbal abuse.
Denial is the mental process of erasing from consciousness the false beliefs.
Denial is the more serious affliction.
Denial is the most important barrier to hearing aid use.
Denial is the norm as blame is projected on others.
Denial is the number one reason that most people who are experiencing chest pain delay treatment.
Denial is the opposite of accepting the loss.
Denial is the order of the day.
Denial is the other unhealthy way to deal with the thought of pain.
Denial is the primary unifying factor in the game.
Denial is the psychological state in which one feels exempt from reality.
Denial is the refusal to acknowledge some threat.
Denial is the refusal to acknowledge the truth or reality of an event or relationship or whatever.
Denial is the ultimate goal of delay and is the nullifying, repulsing, or termination of an attack.
Denial is the worst enemy.
Denial is the wrong response, but so too is despair.
Denial is the wrong response.
Denial is their credo.
Denial is truly a soft, pillowy thing.
Denial is typical of humans, and the author uses it to make the story more effective.
Denial is usually due to insufficient funds.
Denial is usually for failing a road test or because of a medical condition.
Denial is usually the first line of defense.
Denial is usually the first state of coping with loss.
Denial is very dangerous.
Denial is very normal and human.
Denial is very powerful on the part of the addict.
Denial is very powerful.
Denial is very simple and very complicated.
Denial is viewed as a symptom of the disease.
Denial is what makes a bad problem even worse.
Denial is woven into the fabric of our society.
Denial isa event.
Denial just feeds the attraction.
Denial keeps people from dealing with their problems.
Denial lets everyone pretend that there is no problem.
Denial looks like less work.
Denial makes a sandy foundation for inclusive schools and communities.
Denial means nothing.
Denial means surrender.
Denial only allows the problem to continue and worsen.
Denial permeates American society like salt in sea water.
Denial places the blame tail anywhere, but never pins it on the butt of the problem.
Denial plays a big part in the alcoholics.
Denial plays a major role in telephobia.
Denial prevents people from understanding that mutilation is a wrongful act.
Denial promises extinction of all our relations.
Denial promotes paralysis.
Denial protects one from having to incorporate what has been learned into one's life.
Denial ranges from refusal to admit the possibility to educated skepticism.
Denial represents another conscience-free approach.
Denial requires written notice.
Denial seems better, or at least easier.
Denial seems profoundly at odds with the African value of community.
Denial seems the best route.
Denial serves to defend against intolerable pain until it can be tolerated bit by bit.
Denial serves to reinforce the damage.
Denial splits the mind and makes it a battlefield.
Denial still seems to cross more boundaries of creed than tolerance.
Denial stops a person from knowing an act is wrong.
Denial stops a person from knowing that an act is wrong.
Denial stops the healing process.
Denial takes energy.
Denial takes many forms.
Denial takes two major forms.
Denial then gives way to anger.
Denial there is a problem.
Denial thus kills candid communication, learning, justice and flexibility.
Denials are more likely the second time around.
Denials are of little help to a child.
Denials are rare, but they do happen.
Denials are rare.
Denials are specific.
Denials are the equivalent of innocent pleas in adult court.
Denials are unbelievable, and lack of action is unacceptable.
Denials can result in the refusal to extend further credit.
Denials take time.
Denial often leads to anger sometimes targeted towards patient or displaced onto caregiver.
Denial often shows up in people's daydreams and fantasies.
All denials are entirely ineffective.
All denials are subject to appeals.
Denied appeals result in the cancellation of financial aid awards.
Denied applicants are often disappointed to learn of our decision.
Denied applicants have three days to file an appeal.
Denied applicants receive information on additional financial aid opportunities.
Denied esteem is traumatic but only to ambition.
Denied permissions take precedence.
A denier is an unit
Denier increases with the square of the fiber diameter.
Denier is a measure of density of weave in threads per unit measure.
Denier refers to the plies or individual strands that make up a thread used in weaving.
Denier refers to the thickness of a fiber.
Deniers also claim that there is no evidence of four holes in the roof of each gas chamber.
Deniers are coin.
Deniers are disputants.
Deniers are either ideologues with rigid minds or on a paid agenda.
Deniers are the ones who say nothing is happening.
Deniers are units of measurement.
Deniers are worth only of disrespect.
Deniers have very close ties to some of the country's most hateful and violent extremists.
Deniers lose their share of the afterlife, as punishment for false testimony is 'as they misled'.
Deniers refuse to see that they're in financial trouble.
Denim outfits are slightly smaller in size because the dying process uses hot water.
Denim overalls wear well and make sense for a crawling baby.
Denim pants are still in because of their comfort.
Denim paper is among the latest ideas in a growing industry called treeless paper.
Denim shirt has Greyhound head on sleeve.
Denim shirts are great too.
Denim shorts take a long time to dry.
A denim is cloth
Denim isa clothes.
Denim isa clothing.
Denim isa garment.
Denims are perfect.
Denims have (part) bands.
Denims have (part) button holes.
Denims have (part) collars.
Denims have (part) hems.
Denims have (part) hip pockets.
Denims have (part) lap covering.
Denims have (part) pant legs.
Denims have (part) pocket flaps.
Denims have (part) sections.
Denims have (part) skirts.
Denims have (part) sleeve.
Denims have (part) stripes.
Denims have (part) zippers.
Some denims have an extra layer of fabric fused to the inside knee area.
Most denitrify bacteria convert nitrate.
Denitrify bacteria convert nitrate.
Denitrifying bacteria perform almost the reverse of the nitorgen fixing bacteria.
Most denitrifying bacteria are heterotrophs, using organic carbon compounds as a source of energy.
A denizen is an organism
Denizens try to explain the wealth of talent with a shrug.
Some denizens make a living through selling handmade items to tourists.
Denmark isa thing.
Denny spoons are still the hot ones.
Denomination is an organization
Denomination is classes.
Denomination is in Spanish peseta.
Denomination is nongovernmental organizations.
Denominations also help keep the theology on path.
Denominations also wear human names glorifying some person, place, event, or philosophy.
Denominations are a massive feature of religious life in America.
Denominations are also social entities with a membership that can be seen and numbered.
Denominations are an invention of man.
Denominations are ill-equipped to edify anyone.
Denominations are in different colours from the UK equivalent.
Denominations are in many ways a relic of past generations, a dinosaur.
Denominations are in the midst of a downward spiral, losing members, money and influence.
Denominations are like a franchise that supports a local expression of a particular emphasis.
Denominations are manmade.
Denominations are out.
Denominations are rebellious.
Denominations are simply religious pigeon holes into which the members are crammed for safekeeping.
Denominations are worse.
Denominations are, of course, good targets.
Denominations begin to understand and appreciate each other s ways and priorities.
Denominations can be good, but they can break nets, leaving holes that lost men fall through.
Denominations can resource local church life in a number of ways.
Denominations come from confessions, or statements of faith.
Denominations come into existence when churches lose their religious monopoly in a society.
Denominations commonly have their own chat rooms, and congregants always have talked after services.
Denominations commonly have their own chatrooms, and congregants always have talked after services.
Denominations contend, often bitterly, with one another.
Denominations deliberately belittle church membership in order to justify their division.
Denominations don t know how to help former pastors.
Denominations exist because of theological differences that are often either historic or obscure.
Denominations have their reality in the reality of human taste.
Denominations show distinctive patterns that reflect their religious and social heritage.
Denominations still reflect the old order of things.
Denominations struggle with issues of diversity and identity.
Denominations use different models to explain their application of Scripture.
Denominations often belong to synods, conferences or some other humanly devised federation.
All denominations are available within ten minutes of the resort.
All denominations are available.
All denominations are eligible.
All denominations are in Canadian dollars.
All denominations are invited, so bring an interested friend.
All denominations are the same size.
All denominations are welcome and warmly received.
All denominations are welcome in Scientology.
All denominations are welcome to attend.
All denominations are welcome to participate.
All denominations are welcome to reserve, and use our facilities.
All denominations are welcome.
All denominations consider all others to have some points of doctrine wrong.
All denominations deplore the multiplicity of sectarian churches.
All denominations engage in a clear set of practices.
All denominations have Eucharist and baptism.
All denominations have representatives available.
All denominations require that the minister has a sense of calling .
All denominations welcome and encouraged.
All denominations welcome, even atheistic or paganistic viewpoints are up for debate.
All denominations welcome.
All denominations worship in the area.
Every denomination calls for year-end denominational reports.
Every denomination does.
Every denomination has problems.
Every denomination reporting a decrease in congregations reports a decrease in members.
Every denomination teaches out of the Bible.
Many denominations change their creeds every few years.
Many denominations consider homosexuality to be a special type of sin.
Many denominations forbid the ordination of homosexuals as well as pastoral roles for women.
Many denominations have counseling services and retreat centers open to all clergy.
Many denominations have regional and state meetings planned for the next two months.
Many denominations house their records in central repositories.
Many denominations maintain files of pre-qualified consultants.
Many denominations offer national scholarships to members and children of members.
Many denominations quit publishing group resources, manuals, and membership symbols.
Many denominations start with the tithe as the basic level of giving.
Most denominations allow women to become at least junior pastors.
Most denominations are now active in the county.
Most denominations do provide care for former pastors.
Most denominations have a system for guiding local church treasurers, and systems vary.
Most denominations have little to do with each other.
Most denominations have some kind of disaster relief program.
Most denominations work within the parameters of what's acceptable in that group.
Some denominations allow exceptions.
Some denominations are even willing to supplement what is provided.
Some denominations are in an early stage of decline while others have advanced much further.
Some denominations choose to christen infants.
Some denominations have clear principles and procedures.
Some denominations have long standing prejudices against other religions, sexual minorities etc.
Some denominations have no formal educational requirements.
Some denominations impose a tithing requirement on ministers.
Some denominations offer consultants and workshops to help congregations with building projects.
Some denominations offer services on campus from their own traditions.
Some denominations push certain principles to increase the level of giving.
Some denominations specialise in particular types of housing service provision.
Some denominations sprinkle, some pour, and some immerse.
Denominational affiliation is strictly for the purpose of world missions cooperation.
Denominational allegiance becomes more valued than competency in the original mission.
Denominational barriers drop as people concentrate on what's really important.
Denominational boundaries have limited cooperation among spiritual leadership within the city.
Denominational circles play a large role in the deception.
Many denominational commentators consider the word spirit in verse five refers to the Holy Spirit.
Most denominational committees have women representatives.
Denominational communication needs centralized funding.
Denominational communication needs coordination.
Denominational communication needs to be consistent and complementary.
Denominational communication needs to be mission-focused.
Denominational connections can also help congregations bridge generational gaps.
Denominational curriculum competes in a much larger market today than ever before.
Denominational distinction is opposed by government policy.
Denominational divisions are a function of an obsolete wineskin.
Some denominational history is relevant here.
Denominational infidelity is perjury.
Many denominational issues have to do with important topics of truth versus error.
Denominational leaders tell victims that there is no money to help with their therapy.
Denominational membership can never be a substitute for the new birth.
Some denominational offices have sample bylaws that can be adapted to local congregations.
Denominational organizations are merely wineskins.
Denominational organizations are notorious for their politics.
Denominational preference is exactly what the Constitution does prevent the state from doing.
Many denominational sites have neat lists, by state and community.
Denominational structures are in eclipse.
Any denominational study is acceptable as is a general study of religion.
A denominationalism is intolerance
Denominationalism breeds skepticism and doubt.
Denominationalism claims to hold all the saved.
Denominationalism is a sin, condemned in the Bible, but practiced and praised by many in our day.
Denominationalism is gone and most congregations know little of their missionary beginnings.
Denominationalism is sinful.
Denominationalism is such a conditioning medium.
Denominationalism is wrong.
Denominationalisms are inclination.
Denominator data are unavailable to calculate rates.
A denominator is a number
Denominator returns the denominator of the rational rat .
Denominators vary, too.
Denormalised values are valid.
Denormalized values offer less bits of precision than normalized values.
Denotation is a naming
Denotation refers directly to the object itself.
Denotational frameworks are convenient for reasoning about such specifications.
Denotative meaning refers to the actual process of seeing an object.
Denoted fields require information entry.
Denoted values are values that can be associated to variables in the language.
Dense bamboo groves support numerous bird species.
Dense bike flows downtown are surprisingly rapid.
Dense blooms can consume most of the pond's oxygen at night.
Dense bodies contain calcium, serotonin, adenine nucleotides, etc.
Dense bones are resistant to fractures.
Some dense bones absorb radiation.
Dense brooms are also intensely flammable and can increase the severity of forest fires.
Dense brush can offer an added challenge when trail gets overgrown in the summer months.
Dense brush is particularly bad.
Some dense bushes offer protection.
Some dense bushes provide protection.
Dense calcification is seen in pancreatic parenchyma.
Dense canopies restrict air flow, increase drying time and interfere with spray penetration.
Dense canopy shades out most other trees.
Dense carpets have finer fibers, which displace weight over more material.
Dense clouds can form and dissipate at any time.
Dense clouds show development.
Dense clumps crowd out all other native species.
Dense coatings are generally more stressed than porous coatings.
Dense cold air has pressure.
Dense colonies are present on apple in the spring and the autumn but never in the summer.
Dense colonies arise vegetatively by spread of the rhizomes.
Dense colonies develop in fine sand in quiet places on the reef, often under ledges.
Dense colonies displace desirable vegetation and wildlife and can exclude livestock.
Dense colonies occur at the base of flower heads and on the leaves.
Dense colonies occur on the underside of leaves, ants protecting colonies against natural enemies.
Dense color meets the eye and copious berries and flowers greet the nose.
Some dense conifers provide protection.
Some dense conifers provide thermal protection.
Dense connective tissue contains blood vessels.
Dense connective tissue contains large blood vessels.
Dense connective tissue contains large vessels.
Dense connective tissue contains vessels.
More dense contrast is present in the pulmonary artery, indicating a patent ductus arteriosus.
Dense cover is important for foraging on insects and for nest cover.
Dense cover is used for winter shelter and protection.
Dense cover provides shelter from predators.
Dense cultures tend to form loosely adherent aggregates.
Dense evergreen foliage provides shelter.
Dense fabrics offer a higher UPF than an open weave.
Dense fibers protect mammalian sperm against damage.
Dense films possess a high dielectric constant.
Dense flesh makes it ideal for baking and cooking.
Dense foam padded bar provides comfort and prevents slippage.
Dense fog is everywhere as they attempt to identify what it is they've discovered.
Dense fog is most common in the spring when warm air masses ride over melting snowpack.
Dense fog is relatively infrequent.
Dense fog plagues the mariner most often in spring and early summer over the open lake waters.
Dense fog reduces visibility.
Some dense fog occurs during afternoons.
Dense foliage protects fruits from sun scald.
Dense foliage provides habitats.
Dense foliage provides shelter.
Most dense foliage provides habitats.
Most dense foliage provides shelter.
Some dense foliage has values.
Dense food provides plenty.
Dense foods require longer cooking times than light foods such as bread or brownies.
Most dense food provides plenty.
Dense forests alternate with rolling meadows and fields.
Dense forests contain greenheart and mora trees, which are used in the lumber industry.
Dense forests cover more than two-thirds of the territory.
Dense forests cover much of the land, and the region is rich in minerals.
Dense forests cover the northern and eastern areas.
Dense forests cover the state's coastal ranges, and mangrove thickets occur along the coast.
Dense forests line the river banks.
Dense forests populated by deer, musk deer and bears cover the mountain slopes.
Dense forests surround clear, still, highland lakes.
Dense forests surround clear,still, highland lakes.
Dense forests surround it, and the water warms up in the summer.
Dense fur indicates the depth of cold at the altitudes they inhabit.
Dense fur provides protection.
Dense fur traps a layer of air next to the skin, providing excellent insulation.
Most dense fur provides protection.
Some dense fur has spots.
Some dense fur provides excellent insulation.
Some dense fur provides excellent thermal insulation.
Some dense fur provides insulation.
Some dense fur provides thermal insulation.
Dense glass diffuses the light passing through the layers and gives the desired diffused look.
Dense grasslands extend north of the Congo Basin.
Dense growth can smother young trees.
Dense hair is bushy on the tail, but there is no distinct feathering.
Dense hardwoods cover the hillside creating a canopy overhead.
Dense hemorrhage can reduce vision to the light perception level.
Dense infestations create a barrier to livestock and recreationists.
Dense infestations form when numerous systems grow from buds below the soil surface.
Dense irregular connective tissue contains collagen fiber.
Dense irregular connective tissue contains fiber.
Dense jungle covers the land.
Dense jungle offers good concealment for maneuver forces.
Dense jungle surrounds the course while palm trees line many of the fairways.
Dense jungles are visible in green.
Some dense jungle surrounds cities.
Dense lesions consist of cysts , fibroadenomas , and cancers.
Dense mats cover areas.
Some dense mats float on surfaces.
Some dense mats look like carpets.
Dense materials have virtually no shielding effect on neutrons.
Some dense materials have particles.
Dense meals support health.
Most dense meals support health.
Dense mode floods the network tree with a broadcast so that every branch receives the signal.
Dense mode works best in small segments that have many receivers.
Some dense packs float on surfaces.
Dense parts stain more darkly.
Some dense phases consist of clouds.
Dense phytoplankton reduces visibility in water and reduces aggressive behavior.
Dense planting can backfire, however, as the strategy requires greater soil moisture.
Dense planting can be a strategy to protect plants against wind.
Dense planting is an expensive business.
Dense plantings are suitable for cover and collecting live food.
Dense population contributes to the area s road congestion, some of the worst in the metro.
Dense populations leave open space for either agriculture or natural wilderness areas.
Dense rainforest covers much of the island.
Dense rainforests cover most of the country.
Dense reproduction occurs when trees shed millions of seeds.
Dense scales are present on the body and wings, giving it a furry appearance.
Dense screens are powerful, but difficult to design.
Dense shade can also occur under trees with dense foliage such as Norway maples and some conifers.
Dense shade describes the shade under a large, heavily-leaved tree.
Dense shade indicates a dense overhead canopy of trees.
Dense shade is by far the most difficult type of shade in which to garden.
Dense shade provides the most protection.
Some dense shrubs produce brown catkins.
Some dense shrubs produce catkins.
Dense shrubbery can also act as a fence.
Dense shrubbery is a typical feature in aspen-dominated forests.
Dense smoke can overload a filter with particles, eventually breaking it.
Dense smoke is emitted when burned without sufficient oxygen.
Dense smoke is emitted when product is burned without sufficient oxygen.
Dense smoke is everywhere.
Dense smoke is frustrating the fire-fighting operation.
Dense smoke is inefficient.
Dense smoke is produced when product burns.
Dense smoke is usually highly toxic and reduces visibility substantially.
Dense smoke reduces visibility to zero.
Dense solids fall through the formed mass to settle on the basin floor.
Dense spines obscure the stem.
Dense sycamores give way to sage and barren-looking scrub oak.
Some dense tangles create deep shades.
Some dense tangles create shades.
Dense thickets can prevent conifer establishment over large areas.
Dense thickets provide good cover for many small birds and mammals.
Dense things sink but ice is less dense than the water it is in and so floats.
Dense tissue contains blood vessels.
Dense tissue contains collagen fiber.
Dense tissue contains fiber.
Dense tissue contains large blood vessels.
Dense tissue contains large vessels.
Dense tissue contains vessels.
Dense tissue makes a mammogram harder to read because cell irregularities are harder to determine.
Most dense tissue contains blood vessels.
Most dense tissue contains collagen fiber.
Most dense tissue contains fiber.
Most dense tissue contains large blood vessels.
Most dense tissue contains large vessels.
Most dense tissue contains vessels.
Dense trees provide shade, and the river's roaring rapids are the only sound around.
Dense turf prevents weeds from germinating.
Dense vegetation appears in red.
Dense vegetation can also cause reduced blooms by absorbing the nutrients.
Dense vegetation can also serve as good shelter as well as pieces of wood etc.
Dense vegetation covers the flanks of the volcano.
Dense vegetation covers the slope from the overlook to the river.
Dense vegetation covers the steep hillside.
Dense vegetation lends the campsites a fair amount of privacy.
Dense vegetation makes the air oxygen rich.
Dense vegetation prevents fish from finding the mosquitoes.
Dense vegetation provides a filter for the polluted water.
Dense vegetation provides environments.
Dense vegetation provides shelter.
Dense vegetation reduces the visibility of some species.
Dense vegetation surrounding the brood ponds are necessary for creating nesting sites for waterfowl.
Most dense vegetation provides environments.
Most dense vegetation provides shelter.
Some dense vegetation exists on steep slopes and along the bluffs above Commencement Bay.
Some dense vegetation is dominated by trees.
Dense vibrations indicate discomfort and disease.
Dense water produces environments.
Dense water produces ideal breed environments.
Dense water produces ideal environments.
Most dense water produces environments.
Most dense water produces ideal breed environments.
Most dense water produces ideal environments.
Dense woods are a part of the course.
Dense woods border the pool to the south.
Dense woods can act as barrier to the movement of the cold air.
Dense woods take longest to dry.
Dense woodlands owned by giant timber mills hug the highways.
Denser air causes more friction.
Denser air is heavier than lighter air.
Denser cities have less driving per capita.
Denser gases take greater effort to pull in, stop, and then push back out in each cycle.
Denser liquids are better at keeping objects afloat.
Denser networks have shorter paths, so they transmit information more quickly.
Denser objects are heavier than less dense ones of the same size in the same gravitational field.
Denser particles are more dangerous.
Denser patterns are even hotter in the center than looser ones, but they are all center biased.
Denser tissue makes it difficult to spot tumors.
Denser water can push up on the egg harder than the egg can push down, so the egg floats.
Denser windbreaks are more effective than sparse ones.
Densification follows, usually by sintering.
Densification is concentration
Densification is the most common and necessary way to strengthen concrete cement composites.
A densitometer is an instrument
Densitometers assure consistent quality of all listed film.
Densitometers measure the amount of light reflected or transmitted.
Densitometry is a measurement
Densitometry is safe and painless, but it is of course contraindicated in pregnant women.
Densitometry is used to compare sample reactivity to a standard curve.
Density altitude is a crucial criterion that determines the performance capabilities of an aircraft.
Density altitude is affected by barometric pressure , humidity and temperature .
Density altitude is affected by barometric pressure, humidity and temperature.
Density altitude is pressure altitude corrected for non-standard temperature.
Density altitude is pressure altitude corrected for nonstandard temperature.
Density altitude is the altitude at which the aircraft thinks it is and performs accordingly.
Density altitude is the density expressed if feet instead of grams per cubic centimeter.
Density contrast changes the contrast between the light and dark areas of the clouds.
Density contrasts can be either positive or negative.
Density currents can form in gases too.
Density curves formalize the idea of relative frequency from the vague area principle idea.
Density dependence is of ceiling type.
Some density dependence affects juvenile survival.
Some density dependence affects survival.
Density estimation finds the distribution of inputs in some space.
Density fluctuations represent variation.
Some density functions take a bipartite form.
Density of population can affect ridership and scheduling.
Density of water is similar to density of bodies of marine organisms.
Density regions contain atoms.
Density waves propagate outwards.
Density waves trigger star formation.
Densities apply to gross developable acreage.
Densities are also too low in most centers to support transit services.
Densities are an issue only when using older computers that have double density disk drives.
Densities are at a maximum near the mean low-water line, and decrease into the subtidal zone.
Densities are electron density surfaces.
Densities are high with excellent buck to doe ratios and superior genetics.
Densities are higher in undisturbed gallery forests than in drier habitats.
Densities are highest on mesa type vegetation.
Densities are low in the coastal portions of western and northern Alaska.
Densities are lower in the coastal portions of western and northern Alaska.
Densities are much lower in the southwest.
Densities are typically highest in alfalfa.
Densities can reach as many as a hundred mites per flower.
Densities detect over-commitment on a resource.
Densities have the same name as their distribution functions.
Densities remain relatively low in the infested river systems.
Densities required for TODs are controversial.
Densities show the distribution of features or values per unit area.
Densities tend to return to the average.
Densities vary according to habitat suitability, including the abundance of prey.
Densities vary considerably over the globe.
Density affects activities.
Density affects both windward and leeward drift lengths and heights.
Density affects breadth.
Density affects diet breadth.
Density affects gametophyte growth.
Density affects growth.
Density affects more than just dessert treats though.
Density affects usefulness.
Density also decreases with a drop in air pressure.
Density also has something to do with it.
Density also tells how concentrated or crowded something is.
Density can be an agent of natural selection.
Density can be either uniform or patchy.
Density can be lower in small areas of embroidery.
Density can be too high.
Density can only go up or down.
Density compares the masses of different substances.
Density continues to be one of the most misunderstood properties of polyurethane foams.
Density contours in the shock tube at different times.
Density controls how close the particles are to each other when they are created.
Density controls how thick the fire is in a way, how transparent or dense the fire is.
Density corresponds to the overall electron density of the molecule.
Density creates a strain on governmental services and alters residents' lives in surprising ways.
Density creates competition, it forces rapid height growth with minimal terminal diameter growth.
Density creates safety.
Density declines during winter.
Density decreases closer to the hypodermal tissue because of the presence of fat cells.
Density decreases with altitude.
Density depends on environmental factors.
Density depends on temperature.
Density depends on the mass and volume of a substance.
Density depends on the mass of molecules and how closely they are held together.
Density describes how compact or concentrated something is.
Density describes the mass of a substance per volume.
Density determines if a substance sinks or floats in another substance.
Density determines the pull that gravity has on a substance.
Density determines the relative bouyancy of objects or fluids.
Density determines the upwind and downwind distance snow drifts are cast.
Density equals mass divided by volume.
Density grading seed is an effective, low risk, minimal loss process.
Density has impact.
Density has much to do with the event.
Density has no impact on user accuracy or preference.
Density has practical applications.
Density has significant impact.
Density identifies the weight of the paper compared to the thickness.
Density impacts on deer sociobiology.
Density increases weight.
Density increases with depth due to compaction and progressive cementation.
Density indicates how tightly packed matter is.
Density is a big issue.
Density is a characteristic property of each substance.
Density is a characteristic property of matter.
Density is a comparison of matter and space.
Density is a convenient and easy way of estimating interior compositions.
Density is a derived quantity that is described in terms of mass and volume.
Density is a desirable trait in alpacas.
Density is a factor because larger aircraft used on dense legs lower per passenger costs.
Density is a function of mass and volume.
Density is a fundamental physical property of matter .
Density is a fundamental physical property of matter.
Density is a key ingredient for successful community spaces.
Density is a mathematical relationship between mass and volume.
Density is a measure of amount of mass in a given space.
Density is a measure of how much weight there is in a certain volume.
Density is a measure of how solid something is.
Density is a measure of the weight of a particular volume of a substance.
Density is a measurement of how much a given volume of something weighs.
Density is a measurement of how much matter is packed into a certain volume.
Density is a measurement of the mass per unit volume.
Density is a number that relates th e mass of an object to the space it takes up.
Density is a number that relates the mass of matter to the space it takes up.
Density is a physical property of all matter.
Density is a physical property of matter that expresses a relationship of mass to volume .
Density is a physical property of matter that expresses a relationship of mass to volume.
Density is a physical property.
Density is a property used by chemists to help identify substances.
Density is a quality that measures mass per unit volume.
Density is a ratio of the mass of an object to the volume it occupies.
Density is a relative property.
Density is a system of describing numerically, perceived differences in brightness.
Density is a term used to describe breast tissue that has many glands close together.
Density is a useful physical property for identifying and classifying materials.
Density is a variable defined as a probability that a site is occupied by a certain type.
Density is a very important property of water masses since it determines whether they sink or float.
Density is achieved by a given impulse during the water removal process.
Density is affected by gravity, and also by how many atoms there are to pack together.
Density is affected by temperature and salinity.
Density is affected by temperature, salinity, and pressure.
Density is also a factor, the more ink, the more there is to fade.
Density is also good, preventing messes from cages with set-on trays.
Density is also important in the industry that keeps the world moving, petroleum.
Density is also related to selectivity .
Density is also the reciprocal of the specific volume.
Density is an almost static property of a liquid.
Density is an example of a value that is calculated using two measurements.
Density is an important physical property.
Density is an indication of kernel hardness.
Density is an intensive property while both mass and volume are extensive properties.
Density is an intensive property.
Density is another example of a physical property.
Density is another important quality indicator.
Density is another multivariable calculus concept used by doctors.
Density is assumed constant.
Density is based on the amounts of cholesterol triglycerides and apoproteins.
Density is based on the number of lots.
Density is calculated as in the nearest individual technique.
Density is calculated by areas.
Density is calculated by the number of keywords divided by the size of the document.
Density is calculated using a complex formula.
Density is calculated using two measured values.
Density is calulated at each nondummy atom position and then analysed on a residue basis.
Density is compactness
Density is computed using the area of the rectangle, correcting for water coverage.
Density is considered an indication of kernel hardness.
Density is considered constant in space.
Density is considered the most important indication of overall foam quality.
Density is considered to be a function of the concentration of one of the constituents.
Density is controlled by lot size, floor area, or building coverage for non-residential uses.
Density is controlled by the temperature and humidity of the air.
Density is correlated with winter rainfall.
Density is counter-productive without adequate pedestrian infrastructure.
Density is defined as mass divided by volume.
Density is defined as mass per unit volume of a substance.
Density is defined as mass per unit volume.
Density is defined as the average number of plants per square metre.
Density is defined as the light absorbing property of a material.
Density is defined as the mass of a substance per unit of volume.
Density is defined as the mass of material contained within a given volume.
Density is defined as the mass per unit volume of a substance.
Density is defined as the mass per unit volume.
Density is defined as the mass per volume of any given substance.
Density is defined as the number of individuals in a population in a given unit of space.
Density is defined as the ratio of mass to volume.
Density is defined as the ratio of the solid area of the trees to the total area of the windbreak.
Density is defined as the weight divided by the volume.
Density is dependent on two factors.
Density is dependent upon temperature.
Density is determined by deviding the mass by the volume.
Density is determined by dividing the mass of a substance by the volume occupied by that mass.
Density is determined by the number of plants rooted within each quadrat.
Density is divided by critical density.
Density is divided by density.
Density is enormous, between one and ten million grams per cubic centimeter.
Density is equal to the amount of mass per unit of volume.
Density is established by each manufacturer's specifications and test data.
Density is examined as both a consequence and determinant of the divergence in union performance.
Density is expressed as grams per milliliter for liquids and solids.
Density is expressed as the number of individuals per unit area.
Density is found by dividing mass by volume and is usually expressed in grams per cubic centimeter.
Density is generally irrelevant to questions of overpopulation.
Density is Good.
Density is how close together the molecules of a substance are.
Density is how tightly each fiber is stitched together.
Density is in grams per cubic centimeter.
Density is in units as above.
Density is independent from firmness.
Density is influenced by groundcover and competition, especially in autumn.
Density is just slightly less than Earth's.
Density is less than one home per acre.
Density is limited by processing performance, PCI bandwidth, and component board space.
Density is lowered and bi-polar outflows break the star apart.
Density is mass divided by volume.
Density is mass over volume, or is proportional to mass over radius cubed.
Density is mass per unit of volume.
Density is measured by the fraction of area covered by the discs.
Density is measured in characters per inch of tape.
Density is measured in mass per unit volume.
Density is measured in something called specific gravity.
Density is more directly related to ecological conditions.
Density is of consideration when comparing activity test results on a weight basis.
Density is offered in a wide range.
Density is often a good surrogate for mechanical strength tests, but it can be misleading.
Density is one of the basic properties of matter.
Density is one of the contributors to ultimate wall strength.
Density is one of the things that makes things float.
Density is one thing that makes things float.
Density is only a raw gauge to measure a population's disbursement across the land.
Density is only useful when describing solids.
Density is plotted logarithmically coded in colour, ionization fraction as contour lines.
Density is presented as a multiple of the density of water.
Density is probably low as the habitat is rather arid.
Density is recommended.
Density is regulated.
Density is related to presence of woodrat nests and, in woodlands, density of California bay.
Density is related to volume .
Density is reported in kilograms per cubic meter of seawater.
Density is required for several management decisions.
Density is shown at the census tract level.
Density is shown.
Density is something that makes things float.
Density is spacing.
Density is temperature dependent and different allotopes of one element possess different densities.
Density is the amount of mass per unit volume of a substance, or the inverse of specific volume.
Density is the amount of mass per volume.
Density is the amount of matter packed into a space.
Density is the amount of matter per unit volume, in essence it is a measure of compactness.
Density is the amount of stuff or matter in a certain space.
Density is the best solution to traffic.
Density is the bridge or connecting link between mass and volume.
Density is the degree of opacity of an image on paper or film.
Density is the hottest thing in urban environmentalism, the mantra of the sustainable city movement.
Density is the intensity of mass and pressure is the intensity of force.
Density is the key issue.
Density is the key.
Density is the mass contained in a unit volume.
Density is the mass divided by the volume.
Density is the mass of a given volume of a substance.
Density is the mass of a material per unit volume.
Density is the mass of a substance per unit volume.
Density is the mass of an object divided by the volume.
Density is the mass of an object per unit volume.
Density is the mass of gas per unit volume.
Density is the mass of material contained within a given volume.
Density is the mass of unit volume of the substance.
Density is the mass per unit volume of a material.
Density is the mass per unit volume of an object.
Density is the mass per unit volume.
Density is the measurement of how much mass of a substance is contained in a given volume.
Density is the most common answer.
Density is the num- ber of individuals per unit area.
Density is the number of bytes that can be stored on each track.
Density is the number of individuals per unit area.
Density is the number of organisms per unit area.
Density is the percentage of a metro area s population that lives in urbanized areas.
Density is the physical condition.
Density is the population divided by the area.
Density is the problem.
Density is the ratio of mass and volume.
Density is the ratio of mass to the volume of an item.
Density is the ratio of mass to volume.
Density is the ratio of the mass to the volume of any substance.
Density is the relationship between the mass and the volume of a substance.
Density is the single most important factor in making embroidery look good.
Density is the source for the following two coverages.
Density is the weight of a unit volume of insulation.
Density is the weight per unit size.
Density is the weight per unit volume or weight for the same amount.
Density is therefore a measure of how tightly packed the soil particles are in any given pedon.
Density is therefore a scalar quantity .
Density is therefore A. an intensive and physical property of matter.
Density is thus the link between molarity and molality.
Density is unbelievable - typically one quadrillion times that of water.
Density is used for many liquids and for most solids.
Density is used to distinguish typically between different solids or different liquids.
Density is weight per unit volume.
Density is weight.
Density isa property.
Density means the number of housing units per acre when used to describe residential development.
Density multiplied by area per sprinkler gives the flow required at the most remote sprinkler.
Density naturally increases adjacent to urban amenities.
Density prevents most weeds from growing, and some varieties have good resistance to disease.
Density provides one with an indication of the air content in a bale.
Density refers to an object's mass per unit volume, or how compact it is.
Density refers to how tightly the atoms are packed together.
Density refers to the closeness of the pile yarns, and is an indication of both gauge and pitch .
Density refers to the closeness of the tufts or knots.
Density refers to the number of development rights originating from a parcel of land.
Density refers to the number of individuals in a given area.
Density refers to the weight for a given volume of mineral.
Density represents the amount of mass in a particular volume of a substance.
Density requires prior familiarity with mass, volume, and ratio.
Density shows up as a white area on a mammogram film.
Density varies among the half dozen or so species marketed as soft maple.
Density varies as well.
Density varies by donor site, with the midocciput usually of highest density.
Density varies depending on whether grazing is intensive or extensive.
Density varies depending upon building configuration.
Density varies from places.
Density varies only by about a few percent in the ocean.
Density varies widely by county, however.
More density is less brightness.
More density means more crime, and congested roads.
Most density affects activities.
Most density affects breadth.
Most density affects diet breadth.
Most density affects gametophyte growth.
Most density affects growth.
Most density affects usefulness.
Most density depends on temperature.
Most density has impact.
Most density has significant impact.
Most density is calculated by areas.
Most density is divided by critical density.
Most density is divided by density.
Most density varies from places.
Some density affects insulation properties.
Some density affects performance.
Some density affects physical properties.
Some density affects productivity.
Some density affects properties.
Some density enhances survival.
Some density has consequences.
Some density has life history consequences.
Some density has power.
Some density increases capacity.
Some density increases over decades.
Some density increases over past decades.
Some density increases over past several decades.
Some density increases over several decades.
Some density increases storage capacity.
Some density increases survival.
Some density is calculated by dimensions.
Some density leads to osteoporosises.
Some density provides strength.
Some density reflects differences.
Some density varies from moles.
Dent corn is a cross between flint and flour corn.
Dent corn is field corn
Dent corn is field corn.
Dent corn is generally more resistant than sweet or popcorn.
Dent corn is predominantly white or yellow.
Dent corn is the most important commercial type of corn grown in the United States.
Dent corn is used primarily as animal food and industrial starch.
Dent corn makes up the bulk of U.S. corn production.
Dent varieties vary in kernel shape from long and narrow to wide and shallow.
A dent is an effect
Dents are blemishs.
Dents are consequences.
Dents are massaged out using special tools so the vehicle's original appearance is restored.
Dents are only depressions in the surface.
Dents are the results of wood fibers being crushed and compressed.
Dents includes a DNS cache.
Dents is a general-purpose DNS server.
Dents Visit the project information page, check out the archives of the original mailing list.
Dental abnormalities are also common in affected individuals.
Dental abscesses are common.
Dental access is a national problem with a very real local impact.
Dental accidents can be stressful to both a child and the parent.
Dental aides assist dentists with a variety of operative and specialty procedures.
Dental alloy is an example of one such amalgam in common use.
Dental amalgam is a mixture of mercury, and an alloy of silver, tin and copper.
Dental amalgam is a mixture of metals used to fill back teeth.
Dental amalgam is an alloy of a number of metals, mainly silver, tin and mercury.
Dental amalgam is an effective filling material.
Dental amalgam is made with several different materials including silver, tin, copper and mercury.
Dental amalgam is metal
Dental amalgam is one of the most commonly used materials in restorative dentistry.
Dental amalgam is still the most widely used restorative in dentistry.
Dental amalgam is the best known direct material.
Dental amalgam is the material of choice unless aesthetics are very important.
Dental amalgam is the mercury alloy which is used in teeth for reconstructive purposes.
Dental amalgam is the oldest and the most useful filling material.
Dental amalgam offers distinct advantages in many cases.
Dental amalgam remains a widely used restorative material.
Dental amalgams are mixtures of mercury, silver, and zinc.
Dental amalgams fall into that catagory.
Dental amalgams provide a constant source of elemental mercury.
Most dental amalgams contain mercury and they are poisonous.
Dental anatomy is a field of anatomy dedicated to the study of human tooth structures.
Dental anesthetics are safe when properly administered by a trained professional.
Dental anomalies can occur including anodontia, oligodontia, microdontia, or hypodontia.
Dental anomalies occur frequently in persons with clefts.
Dental anxiety appears to be a gender-specific phenomenon.
Dental anxiety can develop into a phobia, which can be more life-limiting than anxiety.
A dental appliance is a device
Dental appliances are devices.
Dental appliances are relatively inexpensive.
Dental appliances work by pulling the jaw and tongue forward in order to open up the air passage.
Dental artifacts are on display.
Dental assistance is a popular service at the field hospitals.
A dental assistant is an assistant
Dental assistant is a one year, half-day program held during the afternoon session.
Dental assistants apply clinical skills and promote oral health in a variety of settings.
Dental assistants are an integral part of the dental team.
Dental assistants are assistants.
Dental assistants are available at all sites.
Dental assistants are competent in technical, interpersonal, and management areas.
Dental assistants are core members of the dental team.
Dental assistants are in demand and the job outlook is very good.
Dental assistants are in high demand.
Dental assistants are invaluable because they work beside the dentist as their extra hands.
Dental assistants are located in dentists.
Dental assistants can begin their careers without a college degree.
Dental assistants enjoy some of the best hours and working conditions available in health care.
Dental assistants follow rules.
Dental assistants follow specific rules.
Dental assistants have one of the most diverse and interesting of all positions in a dental office.
Dental assistants help dentists prepare, examine and treat patients.
Dental assistants learn duties.
Dental assistants make up a medium-sized occupational group.
Dental assistants perform a variety of patient care, office and laboratory duties.
Dental assistants perform a variety of patient care, office, and laboratory duties.
Dental assistants perform a variety of tasks in the dental office.
Dental assistants perform tasks.
Dental assistants perform the following list of tasks, but the tasks are common to many occupations.
Dental assistants prepare patients for treatment and assist the doctor during and dental surgery.
Dental assistants prepare the patients for dental work.
Dental assistants receive a few extra points used in admission consideration.
Dental assistants serve as chair side, circulating, and practice management team members.
Dental assistants wear gloves and masks to protect themselves from infectious diseases.
Dental assistants work at dental offices.
Dental assistants work in dentists' offices, helping to treat and examine patients.
Dental assistants work under supervision.
Most dental assistants are women of child bearing age.
Most dental assistants follow rules.
Most dental assistants follow specific rules.
Most dental assistants learn duties.
Most dental assistants perform tasks.
Most dental assistants work in dental offices.
Most dental assistants work under supervision.
Some dental assistants become sales representatives for firms that manufacture dental products.
Some dental assistants make impressions of teeth.
Some dental assistants seek to qualify for practice as dental hygienists.
Some dental assistants wear glass.
Some dental assistants wear safety glass.
Some dental assistants work with dentists.
Some dental assistants working the front office become office managers.
Dental attachments are also available that keep the mouth open and the airway clear during sleep.
Dental attrition is the natural result of a diet high in unprocessed vegetal materials and grit.
Dental benefits are a lower cost to the employer .
Dental benefits are available in some counties.
Dental benefits are one of the most popular and most frequently requested employee benefit options.
Dental benefits are optional on a school by school basis.
Dental benefits attract young families.
Dental brushes are available that have specialized bristles.
Dental care affects ability.
Dental care begins once the primary dentition erupts and continues into adolescence.
Dental care begun early also can help the animal avoid later, potentially serious, complications.
Dental care can prevent early tooth loss and bladder or kidney infections.
Dental care includes the treatment of all oral disease.
Dental care is a critical problem among the nation's poor children.
Dental care is a very under-estimated survival problem.
Dental care is about even.
Dental care is affordable because faculty-supervised student dentists provide treatment.
Dental care is also an important part of our activities.
Dental care is also available, with one dentist on staff.
Dental care is also important.
Dental care is also limited.
Dental care is also very important.
Dental care is attention
Dental care is available for spouses only on an optional basis.
Dental care is available from any participating dentist.
Dental care is available on an emergency basis.
Dental care is both permissible and advisable.
Dental care is care.
Dental care is certainly one of the aspects of pet health care most overlooked by pet owners.
Dental care is comfortable and rewarding.
Dental care is essential in managing and preventing bacterial infection.
Dental care is essential.
Dental care is extremely important in beagles.
Dental care is free to soldiers.
Dental care is given to expectant mothers referred from District prenatal clinics.
Dental care is important for every body.
Dental care is important to prevent cavities, gum disease and other illnesses.
Dental care is included.
Dental care is limited to the treatment of an accidental injury to natural teeth or a fractured jaw.
Dental care is offered in emergency situations only.
Dental care is often a neglected topic.
Dental care is only available as an add-on to the medical plan.
Dental care is provided at the main hospital as well as at four satellite clinics.
Dental care is provided by licensed dentists, dental hygienists and certified dental assistants.
Dental care is so expensive.
Dental care is something else.
Dental care is sporadic and lacks the necessary materials needed for treatment or for prosthesis.
Dental care is the most overlooked element that can add years to a dog's life.
Dental care is usually predictable.
Dental care is VERY expensive.
Dental care is very important for dogs.
Dental care is very important.
Dental care is very scarce in developing countries.
Dental care is vital.
Dental care offers free dental hygiene information and other dental services throughout the year.
All dental care is limited to selected list of providers.
Most dental care affects ability.
Most dental care is provided by private practitioners.
Dental caries are a long-term concern for patients who have undergone radiation therapy.
Dental caries are supposed to be due, in part, to a low vitamin C intake.
Dental caries are the main problem associated with a high sugar intake.
Dental caries are the most common and often the most informative of dental lesions.
Dental caries can involve any tooth or possibly all teeth.
Dental caries is a lifestyle-dependent infectious disease.
Dental caries is caused by acid formed by bacterial breakdown in plaque of sugar in the diet.
Dental caries is the disease process of tooth decay.
Dental caries remains among the most prevalent diseases of both children and adults.
Dental ceramics are inherently brittle and cracks can propagate from surfaces placed under tension.
Dental charges can vary enormously.
Dental charts are available.
Dental claims are no exception.
Dental classes celebrate reunions every five years.
Dental clients are very aware of disease transmission today.
Dental Clinics generate distinct hazardous chemical waste streams.
Dental clinics have emergencies, too, and anyone can be bumped from an appointment.
Many dental colleges operate no-cost or low fee dental clinics.
Dental commands located near the MTFs can expect a visit at the same time.
Dental companies provide supplies, such as gloves, gauze, and preventive care products.
Dental condition appears to have been good but only five teeth now remain.
Dental cosmetics is part of their expertise, as is the correct functioning of a person's bite.
Dental cover Visiting the dentist can be financially painful.
Dental coverage can include orthodontia benefits.
Dental coverage commences after a two-month waiting period from the effective date of coverage.
Dental coverage continues through the end of the month of active employment.
Dental coverage is also available under the plan for an additional charge.
Dental coverage is available at the choice and expense of each associate.
Dental coverage is available for dependents upon request, and the premiums are paid by the resident.
Dental coverage is available only if dental care is required as the result of an accident.
Dental coverage is available to all individuals who are eligible for health benefits with the state.
Dental coverage is available with the cost of premiums shared by the school and the teacher.
Dental coverage is considered very important to have for children.
Dental coverage is effective after six months.
Dental coverage is effective on the first day of enrollment in a medical plan.
Dental coverage is included.
Dental coverage is offered through a traditional plan.
Dental coverage is one of several new benefits being considered for employees.
Dental coverage is provided to all employees under the healthcare plan.
Dental coverage is provided to interested employees at employee expense.
Dental coverage is provided with minimal charge.
Dental coverage offers a wide array of comprehensive plan designs.
Most dental coverage is designed to ensure that the patient receives regular preventive care.
Dental dams are a necessary component of any non-discriminatory condom availability program.
Dental dams are another barrier method.
Dental dams are available in a variety of flavors.
Dental dams are extremely effective at preventing STIs if they are used properly.
Dental dams are rubber sheaths that are used as a barrier between the mouth and vaginal secretions.
Dental dams are square sheets of latex used by dentists to isolate a tooth and control infection.
Dental dams are squares of latex that are used during oral sex.
Dental dams come in a wide variety of flavors.
Dental dams get their name because they are used during dental surgery such as root canals.
Dental decay is a disease which results in dissolution and destruction of teeth.
Dental decay is disease, a very preventable disease much like polio or measles.
Dental decay is located in mouths.
Dental decay is one of North Carolina's most common childhood diseases.
Dental decay is one of the most common chronic infectious diseases among U.S. children.
Dental decay is preventable.
Dental decay is the prime problem in children starting in the first few years of life.
Dental decay is usually without symptoms until it has destroyed a large amount of tooth structure.
Dental degrees are still an excellent investment .
Dental devices are only effective for mild to moderate sleep apnea.
Dental devices See below.
Dental disease begins with plaque .
Dental disease begins with plaque.
Dental disease can be painful, and cause reduced appetite and energy levels.
Dental disease can be present without any symptoms, and it can advance rapidly.
Dental disease can lead to bad breath and is common in all animals at some point during maturity.
Dental disease can lead to many problems with the teeth and even other body systems.
Dental disease Deteriorating gums and teeth affect many older dogs.
Dental disease has a reciprocal effect with overall body health.
Dental disease is a chronic problem among low-income populations.
Dental disease is a leading health problem among children in Monterey County.
Dental disease is almost always the result of a combination of factors.
Dental disease is also a problem in older pets.
Dental disease is as common among cats as it is in humans.
Dental disease is as common in dogs and cats as it is in humans.
Dental disease is common in older cats.
Dental disease is extremely common in older cats and can hinder eating and cause significant pain.
Dental disease is highly preventable, at a minimum cost.
Dental disease is one of the most common diseases in dogs.
Dental disease is preventable.
Dental disease is the most common cause of excessive salivation.
Dental disease is the most common change seen in older beagles.
Dental disease is the most common condition seen in our canine patients.
Dental disease is the number one diagnosed disease in our patients.
Dental disease is very common in cats.
Dental disease is very common in felines.
Dental disease occurs in different stages.
Dental disease occurs with tragic frequency in feline companions.
Dental diseases are preventable and can be accomplished at relatively low cost.
Dental diseases have causes.
Most dental disease is preventable through a program of oral hygiene and regular professional care.
Most dental disease is preventable.
Dental disorders can cause excessive salivation in cats.
Dental distress can result from malocclusion, postural imbalances, and improper jaw relationships.
Dental duo teach how to ease fear .
Dental dysplasia is a common lesion in many strains of mice.
Dental education is delivered through comprehensive didatic and clinical sessions.
Dental education is very similar.
Dental elements are absent here.
Many dental emergencies are due to lost fillings, broken teeth or ill-fitting dentures.
Dental enamel eroded by stomach acid and lack of menstruation are other signs.
Dental enamel is the hardest substance our bodies can produce, even harder than bone.
Dental epithelium folds to form the shape of the tooth prior to differentiation of tooth tissues.
Dental equipment appears to be safe for individuals with pacemakers.
Dental erosion is the breakdown of tooth structure caused by acid attacks on the teeth.
Dental eruption sequences among colobine primates.
Dental essays follow the basic guidelines of any scientific essay.
Dental exams are now annually so please plan accordingly.
Every dental exam provides the opportunity to perform routine preventative dental maintenance.
Dental examinations are a vital part of readiness.
Dental expenses are high.
Dental expenses are more predictable than other health expenses.
Dental experience is preferred and training is available.
All dental facilities are well-equipped and are located within modern health facilities.
Most dental facilities offer a group practice setting with specialty consultation readily available.
Dental fear is a multifactorial problem frequently encountered during dental treatment of children.
Dental fear is a very real feeling, which many people share.
Dental fees do vary geographically.
Most dental fillings are mercury amalgam.
Dental findings can be quite varied.
A dental floss is thread
Dental floss has many uses.
Dental floss is a fantastic repair thread.
Dental floss is a thread, usually nylon, which is also available as a tape.
Dental floss is hard to come by under water.
Dental floss is the basic instrument for removal of plaque from between the teeth.
Dental floss seems like a small thing.
Dental flosses are filament.
Dental flosses are located in bathrooms.
Dental flosses are located in dentists.
Dental flosses are located in drug stores.
Dental flosses are located in mouths.
Dental flosses are located in stores.
Dental flosses are string.
Dental flosses are thread.
Dental flosses are toiletry.
Dental flosses are used for fresh breaths.
Dental flosses are used for teeth.
Dental fluorosis involves the appearance of white spots in the tooth enamel.
Dental fluorosis is a cosmetic defect resulting in stained teeth.
Dental fluorosis is a cosmetic defect that causes the staining of teeth.
Dental fluorosis is a discoloration and occasional mottling of tooth.
Dental fluorosis is characterized by a graying of teeth.
Dental fluorosis is characterized by mottled and discolored teeth.
Dental fluorosis is just the first sign of fluoride poisoning.
Dental fluorosis is now pandemic in fluoridated areas.
Dental fluorosis is seen as fine white lines running across tooth surface.
Dental formulas are an easy way to indicate the number of each type of tooth for a species.
Dental gold is metal
Dental gold is strong, pure and nickel free.
Most dental graduates become general dental practitioners.
Dental health depends upon good habits, proper nutrition and regular professional monitoring.
Dental health is a primary concern for senior patients.
Dental health is a serious issue for animals.
Dental health is also very important.
Dental health is an essential component of overall physical wellness.
Dental health is an important component of overall health.
Dental health is an important factor in determining readiness for deployment.
Dental health is enormously important.
Dental health is important at any age.
Dental health is integral to overall health.
Dental health is more important than most people realize.
Dental health is no exception.
Dental health is nothing to floss over.
Dental health is the most important reason to have teeth straightened.
Dental health plays a critical role in learning.
Dental history is non-contributory.
Dental hygiene can be a very lonely profession.
Dental hygiene is a critical issue.
Dental hygiene is a great profession and a lot of hard work.
Dental hygiene is a licensed profession.
Dental hygiene is a prevention oriented profession that offers a variety of career options.
Dental hygiene is a prevention oriented profession.
Dental hygiene is a relatively new occupation in New Zealand.
Dental hygiene is an important factor to healthy living in general.
Dental hygiene is important.
Dental hygiene is no exception.
Dental hygiene is pretty self explanatory.
Dental hygiene receives numerous requests from employers for baccalaureate dental hygienists.
Some dental hygiene leads to certain diseases.
Some dental hygiene leads to dental diseases.
Some dental hygiene leads to diseases.
A dental hygienist is a skilled worker
Dental Hygienists are important partners in the delivery of dental health care.
Dental hygienists are primary providers of preventive dental care.
Dental hygienists are skilled workers.
Dental hygienists are so powerful.
Dental Hygienists are specialists in all aspects of preventive dentistry.
Dental Hygienists are strong advocates of the preventative approach to disease.
Dental hygienists are very active participants with community events.
Dental hygienists attend two years of college at an accredited school.
Dental hygienists can elect to practice full time or on a part-time basis.
Dental Hygienists can make a difference in the nation's oral health.
Dental Hygienists clean and polish teeth using scaling instruments and a rotating polisher.
Dental hygienists evaluate the dental health of patients.
Dental hygienists function as oral health educators in both private practice and community settings.
Dental hygienists have professional associations at the state, national and international level.
Dental hygienists help people keep their teeth clean .
Dental hygienists help people keep their teeth clean.
Dental hygienists perform many patient care roles in the dental office.
Dental hygienists practice in accordance with requirements of individual state dental practice acts.
Dental Hygienists provide preventive and therapeutic services, and perform dental health counseling.
Dental hygienists provide preventive dental care to patients under the supervision of a dentist.
Dental hygienists use a variety of instruments in the course of their work.
Dental hygienists work in a clinical environment under the supervision of a registered dentist.
Dental Hygienists work in a variety of clinical and public health settings.
Dental hygienists work in clean, well-lighted offices.
Dental hygienists work under the supervision of a dentist.
Dental hygienists work with clients and the public to achieve and maintain oral health.
Many dental hygienists help detect serious problems early by focusing on extensive oral exams.
Most dental hygienists work as part of a dental team in private dental practices.
Most Dental Hygienists work part time - eight hours a day, usually two or three days a week.
Some dental hygienists work in industry.
Dental hypersensitivity is run of the mill.
A dental implant is an implant
Dental implants are a rapidly growing treatment option in dentistry today.
Dental implants are a revolutionary new way to replace missing teeth.
Dental implants are artificial replacement of the natural teeth roots.
Dental implants are artificial substitutes for natural tooth roots.
Dental implants are artificial tooth roots that are threaded into the jaw bone.
Dental implants are fixtures for artificial teeth that are implanted directly into the jaw bone.
Dental implants are gaining popularity for a number of reasons, experts say.
Dental implants are implants.
Dental implants are made of non-reactive titanium alloy, no tissue rejection can occur.
Dental implants are medically pure titanium devices that are placed into the jawbone.
Dental implants are metal anchors which act as tooth root substitutes.
Dental implants are metal posts surgically placed in the jaw underneath the gum tissue.
Dental implants are metal, or carbon posts that are surgically placed into the bone.
Dental implants are of two basic designs.
Dental implants are one of the greatest advancements in dentistry.
Dental implants are one of the more rapidly advancing areas of medical technology.
Dental implants are permanent titanium metal implants that replace missing teeth.
Dental Implants are small titanium fixtures that are placed in the bone of the upper or lower jaw.
Dental implants are stable.
Dental Implants are substitutes for natural tooth roots.
Dental implants are the closest thing to natural teeth.
Dental implants are the perfect option for people missing one, two, or more teeth.
Dental implants are truly a revolution, solving an age old problem safely and predictably.
Dental implants are very successful.
Dental implants attach directly to the jaw bone, unlike dentures which are removable.
Dental implants can allow people to reach their optimum dental health.
Dental implants can also fail from many of the same reasons that cause tooth loss.
Dental implants can be an effective method to replace one tooth or several teeth.
Dental implants can be the best solution to the problem of missing teeth.
Dental implants can help replace a single tooth or a complete set of teeth.
Dental implants can improve the wearability of lower dentures.
Dental implants can last a lifetime and are an excellent investment in oral health.
Dental implants can prevent embarrassment about spaces from missing teeth.
Dental implants can provide non-removable tooth replacements in the toothless law.
Dental implants can provide support for a full denture, making it more secure and comfortable.
Dental Implants can replace a single tooth , many teeth or all teeth .
Dental implants can replace a single tooth, several teeth or complete dentures.
Dental implants do just the opposite - dental implants prevent bone loss.
Dental implants function as replacement teeth which are actually secured in the jawbone.
Dental implants have the capability to serve as substitutes for natural tooth roots.
Dental implants help to preserve bone levels and a youthful facial appearance.
Dental implants offer a permanent solution to missing teeth.
Dental implants offer many benefits never before available for the treatment of missing teeth.
Dental implants offer some of the finest restorative results possible in modern dentistry.
Dental implants prevent progressive bone atrophy and shrinkage.
Dental implants provide a solution.
Dental implants provide an alternative to a denture that wobbles, clicks or causes pain.
Dental implants provide for non-removable tooth replacements in the toothless jaw.
Dental implants provide several advantages over other teeth replacement options.
Dental implants provide several solutions to the problem of total edentulism.
Dental implants provide support for restorations that replace missing teeth.
Dental Implants replace missing teeth with stability and natural feel.
Dental implants require a time commitment from three to nine months.
Dental implants serve as solid and permanent posts upon which artificial teeth are mounted.
Some dental implants are magnetic.
Dental implantation is also the solution for missing teeth.
Dental infection can grow to infect the eyes or spread to the neck.
Dental infection is the leading cause of necrotizing cervical fasciitis.
Dental infections can stress the system and even contribute to major organ disease.
Dental informatics is the science and the art of preventing oral disease and promoting oral health.
Dental information is available for comparison.
Dental injections hurt much less if they are given slowly and carefully.
Dental injuries are painful, costly, and permanent.
Dental injuries are the most common type of sports-related facial injury.
Dental injuries require immediate attention and appropriate response.
Every dental instrument is either disposable or heat sterilized.
Dental insurance becomes effective on the first of the month following the date of employment.
Dental insurance can be a confusing thing sometimes.
Dental insurance covers only basic tooth-related problems.
Dental insurance insures employees against a portion or all of the cost associated with dental care.
Dental insurance is a contract between the employer and the patient.
Dental insurance is a very popular benefit among employees.
Dental insurance is also available at group rates.
Dental insurance is also available at inexpensive premiums.
Dental insurance is also available at nominal cost to the employee.
Dental insurance is also available at the employee s expense.
Dental insurance is also available for a fee.
Dental insurance is also available for an additional charge.
Dental insurance is also available.
Dental insurance is an optional benefit.
Dental insurance is available as well as a variety of other options.
Dental insurance is available at a nominal cost to the employee.
Dental insurance is available at group rates.
Dental insurance is available at nominal cost to the employee.
Dental insurance is available at partial cost to the employee.
Dental insurance is available for a monthly contribution from the trainee.
Dental insurance is available for graduate trainees and their eligible dependents.
Dental insurance is available to employees at no cost.
Dental insurance is available to employees at the time of hire.
Dental insurance is available to employees who work half time or more.
Dental insurance is available to legislators and their dependents.
Dental insurance is available.
Dental insurance is effective six months from the date of entry.
Dental insurance is funded by the employee.
Dental insurance is generally available at the beginning of the second year of employment.
Dental insurance is offered at no charge to employees regardless of their health care selection.
Dental insurance is provided at no cost to the employee.
Dental insurance is provided by Delta Premier Plan.
Dental insurance is provided for the resident after three months on staff.
Dental insurance is provided for the resident at no cost.
Dental insurance is provided only for employees.
Dental insurance works differently.
Dental insurance works the same way.
All dental insurance ceases upon retirement.
Most dental insurance is group insurance.
Dental issues are very common in PRS children.
Dental items comprise approximately five percent of the collection.
Dental kits are also available from chemists.
Dental labs perform most of the laboratory work.
Dental laboratories contribute services.
Dental laboratories make dentures, artificial teeth and orthodontic appliances.
Dental lasers are a family of instruments.
Dental lasers are low-powered, which is essential for treating the delicate tissues of the mouth.
Dental lesions are virtually nonexistent on reference sites.
Dental malocclusion supports the diagnosis of long standing significant nasal obstruction.
Dental market analyses differ regarding the future of DHMOs in dentistry.
Dental matches take longer.
Dental materials are specially fabricated materials , designed for use in dentistry .
Dental materials are the most extensively employed biomaterials for incorporation in the human body.
Dental materials are the most extensively employed biomaterials in the human body.
Dental materials can break down and change with time.
All dental materials have the potential to cause an adverse reaction.
Dental mercury is just another chemical pollution problem to add to our very long list of problems.
Dental mercury is the cause in the vast majority of cases.
All dental metals release small amounts of their metal in the mouth under normal conditions.
Dental needs are at the bottom of the needs list.
Dental nurses have values.
Most dental nurses have values.
Dental offices are interesting, pleasant, people-oriented environments in which to work.
Dental offices are located in buildings.
Dental offices are located in cities.
Dental offices are located in hospitals.
Dental offices are located in office buildings.
Dental offices are located in streets.
Dental offices are located in strip malls.
Dental offices are located in towns.
Dental offices are located in urban areas.
Dental offices are used for dentists.
Dental offices are used for waitings.
Dental offices provide general and specialized dental care.
Dental offices vary on their policies of missed appointments.
Every dental office is reviewed once every three years.
Many dental offices employ more than one hygienist, so new opportunities are always available.
Most dental offices are likely to be exempt from a second recordkeeping requirement.
Most dental offices offer fluoride treatments with tasty flavors, like bubble gum or grape.
Most dental offices take a month to complete a denture.
Most dental offices treat just the tooth.
Most dental offices use a continuous-flow unit.
Dental pain is normally a gradual warning sign that needs to be attended to as soon as possible.
Dental pain makes it harder for the elderly to meet protein requirements.
Dental patients play a prominent role in oral hygiene.
Dental patients utilize existing medical clinic system during evening hours.
Many dental patients require special surgeries to correct their dental issues.
Dental personnel knows how to estimate risk factors.
All dental personnel receive training in patient and environmental protection procedures.
Dental pharmacology relates to the study of drugs commonly used in the treatment of dental disease.
Dental plan is available in all areas of Indiana as well as outside the state.
Dental plan is offered at an additional charge.
Dental plan means individual or group coverage.
Dental plans are benefits.
Dental plans can be voluntary.
Dental plans do have their limitations.
Dental plans focus on preventive care.
Dental plans provide employees with prepaid coverage for a variety of dental procedures.
Every dental plan has basic features concerning procedures and fees.
Some dental plans offer coverage.
Dental plaque can cause such disorders as gingivitis and pyorrhea.
Dental plaque can have a virulent effect when the immune system is being suppressed.
Dental plaque collects around and between teeth.
Dental plaque contains the bacterium Actinomyces viscosus.
Dental plaque contributes to periodontal disease.
Dental plaque is a clear, gelatinous material that allows bacteria to remain on the teeth.
Dental plaque is a sticky substance composed of millions of bacteria.
Dental plaque is actually quite complex.
Dental plaque is composed of many substances including oral bacteria and food particles.
Dental plaque is formed when bacteria use our teeth as a place to grow.
Dental plaque is hard to see unless it is stained.
Dental plaque is hard to see unless it's stained.
Dental plaque is one commonly encountered biofilm.
Dental plaque is one of the best known examples of a biofilm.
Dental plaque is perhaps the most well known biofilm.
Dental plaque is plaque
Dental plaque is plaque.
Dental plaque is soft and easily removed by brushing and flossing the teeth.
Dental plaque is the bacterial mass that adheres to and builds up on a tooth surface.
Dental plaque is the key etiologic agent in the initiation of gingivitis and periodontal disease.
Dental plaque is the primary cause of gingivitis in genetically-susceptible individuals.
Dental plaster cures very fast, which makes it the best choice.
Dental plaster is usually white in color.
A dental plate is a dental appliance
Dental plates are available from dentists with a special interest in snoring.
Dental porcelains are incredibly strong.
Most dental porcelain sold today is uranium-free.
Dental problems account for the majority of breath disorders.
Dental problems affect the majority of people.
Dental problems are a frequent cause of initial physical disqualification.
Dental problems are another frequent complaint at the clinic.
Dental problems are common.
Dental problems are one of the most cited reasons for kids missing school.
Dental problems are one of the most common disorders among guinea pigs.
Dental problems are one of the top three reasons pet owners visit their veterinary surgeon.
Dental problems are really preventable.
Dental problems are the biggest and most common health problem for Humboldt County children.
Dental problems are very serious and can cause all sorts of ailments.
Dental problems associate with conditions.
Dental problems can affect any horse, regardless of age.
Dental problems can also occur in young dogs and cats.
Dental problems can be a frustrating, costly and time-consuming inconvenience.
Dental problems can begin early.
Dental problems can cause head or eye pain as well.
Dental problems can continually worsen unbeknownst to the owner or trainer.
Dental problems can interfere with chewing, for example.
Dental problems can manifest themselves in many ways.
Dental problems can sometime indicate problems with the heart.
Dental problems impact health.
Dental problems impact overall health.
Dental problems increase with age as well.
Dental problems interfere with talking, eating, and being comfortable.
Dental problems make it hard to eat, talk, and smile.
Many dental problems faced by horses essentially are man-made through genetics.
Most dental problems associate with conditions.
Most dental problems impact overall health.
Some dental problems are faced by patients.
Some dental problems cause pain.
Some dental problems lead to absorption.
Some dental problems lead to nutrient absorption.
Some dental problems lead to poor absorption.
Some dental problems lead to poor nutrient absorption.
A dental procedure is a medical procedure
Most dental procedures are safe during pregnancy.
Some dental procedures do require pre-authorization by the Retail Clerks Plan.
Some dental procedures require restraint.
Dental products occupy a niche that overlaps both beauty and health groups.
Dental professionals agree on the one-two punch soda can deliver to the teeth.
Dental professionals are at particular risk of developing a complication known as herpetic whitlow.
Dental professionals are in a good position to help a lot of kids.
Dental professionals have an excess risk that can be three to five times that of the general public.
Dental professionals have special ways of explaining procedures to kids.
Dental professionals realize the importance of proper home care.
Dental professionals recognize and rely on the quality of our oral care products.
Dental professionals recommend having more frequent dental cleanings.
Dental professionals recommend purchasing a new toothbrush at least every three months.
Dental records are available as well as fingerprints.
Dental records are available.
Dental records are located in dentists.
All dental referrals require a Prior Authorization in order for services to be reimbursed.
Dental repairs begin to make people healthy.
Dental researchers know that all types of sugars can promote tooth decay.
Dental residents get experience treating over fifty hospital consult patients each month.
Dental restorations assist in creating a more stable bite.
A dental school is a graduate school
Dental school consists of a four year curriculum.
Dental school has the same type of service as medical school does.
Dental schools are graduate schools.
Dental schools are very competitive.
Dental schools benefit by receiving uniform information on all applicants.
Dental schools consider many factors when deciding whom to accept into their programs.
Dental schools differ in their requirements for letters of evaluation.
Dental schools expect that applicants have experience in a dental office setting.
Dental schools grant doctoral degrees in dentistry.
Dental schools have a major responsibility for educating future dental researchers.
Dental schools have clinics staffed by faculty and students.
Dental schools have no preference as to a student's major.
Dental schools reserve the right to alter their admission requirements without notice.
Dental schools seek to admit individuals who have a variety of interests and experiences.
Dental schools seek to admit students from diverse educational backgrounds.
Dental schools use tests.
Many dental schools accept students after three years of undergraduate coursework.
Many dental schools require one year of English.
Most dental schools conduct a four-year program leading to a doctoral degree in dentistry.
Most dental schools have similar pre-professional course requirements.
Most dental schools offer reduced rates for dental procedures.
Most dental schools require a personal interview.
Most dental schools require an interview and all require recommendations.
Most dental schools require mathematics at least through precalculus.
Most dental schools require three or more years of pre-dental training.
Most dental schools use tests.
Some dental schools have additional course requirements.
Some dental schools require completion of specific pre-dental courses.
Dental sealants act as a barrier, protecting the teeth against decay-causing bacteria.
Dental sealants are a vital component of caries prevention.
Dental sealants are available to students with parental consent.
Dental sealants are now big business within the dental community.
Dental sealants are simple to apply, requiring no anesthetic.
Dental sealants can only provide their best protection when they are fully intact.
Dental sealants can provide a further layer of protection against cavities.
Dental sealants consist of a plastic material that is applied to the tooth enamel.
Dental sealants protect children's teeth and help prevent cavities.
Dental sealants provide specific protection against that kind of cavity.
Dental service is also available.
Dental service is available through a dental clinic and private dentistry services.
Dental services are also available in the area.
Dental services are also available.
Dental services are available for both adults and children.
Dental services are available to categorically and medically needy clients.
Dental services are available twice weekly and a psychologist sees patients one day a week.
Dental services are by appointment only.
Dental services use among adults with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Dental site starts here .
Many dental sites provide detailed technical information about dentistry.
Dental specialists have even more training.
Dental specialists treat disorder.
Many dental specialists offer their patients payment plans.
Most dental specialists treat disorder.
All dental specialities are available for consultaton and special treatment needs.
Dental sponges have a small sponge at the end of a handle, and are disposable.
All dental staff are to be congratulated on their efforts to increase capacity.
Dental stars are the areas of yellow to brown dentin that fill the pulp cavity.
Dental stone cures fast.
Dental stone is the hardest and is used for dies or projects that require more strength.
Dental structure indicates predominantly carnivorous lifestyle.
Dental structure suggests they descended from insectivores in the late Cretaceous.
Dental students begin to treat patients during the second trimester of the second year.
Dental students conduct themselves with honesty and integrity.
Dental students provide all aspects of general dentistry in a college campus based health center.
Dental students provide dental care for senior citizens at various area nursing homes.
All dental students are welcome to attend.
Many dental students choose the military as an option for paying for their education.
Most dental students have at least a bachelor s degree.
Some dental students utilize job opportunities such as dental assisting to affirm dental interest.
Some dental surgery exacerbates conditions.
A dental technician is a technician
Dental technicians are located in dentists.
Dental technicians are technicians.
Dental technicians design, fabricate, and repair dental appliances and prosthetic restorations.
Dental technicians find employment through a variety of avenues.
Dental technicians have a daily opportunity to use their creative skills.
Dental technicians have hundreds of hours.
Dental technicians use a number of different waxes for various purposes.
Dental technicians work in locations similar to hospital corpsmen.
Dental technicians work with a variety of materials in replacing damaged or missing tooth structure.
Many dental technicians learn their craft on the job.
Some dental technicians perform every phase of the work.
Dental technology is an excellent field for persons who dream of owning their own business someday.
Dental technology is an excellent field for persons who dream of owning their own business.
Dental technology presents equal career opportunities for women and men and minorities.
Dental tips help to massage gums while it cleans teeth.
Dental tissues are superior targets for sensory innervation.
Dental trauma is a common type of facial injury suffered during sporting events.
Dental trauma is usually obvious, although some injuries can be more serious than they first appear.
Dental treatment is also available.
Dental treatment is also free for school-age children.
Dental treatment is available for all ages - fillings, crowns and dentures.
Dental treatment is limited to extraction, fillings and cleaning.
Dental treatment is made more pleasurable for young patients by our considerate and sensitive staff.
Dental treatment is of a high standard but can be costly.
Dental treatment is provided to active duty military members only.
Dental treatment is relatively expensive.
Dental treatment means mercury.
Dental treatments include oral appliance therapy.
Dental treatments include therapy.
Dental utilization is very predictable.
Most dental variations are polygenic, that is controlled by several genes.
Dental visits can be frightening for some children, just as it is for many adults.
Dental visits can cause anxiety.
Dental visits remain anxiety inducing for some patients.
Most dental visits are expensive because the equipments and the material are imported.
Dental work is extremely expensive.
Dental work is safe in the surgeon's hands.
Dental work is scheduled.
Dental work is worth the time and money necessary to get it done.
All dental work is conducted under the supervision of qualified dentists on faculty.
Dentary teeth have about eight denticles and weak ridges.
Dente does eat some forms of meat.
Dentes cuspidati s.
Dented eyes are common in snakes that are dehydrated or who have previously retained eye sheds.
A denticle is a tooth
Denticle are similar to the shark's teeth.
Denticles are usually a millimeter or so in size, and are therefore often overlooked.
Most dentigerous cysts are solitary.
A dentin is a material
Dentin composes most of the root, which normally has pulp canals.
Dentin forms most of the tooth.
Dentin gives strength, fluoride hardens and stabilizes the crystals of teeth.
Many dentist offices are more than willing to work out a plan.
Some Dentist positions are part-time.
Dentist visits are a challenge to say the least.
Dentist visits have to be arranged with the childrens hometown.
A dentist is a medical man
Dentist advises elastic wrap for thumb-sucking.
Dentist are among the largest polluters of mercury in North America.
Dentist are people too.
Dentist check up.
Dentist comes to class.
Dentist isa adult.
Dentists advise individuals.
Dentists also administer anesthetics when appropriate.
Dentists also apply sealants and repair fractured teeth.
Dentists also are on staff and the board of trustees.
Dentists also hire and supervise workers, such as receptionists and dental assistants .
Dentists also hire and supervise workers, such as receptionists and dental assistants.
Dentists also look for cancer in the mouth.
Dentists also make and insert false teeth.
Dentists also practice in public clinics run by charitable societies.
Dentists also provide direct care in the absence of students.
Dentists also provide student scholarships and the high-paying jobs upon graduation.
Dentists also use vitality testing to record a baselines for future comparison.
Dentists appreciate using dental amalgam because it is easier to work with than other alternatives.
Dentists are able to access their practice data across the Internet through a secured connection.
Dentists are also available for dental exams and prophylactic treatment.
Dentists are also available to answer questions.
Dentists are also liable for discriminatory actions by their staff.
Dentists are among the top five percent of wage earners in the United States.
Dentists are doctors who specialize in oral health.
Dentists are doctors.
Dentists are efficient, but it often seems they're in a hurry.
Dentists are evil.
Dentists are expensive.
Dentists are films.
Dentists are free to set their fees according to their skills and service.
Dentists are generally technical people who like to fill cavities and make crowns.
Dentists are in high demand.
Dentists are incapable of asking questions that require a simple yes or no answer.
Dentists are less arrogant than doctors.
Dentists are likely to be found only in Maseru.
Dentists are likely to hire more hygienists and dental assistants to handle routine services.
Dentists are located in cities.
Dentists are located in dental offices.
Dentists are located in dentists.
Dentists are located in hospitals.
Dentists are located in offices.
Dentists are located in phone books.
Dentists are located in towns.
Dentists are medical practitioners.
Dentists are more to blame for turning America's children on to the perilous joys of getting high.
Dentists are nice people.
Dentists are nightmares.
Dentists are notoriously bad investors.
Dentists are principals on a health authority list, assistants and vocational dental practitioners.
Dentists are special people, no doubt.
Dentists are special people, nodoubt.
Dentists are the major practitioners of dental care.
Dentists are the most qualified to help.
Dentists are the only persons qualified to provide comprehensive denture services.
Dentists are the only practitioners required to obtain university-based hours.
Dentists are too reactive.
Dentists attempt to work outside of the already established standard of using sedation.
Dentists attribute the previous decline to water fluoridation and regular preventive dental care.
Dentists avoid prescribing narcotics because they can be habit forming.
Dentists believe that there are spatial symmetries in the mouth with respect to caries.
Dentists belong to a dental association.
Dentists can also apply solutions to seal or block the tubules.
Dentists can also be holistic.
Dentists can also bleach teeth in the office.
Dentists can also create demand for their services through publicizing the benefits of dental care.
Dentists can also protect young teeth by applying special coatings called sealants.
Dentists can be influential if they get into politics.
Dentists can check if a person has impacted wisdom teeth by taking X-rays of the teeth.
Dentists can consult color-coded charts to identify matches in caps, for example.
Dentists can contact the plan administrator to determine the employees' benefits.
Dentists can custom make mouthguards.
Dentists can detect early signs of disorders, including leukemia, heart disease, and anemia.
Dentists can diagnose and treat such cases before the condition develops into oral cancer.
Dentists can do their best stuff on people who really appreciate it.
Dentists can file forms via mail, or electronically.
Dentists can focus on delivering quality care rather than on paperwork.
Dentists can help break the silence and prevent further violence.
Dentists can help in a variety of ways to improve our smiles.
Dentists can make custom-fitted night bite guards to prevent teeth grinding at night.
Dentists can monitor and determine if any adverse reactions do occur.
Dentists can prescribe medication and perform oral surgery.
Dentists can replace one tooth or multiple teeth with dental imlants.
Dentists can report that they work in more than one branch of dentistry for their main employer.
Dentists can treat sores and provide comfort with mouthrinses and pain relievers.
Dentists charge for their services.
Dentists charge their usual fees.
Dentists check for more than decay at the check-up visit.
Dentists claim hundreds of studies prove fluoride reduces decay.
Dentists claim that the only way to remove dental tartar is by a dentist or dental hygienist.
Dentists clean, replace, or remove teeth.
Dentists comment on the dental properties of the material.
Dentists commonly take special precautions with expectant mothers.
Dentists comprise the first group to use the statewide basis.
Dentists consider methods.
Dentists consistently rank in the top seven percent of wage-earners in the world.
Dentists create mercury bearing amalgam waste when they drill out old mercury amalgam fillings.
Dentists debate the efficacy of herbs to treat toothaches, bad breath and gum disease.
Dentists debate whether scurvy can cause tooth loss.
Dentists delight .
Dentists diagnose and treat dental disorders.
Dentists diagnose conditions.
Dentists diagnose, prevent, and treat problems of the teeth and tissues of the mouth.
Dentists diagnose, treat, and prevent diseases and other problems of the teeth, jaws, and gums.
Dentists do it orally.
Dentists do it to make use of un-booked hours.
Dentists do it with drills.
Dentists do root canal treatment.
Dentists donate their time and skills in our dental clinic.
Dentists enhance and promote the total health of patients through oral health management.
Dentists extract teeth and make models and measurements for dentures to replace missing teeth.
Dentists extract teeth and make molds and measurements for dentures to replace missing teeth.
Dentists extract teeth, and make molds and measurements for dentures to replace missing teeth.
Dentists Find a Dentist.
Dentists find cavities.
Dentists find out what 's wrong , fix , and help prevent problems with teeth .
Dentists find out what's wrong, fix, and help prevent problems with teeth.
Dentists follow approaches.
Dentists generally have insurance policies.
Dentists generally recommend a small toothbrush with soft, nylon bristles.
Dentists have (part) adult bodies.
Dentists have (part) arms.
Dentists have (part) body substances.
Dentists have (part) cell membranes.
Dentists have (part) cells.
Dentists have (part) corpi.
Dentists have (part) cytoplasm.
Dentists have (part) heads.
Dentists have (part) legs.
Dentists have (part) necks.
Dentists have (part) nuclei.
Dentists have (part) personality.
Dentists have (part) plasma membranes.
Dentists have (part) sections.
Dentists have (part) vacuoles.
Dentists have a bad reputation, to say the very least.
Dentists have a high suicide rate, also.
Dentists have a professional responsibility to ensure the safety of their patients and staff.
Dentists have a variety of approaches to thumbsucking.
Dentists have coaches.
Dentists have many years of special training in the prevention and treatment of dental disease.
Dentists have new ways of easing patients' fears.
Dentists have partners.
Dentists have staff.
Dentists have the benefit of maintaining a diverse, well-rounded patient pool.
Dentists have the cheek to blame it for tooth decay, but that's bollocks too.
Dentists have the highest rate of suicide of any profession.
Dentists have the highest suicide rate of any profession.
Dentists have to fill out all kinds of forms.
Dentists have to recognize their pivotal role in early detection of diabetes.
Dentists hold a commissioned rank and there is a very structured career path.
Dentists hold that the types of mistakes discussed in the report are rare in dentistry.
Dentists leaving military service most frequently cite poor pay as their reason for mustering out.
Dentists lie through their teeth.
Dentists like to use amalgam because it's inexpensive, versatile, durable and easy to work with.
Dentists love dental floss.
Dentists love tooth decay.
Dentists maintain dental records.
Dentists make a mold of the patient's teeth.
Dentists may have difficulty.
Dentists meet requirements.
Dentists own business.
Dentists own own business.
Dentists perform an important public service to help people maintain their health and appearance.
Dentists perform surgery, implants, tissue grafts and laser surgery.
Dentists play a crucial role in expanding access to care for underserved populations.
Dentists practice in several specialties using a full range of techniques.
Dentists practising in hospitals or academic centres have ready access to the biomedical literature.
Dentists prevent, diagnose and treat diseases of the teeth and mouth tissues.
Dentists promote the use of fluoride.
Dentists provide an important public health-care service and are respected within their community.
Dentists provide free dental services.
Dentists provide relief from pain when decayed, aching teeth are extracted.
Dentists provide treatment to indigents and preventive care to school children.
Dentists receive blood on their masks from more than half of the patients every day.
Dentists receive training in the detection of cancerous lesions in dental school.
Dentists receive training in the nutritional aspects of dental health.
Dentists recommend fluoridated water for reduction of tooth decay.
Dentists recommend getting a new one every month.
Dentists recommend keeping a toothbrush at work.
Dentists recommend sealants to protect certain teeth, especially the surfaces of the back teeth.
Dentists recommend that young children establish a set routine for brushing their teeth.
Dentists regard the temporomandibular joints as the most complex in the body.
Dentists remove baby teeth.
Dentists remove teeth.
Dentists remove tooth decay, fill cavities, and repair fractured teeth.
Dentists report a greater rate of cavities in children who drink mostly bottled water.
Dentists report that coffee reduces cavities by fighting plaque causing agents.
Dentists report that patients who used to be so hard to work on are now easy to work on.
Dentists respond to annual practice survey.
Dentists rotate on-call duty.
Dentists routinely look for oral cancer during regular check-ups.
Dentists routinely use coarse burs to remove tooth decay and prepare a tooth for filling.
Dentists run the greatest risk of getting infected with blood-related viruses.
Dentists say good dental care begins in infancy.
Dentists say it look like think brown paper.
Dentists say it's okay to use pacifiers to comfort children when they're put to sleep.
Dentists say people who use smokeless tobacco are also at risk for leukoplakia.
Dentists say that dental amalgam is perfectly safe.
Dentists say the best choices are cheese, air-popped popcorn and raw vegetables.
Dentists say the only downside to prescription toothpaste is the price.
Dentists say they can offer help.
Dentists see many patients a day which calls for a person who is sociable.
Dentists Start with our endodontic, periodontic and restorative products.
Dentists statewide contribute their time and expertise.
Dentists still undersize their space requirements.
Dentists still use potentially dangerous mercury fillings, for their patients.
Dentists stress a regimen of brushing with a fluoride toothpaste followed by flossing, twice a day.
Dentists stress less pain.
Dentists stress regular brushing, flossing and the importance of periodic check-ups.
Dentists take a digital picture of the tooth and then use a computer to design the crown.
Dentists take the road to Bangladesh.
Dentists take X-ray pictures to reveal cavities in teeth.
Dentists treat children.
Dentists use a gypsum dental plaster to cast bridges.
Dentists use a tremendous amount of mercury.
Dentists use a variety of equipment, including x-ray machines, drills and instruments.
Dentists use an amazing variety of such materials.
Dentists use anesthesia to drill without pain.
Dentists use dental amalgams because it is easier to work with than other alternatives.
Dentists use gold to make crowns, because it is easy to shape and gold crowns last a long time.
Dentists use instruments such as drills, mirrors, and scalpels.
Dentists use it to clean the organic bits off of their bloody instruments and tooth pulling pliers.
Dentists use more intense light for quite short periods.
Dentists use powdered bone to fill in small defects of the teeth and gums.
Dentists use some of the same techniques to bond plastic resins for minor smile corrections.
Dentists use the cement that barnacles use to attach themselves to boats or other hard surfaces.
Dentists use various terms to describe the same disorder.
Dentists warn that there are potential drawbacks, as with any emerging technology.
Dentists wear protective clothing such as masks, gloves, glasses, and lead shields.
Dentists wear protective garments to avoid transmission of diseases.
Dentists work full time.
Dentists work time.
Dentists work with a variety of people spanning different ages, personalities and races.
Dentists often fail to diagnose small carious lesions until they become large problems.
Dentists often hire dental hygienists to handle routine preventive care, such as cleaning teeth.
Dentists often use a local anesthetic during the filling or extraction of a tooth.
Dentists often use a mercury amalgam for fillings.
Dentists sometimes can help with topical covering to decrease the pain.
Dentists sometimes perform surgery to repair, restore, and maintain teeth, gums, and oral tissues.
Dentists usually recommend semi-annual examinations.
Dentists usually think of bridges in terms of being permanently cemented, that is, non-removable.
Dentists usually work in private practice or with a dental group.
All dentists accommodate emergency visits for their regular patients.
All dentists are non-compassionate people.
All dentists have an ethical obligation to urge chemically impaired colleagues to seek treatment.
All dentists know that sometimes arthritis and other illnesses clear up if bad teeth are extracted.
All dentists receive some training in endodontic treatment in dental school.
Any dentist can capture new patients by throwing large amounts of money into the mix.
Every dentist is recredentialed at least once every two years.
Many dentist are skilled in the placement and restoration of dental implants.
Many dentists agree that raisins can cause more tooth decay than chocolate.
Many dentists already use special lasers on gums where water in such tissue absorbs laser energy.
Many dentists also like to be ultra cautious about exposing developing bone to x-rays.
Many dentists are also unaware of how closely their work is linked to a patient's general health.
Many dentists are general practitioners who handle a wide variety of dental needs.
Many dentists are in private practice while others work in hospitals, clinics and dental research.
Many dentists are self-employed.
Many dentists are within walking distance of the campus.
Many dentists claim, without scientific evidence, that the mercury in amalgam fillings is dangerous.
Many dentists currently treat the teeth with a fluoride gel.
Many dentists elect to practice by themselves until they are ready to retire.
Many dentists engage in private one-man practice.
Many dentists feel that indirect composites are a bit softer than gold and more like real tooth.
Many dentists have commitments with the administrative and political bodies of the profession.
Many dentists have payment plans for dentures and dental care.
Many dentists offer general dental care for toothaches, cleanings and check ups.
Many dentists opt to take the easy route and simply throw it out in the trash .
Many dentists prefer baking soda toothpastes.
Many dentists prescribe high fluoride content mouthwashes which can help reduce tooth sensitivity.
Many dentists recommend a rubber dam.
Many dentists recommend removal of impacted wisdom teeth to prevent potential problems.
Many dentists say their effects last longer.
Many dentists try to communicate their design ideas with words, and models of the teeth.
Many dentists work past the normal retirement age.
Most dentists advise individuals.
Most Dentists also provide oral prosthetics utilizing implants.
Most dentists are general practitioners although there are many specialty areas.
Most dentists are general practitioners and handle a variety of dental needs.
Most Dentists are general practitioners who emphasize preventative dentistry with their patients.
Most dentists are general practitioners who handle a wide variety of dental needs.
Most dentists are general practitioners who typically are fixing teeth.
Most dentists are general practitioners, handling a variety of dental needs.
Most dentists are general practitioners, handling a wide variety of dental needs.
Most dentists are general practitioners.
Most dentists are happy to discuss treatment options and plans with potential patients.
Most dentists are in private practice as their own boss.
Most dentists are in private practice.
Most dentists can provide disclosing tablets for patient use.
Most dentists consider methods.
Most dentists diagnose conditions.
Most dentists employ one or more dental hygienists.
Most dentists find cavities.
Most dentists follow approaches.
Most Dentists have a private practice.
Most dentists have dental assistants helping with procedures.
Most dentists have partners.
Most dentists have staff.
Most dentists have their own private practice.
Most dentists meet requirements.
Most dentists never bother to take the time to study both sides of the fluoride issue.
Most dentists never take the time to study both sides of the fluoride issue.
Most dentists offer fissure sealing.
Most dentists open their own practice, but an increasing number have formed partnerships or groups.
Most dentists own own business.
Most dentists perform routine screenings for oral cancer during periodic check-ups.
Most dentists prefer cash accounting, in which they pay tax only on revenues they have received.
Most dentists prefer toothbrushes with soft bristles.
Most dentists recommend a first check-up around age two.
Most dentists recommend an external annual fluoride treatment.
Most dentists recommend soft bristled brushes.
Most dentists recommend using a tooth brush with soft, end-rounded or polished bristles.
Most dentists remove baby teeth.
Most dentists remove teeth.
Most dentists treat children.
Most dentists use stainless steel posts.
Most dentists welcome the opportunity to speak with students who are considering a dental career.
Most dentists work full time.
Most dentists work in either private practice or hospitals or other practices.
Most dentists work in private practices and deal with a wide variety of dental problems.
Most dentists work in their own practice.
Some dentists advise that a pea size drop of toothpaste is sufficient to clean teeth and gums.
Some dentists agree that although coffee stains teeth, it also helps prevent cavities.
Some dentists also like to use caricatures of themselves on the business card.
Some Dentists also perform oral surgery and extract teeth, if necessary.
Some dentists attend law school and practice dental malpractice defense or prosecution.
Some dentists believe proper flossing is even more important than toothbrushing.
Some dentists choose to limit their practices to one of the nine recognized dental specialties .
Some dentists choose to limit their practices to one of the nine recognized dental specialties.
Some dentists claim to specialize in the treatment of bad breath.
Some dentists cover mouths.
Some dentists cover noses.
Some Dentists diversify into orthodontics, which is the treatment of irregular teeth.
Some dentists do research, teach, or hold positions in dental schools.
Some dentists even have virtual reality goggles which the patient can wear during the procedure.
Some dentists have a piece of equipment called a halimeter.
Some dentists have antibodies.
Some dentists have more money than others.
Some dentists have partners, and a few work for other dentists as associate dentists.
Some dentists help causes.
Some dentists help dentists.
Some dentists like to wait a week before sealing the tooth.
Some dentists offer free check-ups, but treatment can be expensive.
Some dentists operate after taking only a weekend course.
Some dentists own their own businesses and work alone or with a small staff.
Some dentists practice in primary-school clinics and are paid through the local municipality.
Some dentists prefer aggressive, hard-hitting marketing campaigns that involve high visibility.
Some dentists prefer using the oral rinse for three to five days at a time.
Some dentists recommend diets.
Some dentists say tartar-control pastes can cause mouth irritation.
Some dentists serve as administrators or public health practitioners.
Some dentists simply decide to leave private practice.
Some dentists specialize in one of eight areas.
Some dentists specialize in treatments.
Some Dentists take advanced training in specialties such as orthodontia.
Some dentists teach for the program as well as offer their offices for larger clinical meetings.
Some Dentists teach or perform research at schools of dentistry, as well as practice.
Some dentists use a self-curing resin material within the denture.
Some dentists use one instrument to a family with children during a check-up.
Some dentists use portable sulfide monitors to diagnose halitosis.
Some dentists work evenings and weekends to meet their patients' needs.
Dentistry isa medicine.
Dentofacial deformities can affect a person's ability to eat, speak and breathe properly.
Dentulous patients are more prone to develop osteoradionecrosis than are edentulous patients.
A denture is a dental appliance
Denture is clean and odor free.
Denture needs Include favorite entertainment items.
Dentures also can dislodge.
Dentures are custom made for the patient.
Dentures are dental appliances.
Dentures are false teeth.
Dentures are just one example.
Dentures are located in mouths.
Dentures are often uncomfortable and usually require regular adjustments by the dentist.
Dentures are one of the first things to become loose when people lose weight.
Dentures are removable oral appliances that replace teeth.
Dentures are to be removed.
Dentures are used for eating.
Dentures are very difficult to wear, especially for profoundly disabled people.
Dentures are very much the same.
Dentures can also be uncomfortable, and they are difficult to keep in place.
Dentures can break when dropped into a sink or on a floor.
Dentures can cause bone loss which leads to a sunken face and rapid aged appearance.
Dentures can drastically affect the way one eats, chews, tastes, and digests their food.
Dentures can help create a seal around the victim's lips.
Dentures can never replace the function of natural teeth unless supported by implants.
Dentures can warp if placed in hot water.
Dentures do exactly the same work as natural teeth.
Dentures have a notorious reputation of having poor stability.
Dentures have the opposite effect.
Dentures have, of course, come a long way since then.
Dentures involves the replacement of missing parts of teeth, bone, gums or facial structures.
Dentures make it difficult to sense whether food is fully chewed before it is swallowed.
Dentures make people appear to age more quickly.
Dentures take weeks or months to be made.
All dentures are exactly the same, so it's a good idea to order by mail for self-fitting dentures.
All dentures are the same.
Some dentures work better than others.
A denturist is a technician
Denturists also repair, reline or rebase dentures.
Denturists are independent practitioners.
Denturists form a very small occupational group.
Most denturists work in private practice.
Some denturists continue to work beyond the normal retirement age.
Dentzel carvings bring very high prices.
Denudation is a removal
Denudation is where weathering and erosion wears away and lowers the rocks and land.
Denudation therefore acts to lower all continental surfaces to a flat featureless landscape.
Denuded land becomes indistinguishable from old-growth forest after a few decades.
Denuded mountains contribute to flooding .
Denunciation is a speech act
Denunciations result from the work of reporters rather than from information leaked to newsrooms.
Denver isa thing.
Deny rights are useful in that they provide the ability to negate rights.
Deodorant crystals are natural products of the earth.
Deodorant soap is preferable as it helps fight bacteria more than regular soaps.
Deodorant soaps are often very harsh and drying.
Deodorant is artifacts.
Deodorant is instrumentation
Deodorant is located in grocery stores.
Deodorant is located in spray.
Deodorant is substances.
Deodorant is toiletry.
Deodorant is used for body odor.
Deodorants act by killing the bacteria.
Deodorants are harmful.
Deodorants are preferable because they don t interfere with sweating, a natural cooling process.
Deodorants are unnecessary.
Deodorants contain metals which can enhance a skin reaction.
Deodorants help destroy bacteria and disguise odors.
Deodorants hide the odor of sweat .
Deodorants hide the odor of sweat.
Deodorants kill the bacteria.
Deodorants mask odors by making more odors.
Deodorants mask the smell of body odour, which is actually bacteria.
Deodorants work by neutralizing the smell of the sweat and by antiseptic action against bacteria.
Deodorants work to control pouch odors.
Many deodorants contain aluminum as well.
Most deodorants inhibit the growth of bacteria.
Deodorized kerosene is used as a solvent.
Deontic logic is a modal logic with operators for permission, obligation and prohibition.
Deontic logic is formal logic
Deontic logic is the logic of obligation, permission and prohibition.
Deontological ethics are biblical.
Deontological ethics are duty-based ethics.
Deontological ethics is strongest where utilitarianism is weakest.
Deontological theories maintain that moral standards exist independent of the end results.
Deontological theories state that moral standards exist independent of the end results.
Deoxygenated blood coming from the body enters the right atrium and passes to the right ventricle.
Deoxygenated blood enters the first chamber of the heart from the body.
Deoxygenated blood enters the right atrium and passes to the right ventricle.
Deoxygenated blood enters the right atrium via the vena cava and is pumped into the right ventricle.
Deoxygenated blood flows from the body into the right atrium.
Deoxygenated blood flows to the lungs and oxygenated blood flows to the rest of the body.
Deoxygenated blood is blood.
Deoxygenated blood is heavy with carbon dioxide.
Deoxygenated blood means that the blood has very little oxygen.
Deoxygenated blood returns via veins to the venae cavae, re-entering the heart's right atrium.
Deoxygenated blood travels to the s-shaped heart, which comprises two chambers.
Deoxypyridinoline assay has the advantage of demonstrating a high degree of specificity.
Deoxyribonucleic acid is a polymer
Deoxyribonucleic acid is the double helix structure which contains all genetic information.
Deoxyribose has (part) atoms.
Deoxyribose has (part) chemical chain.
Deoxyribose has (part) chemical groups.
Deoxyribose isa carbohydrate.
Departed seniors leave many holes.
A department head is a head
Department heads admit that morale in state government is crashing.
Department heads answer to the executive officer who controls their area of specialty.
Department heads appoint subordinate personnel.
Department heads are another type of market segment.
Department heads are elated to see their faculty revitalized by the new hires.
Department heads are heads.
Department heads are responsible for determining that items are no longer of use within their areas.
Department heads are responsible for ensuring that all items are accounted for.
Department heads are responsible for equipment within their departments.
Department heads are responsible for the accuracy of their pages.
Department heads are responsible for the administration of their individual areas of operation.
Department heads are responsible for the content of their official web sites.
Department heads are responsible for the overall safety and security of their respective areas.
Department heads are responsible for the oversight of compliance with the following policies.
Department heads are responsible for their review.
Department heads are to contact help desk with new faculty members information.
Department heads are to give a fair and accurate assessment of their job performance.
Department heads assemble requests and forward to deans, directors, etc.
Department heads attend in order to respond.
Department heads call staff members.
Department heads call the co-ordinator.
Department heads can help by returning the attached brief questionnaire.
Department heads can make a case if there is absolutely no way they can replace a position.
Department heads can no longer submit one of their departments before all are complete.
Department heads can observe their own department.
Department heads can request purchasing cards for their staff members.
Department heads can set the tone for pursuing excellence in teaching and learning.
Department heads can then choose to fill positions with interested, qualified retirees.
Department heads change very quickly so it is important to call to verify the above information .
Department heads control the occupancy and use of the space assigned to their activities.
Department heads determine availability of leave time.
Department heads determine the level of the course for which a student registers.
Department heads determine the level of the course of which a student registers.
Department heads discuss training for end users.
Department heads do have some influence.
Department heads do, however, determine an employee's availability of leave time from work.
Department heads give final approval for graduation.
Department heads handle screening, interviewing and final selection.
Department heads have a copy of the final policy.
Department heads have specific economic responsibilities.
Department heads have the authority and responsibility to establish and change work schedules.
Department heads have the responsibility to make clear expectations for part-time faculty.
Department heads have to approve employees' leave and the funds to pay for the courses.
Department heads love complaints.
Department heads make selection subject to approval of the appointing authority.
Department heads plan their programs and objectives, and then submit a complete budget request.
Department heads prepare and present reports, talk to citizens' groups, and attend public meetings.
Department heads report directly to the mayor and receive their assignments from the mayor.
Department heads report that part-time faculty are generally provided office space with a telephone.
Department heads require several years of teaching experience.
Department heads review documents for accuracy and appropriateness.
Department heads say there are obstacles to optimal research. . .
Department heads use the report as a doily for coffee cups and donuts.
All department heads are to return their proposed budgets to their VP for review.
All department heads report to the director.
Many department heads are concerned about losing first-rate people.
Most department heads live on the farm.
Some department heads enjoy even more protection.
Some department heads face much more complex situations than others.
Department managers talk to customers.
A department of corrections is a local department
Department of corrections remains responsible for treatment of prisoners in private prisons.
Departments of education are busy exploring the latest educational fads.
Department of mathematics is an academic department
Many departments of mathematics require senior projects or papers.
A department store is an outlet
Department store make-up counters can be very confusing.
Department stores accept major credit cards and have money-exchanging facilities.
Department stores are a good hunting ground for hats too.
Department stores are a trade show for the public.
Department stores are also a good bet in terms of accessibility and cleanliness.
Department stores are also top performers, scooping up most non-food purchases.
Department stores are always the first and last stores open and able stores.
Department stores are buildings.
Department stores are central to consumption thus they deserve particular attention.
Department stores are everywhere offer a wide selection of world-class products.
Department stores are large structures.
Department stores are located in big cities.
Department stores are located in cities.
Department stores are located in malls.
Department stores are located in shopping malls.
Department stores are more convenient for needs.
Department stores are places.
Department stores are retail stores.
Department stores are the largest retail outlets for fur apparel.
Department stores are used for browsing.
Department stores are used for shopping.
Department stores are usually open on weekends and national holidays, but close one day a week.
Department stores are very busy during the two seasons with people coming to choose presents.
Department stores do the same thing, but on a smaller scale.
Department stores fill with crowds of roaming holiday browsers.
Department stores Going to department stores is a form of entertainment in Japan.
Department stores have a section just on gifts appropriate for gift giving.
Department stores have a wide range of goods including top-quality, expensive items.
Department stores have about as much sex appeal as yesterday's news.
Department stores lie.
Department stores make more money than specialty shops.
Department stores purchase foreign products through trading firms, particularly brand-name goods.
Department stores sell small inexpensive disposable tanks of helium with a filler attachment.
Department stores stay open all day.
All department stores accept credit cards, but restaurants less often.
All department stores have English-speaking salespeople and guidebooks.
Many department stores do free makeovers.
Many department stores do free make-overs.
Many department stores have high costs due to the services offered.
Many department stores offer free personal shopping services.
Many department stores sell canvas, rubber or vinyl shoes and belts.
Many department stores sell large storage bins and small children's wading pools.
Most department stores are well-lit and attractive, with air conditioning.
Most department stores carry at least some sports apparel.
Most department stores have a bridal registry service that is free of charge.
Most department stores sell goods under the store brand name as well as general merchandise.
Most department stores sell small rugs for a few dollars.
Most department stores stay open on Sundays and holidays.
Most department stores use a ticket system so plan on more time to shop.
Some department stores are closed on Wednesdays.
Some department stores have a food court.
Some department stores have a section dedicated to Japanese dolls that are worth a look.
Some department stores have whole sections of antibacterial stationery.
Some department stores sell American brands, but they are expensive.
Some department stores sell products cheaper than other stores .
Some department stores sell products cheaper than other stores.
A department is division
Department begins placing state highway maps on display at roadside picnic sites.
Department begins process of dismantling the welfare system.
Department chairs forward all requests to the financial aid committee for a final decision.
Department chairs forward files and recommendations to deans of colleges.
Department chairs forward files to chairs of departmental promotion committees.
Department classes balance scholarship and practical training.
Department conducts interviews and reference checks.
Department contacts To contact specific departments, please refer to our system directory .
Department corresponds with applicant.
Department corresponds with the vendor regarding return of the material.
Department designates fund source.
Department destroys, signs and a witness also signs.
Department encourages and supports international scholar exchange programs.
Department establishes and maintains applicant records for three years.
Department extends offer to candidate.
Department faxes or phones in order.
Department file back-up and server maintenance was provided.
Department file no.
Department fills in specific information first then gives it to the employee.
Department funds the cost for above the first quartile offers.
Department helps foster the future and well-being of children through education efforts.
Department informs all applicants of their status in the search.
Department initiates appropriate form.
Department initiates first research project.
Department isa organization.
Department lead admins.
Department links at top.
Department majors only.
Department notifies all unsuccessful candidates after the position has been filled.
Department picks up order or has vendor deliver the order directly to the user.
Department proposes to hire a new or replacement faculty member.
Department publishes first mass transit map.
Department reps to correct and return as necessary.
Department requirements Dance - general info.
Department reserves the right to reject any application without assigning any reason.
Department reserves the right to require the independent transcript interpretation.
Department retains pink copy of the form.
Department review prior to negotiation or renewal of exclusive contracts.
Department reviews and makes a recommendation to the dean.
Department reviews application and makes a determination.
Department reviews copy before going to print.
Department rules on railroad assessments.
Department sends letter of offer to employee.
Department shown is major department indicated on IADS file for each faculty member.
Department submits electronic appointment.
Department teaches creativity and thinking skills through hands-on activities.
Departments access the express voucher panel to initiate payments.
Departments add and delete courses every year.
Departments add staff here.
Departments add their staff here.
Departments address issues.
Departments admit different degrees of variation across faculty members.
Departments affected by the regulations have guidelines available.
Departments allows direct connection to each of the many departments and academic programs.
Departments also award honors and prizes at graduation time.
Departments also can reserve tables for the event.
Departments also control network access in lecture theatres .
Departments also have direct lines.
Departments also make their own collections available for the students.
Departments also offer academic prizes, honors, and awards to their graduating seniors.
Departments also offer discipline-specific programs.
Departments also offer undergraduate programs.
Departments also plan functions specifically for their majors as well as others.
Departments also sponsor faculty and study-abroad exchange programs.
Departments apply for accreditation.
Departments apply in advance of the student's visit.
Departments appoint officers.
Departments approve courses that apply to their respective major requirements.
Departments are able to deficit spend their allocations now.
Departments are able to extract expenditure against the material codes used.
Departments are able to track invoices and vouchers throughout the system.
Departments are accountable for adequate justification for advance payments.
Departments are accountable for all receipt books and each individual receipt that are issued.
Departments are accountable for the hours a student has worked.
Departments are accountable for the use to which they put the resources they are allocated.
Departments are also able to haul and set up the tables and chairs themselves, with no charge.
Departments are also responsible for notifying all eligible candidates once the vacancy is filled.
Departments are also responsible for preview costs.
Departments are also responsible for submitting timecards by the payroll deadline dates.
Departments are always welcome to attend and review tender openings.
Departments are back-charged for copying in excess of twenty copies.
Departments are cross-referenced.
Departments are divided into municipalities .
Departments are divided into municipalities.
Departments are division.
Departments are eligible for licensing prices.
Departments are free to choose which system they adopt, and are free to set up their own servers.
Departments are free to require higher scores.
Departments are generally responsible for their own in-building networks.
Departments are good advocates for their programs.
Departments are government-defined administrative regions which often cut across cultural borders.
Departments are in alphabetical order.
Departments are in bold type.
Departments are limited to a maximum of three applications for conference travel.
Departments are limited to one nomination per dissertation award.
Departments are little reductionist boxes.
Departments are more collaborative.
Departments are more efficient and effective.
Departments are more interdisciplinary, so knowledge crosses discipline boundaries much more today.
Departments are nonetheless free to recommend a particular course.
Departments are now directly responsible for all fuel purchases.
Departments are now in the process of digitizing their curricula.
Departments are now responsible for the organisation of lectures and practicals.
Departments are now to work on assessment summaries which list activities used for assessment.
Departments are of course at liberty to purchase approved test equipment using departmental funds.
Departments are often free to set their own deadlines, independent of the university.
Departments are one of the few entities eligible for corporate accounts .
Departments are only as strong as their staff and faculty.
Departments are optional.
Departments are part of institutions.
Departments are prepared for substitution inquiries and follow up appointments.
Departments are responsible for adding information like asset tag numbers and location.
Departments are responsible for adequate security and control of their petty cash funds.
Departments are responsible for adhering to the following guidelines when processing summer hires.
Departments are responsible for all blanket order claims or adjustments.
Departments are responsible for all charges billed to the authorization number.
Departments are responsible for all charges billed to the calling card.
Departments are responsible for all event planning.
Departments are responsible for all maintenance costs.
Departments are responsible for annual verification of equipment assigned to their area.
Departments are responsible for any difference between actual costs and the contract price.
Departments are responsible for any student manual costs, if applicable.
Departments are responsible for approving courses that count toward their majors.
Departments are responsible for assuring the integrity of their listing data.
Departments are responsible for backup and file integrity.
Departments are responsible for card security and charges resulting from use of cards.
Departments are responsible for changes to spaces under their control.
Departments are responsible for checking and verifying all supplies received.
Departments are responsible for checking their laboratory computers.
Departments are responsible for cleanup and relocation of affected departmental assets.
Departments are responsible for collecting badges upon termination.
Departments are responsible for compiling complementary information about the position itself.
Departments are responsible for conducting oral presentations in a manner that is fair.
Departments are responsible for copying critical files to an external media source.
Departments are responsible for determining the status of individuals.
Departments are responsible for determining which employees require cards.
Departments are responsible for developing a checksheet for each major they offer.
Departments are responsible for distributing mail within their unit.
Departments are responsible for ensuring proper segregation of duties for cash receipts.
Departments are responsible for ensuring that students return their keys.
Departments are responsible for ensuring that their equipment is properly prepared for removal.
Departments are responsible for ensuring their guests have parking permits.
Departments are responsible for establishing and maintaining their own dress code.
Departments are responsible for forwarding faculty or staff mail once they have left the department.
Departments are responsible for fuel purchases.
Departments are responsible for fueling the passenger vans fully after use.
Departments are responsible for furnishing materials.
Departments are responsible for furniture in their custody.
Departments are responsible for generating the e-mail lists as far in advance as possible.
Departments are responsible for implementing and maintaining their own hearing conservation program.
Departments are responsible for implementing and supervising the program.
Departments are responsible for implementing control measures as well as all associated costs.
Departments are responsible for inspecting and accepting goods or services purchased.
Departments are responsible for inspecting purchased goods immediately upon receipt.
Departments are responsible for instruction and for academic advising of their majors.
Departments are responsible for keeping building directories current.
Departments are responsible for keeping chemical inventory spreadsheets current.
Departments are responsible for keeping current their accounting manuals.
Departments are responsible for keeping track of their own budgest and rate of spending.
Departments are responsible for listing special fees for each class in the term schedule.
Departments are responsible for maintaining a check-out system for such keys.
Departments are responsible for maintaining information which applies to their area.
Departments are responsible for maintaining internal records of compensating time earned.
Departments are responsible for maintaining the correctness of the information in the system.
Departments are responsible for making necessary copies of the form.
Departments are responsible for managing their fund codes and keeping expenditures within budget.
Departments are responsible for managing their transactions in the suspense file.
Departments are responsible for materials and repair parts.
Departments are responsible for monitoring and recording transfer leave.
Departments are responsible for monitoring student earnings.
Departments are responsible for monitoring the leave balances of their employees.
Departments are responsible for monitoring their own policies.
Departments are responsible for monitoring vacation usage.
Departments are responsible for non-standard equipment purchases.
Departments are responsible for notifying students of canceled sections.
Departments are responsible for obtaining and paying for parking stickers for volunteers.
Departments are responsible for obtaining any required special authorization.
Departments are responsible for obtaining parking permits for participants.
Departments are responsible for orders placed by their employees.
Departments are responsible for packaging and arranging shipment with the vendor or shipper.
Departments are responsible for paying fuel costs.
Departments are responsible for placing the employee on Leave Without Pay when it becomes necessary.
Departments are responsible for preparing packages for shipment.
Departments are responsible for preparing the required number of copies for all levels of review.
Departments are responsible for proper preparation of all outgoing letters, flats, and parcels.
Departments are responsible for providing any network access essential for course work.
Departments are responsible for providing specific training.
Departments are responsible for purchasing and maintaining the appropriate supplies.
Departments are responsible for purchasing copies for staff use within the departments.
Departments are responsible for purchasing licenses for the software installed on their machines.
Departments are responsible for purchasing ongoing supplies and computer accessories.
Departments are responsible for purchasing PC's and printers required to access and use the systems.
Departments are responsible for recording and monitoring compensatory time.
Departments are responsible for rental fees.
Departments are responsible for resolving discrepancies.
Departments are responsible for restocking first aid kits.
Departments are responsible for retaining their own backup information and credit card slips.
Departments are responsible for scheduling service and repairs.
Departments are responsible for seeing that all graduating seniors participate in the testing.
Departments are responsible for setting enrollment limits and course prerequisites, if any.
Departments are responsible for setting up their own licenses.
Departments are responsible for sorting and banding letter-size mail by use of rubber bands.
Departments are responsible for supplying paper for the copier.
Departments are responsible for the actual administration of the instrument.
Departments are responsible for the applicable deductible.
Departments are responsible for the collection and deposit of reimbursement checks.
Departments are responsible for the contents of the courses offered.
Departments are responsible for the cost of equipment repairs outside of the warranty period.
Departments are responsible for the development of their own web pages.
Departments are responsible for the funding of the equipment.
Departments are responsible for the maintenance of the pagers they purchase.
Departments are responsible for the management of individual wage garnishments.
Departments are responsible for the repair and replacement of their individual systems.
Departments are responsible for the repair, replacement and conversion of their individual systems.
Departments are responsible for the replacement cost of lost moving boxes.
Departments are responsible for the separation of mail by account number.
Departments are responsible for their own display.
Departments are responsible for their own displays.
Departments are responsible for their own human resources activities.
Departments are responsible for their own pages.
Departments are responsible for tracking credits earned by individual faculty members.
Departments are responsible for tuition to courses that they require their staff to attend.
Departments are responsible for using correct account number with object codes .
Departments are responsible for verifying the deposit activity with their DBRs on a monthly basis.
Departments are responsible for verifying the employee's identity.
Departments are responsible to order supplies before their supply reaches critical levels.
Departments are searchable by alphabetical index.
Departments are sectors.
Departments are sensitive to the stu- dents' needs and are there to help answer questions.
Departments are similarly limited.
Departments are simply less effective because they have a lower profile.
Departments are solely responsible for the amount of the stipend supplement.
Departments are states.
Departments are the center of the old structure.
Departments are the locus of faculty appointment, rank, and tenure, and of space and budget control.
Departments are the principal point of contact in dealing with suppliers.
Departments are then responsible for their own finances.
Departments are to download any required data before the data is replaced.
Departments are to make a reading copy of the ordinance available.
Departments are to note each person s occupational unit seniority and university seniority.
Departments are to note each person's occupational unit seniority and university seniority.
Departments are to provide all assistance in recovering overpayments.
Departments are to report any make-up time on the payroll voucher and attach a memo of explanation.
Departments are to report the number of hours charged to funeral leave on the attendance report.
Departments are to retain said records for three years.
Departments are to review and keep the copy for their files.
Departments are to segregate cash receipting functions from cash disbursement functions.
Departments are to supply details of required products in the description field.
Departments are to supply details of required services in the description field.
Departments are ultimately responsible for advising their own majors.
Departments are ultimately responsible for the justification of the cost transfer.
Departments are welcome to inspect available equipment.
Departments are welcome to order copies at their expense.
Departments are welcome to register students as well.
Departments are, of course, free to impose higher minima.
Departments assess their resources, needs and develop a plan for resource allocation.
Departments assist students in the placement process for the internship program.
Departments assume responsibility.
Departments attain prestige from the accomplishments of their members.
Departments authorize employee use on both office and home computers.
Departments automatically have a facility to access their own students.
Departments bare the responsibility to initiate and maintain their maintenance contracts.
Departments become little fiefdoms at war with one another.
Departments begin assessing departmental needs, priorities, and strategies.
Departments begin deployment of assessment plans in the majors.
Departments begin entering their own requisitions and approvals, and inquiries are made online.
Departments begin preparation of their budgets.
Departments begin proofing and making changes to electronic files.
Departments begin provide services.
Departments begin services.
Departments begin to develop department priorities.
Departments begin to develop departmental budgets.
Departments benefit by becoming familiar with basic knowledge of the adaptive technology.
Departments benefit from decreased health care costs and better officer fitness.
Departments benefit from decreased health care costs.
Departments benefit from fresh outlooks and ideas.
Departments book directly through local preferred travel agencies.
Departments buy their own CD sets.
Departments call in to the server retrieve or send messages.
Departments can access also.
Departments can adjust fees, subject to administrative review and approval.
Departments can also call and place their order using a speed purchase order.
Departments can also call, and request HR to look at the status of particular positions.
Departments can also establish special-purpose entities for services such as phones in a laboratory.
Departments can also handle better the scheduling problems of adjuncts and graduate students.
Departments can also order account cards.
Departments can also request reservations for daily parking for visitors at a reduced rate.
Departments can also review monthly confirmation after the payroll is finaled.
Departments can also submit proposals at their own initiative.
Departments can also use any number of informal strategies to recognize and reward the work of TAs.
Departments can arrange for a facilitated discussion of topics of general interest to their members.
Departments can arrange for immediate pick up, if necessary.
Departments can arrange to have a table, if so desired.
Departments can best weigh costs against benefits for their constituencies.
Departments can buy as many CDs as needed.
Departments can call and have a security check done free of charge.
Departments can change the amount that is cost shared per month.
Departments can change the person to whom payroll reports are directed.
Departments can choose management systems appropriate to needs and available resources.
Departments can choose to receive.
Departments can choose to set lower limits.
Departments can choose whether to use a career advancement pool for an opening.
Departments can combine to reach the required minimum.
Departments can compete with other departments.
Departments can confirm successful submission by checking the on-line calendar for their listings.
Departments can contact the personnel office when there is an opening.
Departments can cross-research their work with others.
Departments can design the questionnaire to suit their local environment.
Departments can determine their preference and implement as an internal procedure.
Departments can develop cynical, negative cultures that are downright toxic.
Departments can do telephone bids.
Departments can enter as many four-person teams as they wish.
Departments can even print the department contact name under the signature line.
Departments can form action plans based on their discussions.
Departments can get in the system to read the latest promotional information from suppliers.
Departments can get most commonly used office supplies quickly and at quantity rates.
Departments can handle any differences via journal entries.
Departments can have separate strategies toward achieving the one goal.
Departments can hire anyone they want to for extra help.
Departments can identify the part they play in support of the mission.
Departments can improve their priority ranking by offering to share expenses for such projects.
Departments can link to external sites that advance the work of the college and department.
Departments can look at individual applications and letters of recommendation.
Departments can make changes to quantities and items specified as needed.
Departments can make copies as needed.
Departments can no longer pick-up warrants.
Departments can nominate up to two students.
Departments can obtain bulk supplies of cards for issue to staff.
Departments can of course take steps to protect the spaces allocated only for their use.
Departments can only make such changes to items on their department inventory list.
Departments can pay the costs of a provider where appropriate.
Departments can penalize companies deliberately dragging their feet on claims.
Departments can pick up orders on any work day.
Departments can pick up their materials during regular business hours.
Departments can print a paper copy directly from the online version of the Handbook.
Departments can produce contact sheets or full size prints as needed.
Departments can purchase all-risk insurance for some or all of their contents.
Departments can reinstate if they are able to teach in three years.
Departments can request a sound system for any event.
Departments can request alternative property inventory schedules by room and sub-areas.
Departments can request asset inventory reports to make updates or use the standard forms.
Departments can request to have class or research related software loaded onto the network.
Departments can reserve seats in a class or in a section for specific groups of students.
Departments can review all activity for budget accounts they have control over.
Departments can save money by taking steps to qualify for automated mailing rates.
Departments can save more by purchasing discounted volume licenses.
Departments can set salaries between the minimum and first quartile without prior approval.
Departments can share techniques and information far more easily than in years past.
Departments can sometimes save money through consolidating their bills into one account.
Departments can submit charges to CARS either electronically or through manual data entry.
Departments can submit notices to their student employees.
Departments can take advantage of the non-profit rate due to our educational classification.
Departments can then access the status of their req on their own PC's.
Departments can then decide whether to cancel the order or hold and order the next model year.
Departments can then help their teachers to improve.
Departments can use a recharge card to place an order for postage stamps by mail or in person.
Departments can use department funds to pay for memorial events.
Departments can use existing org codes or set up new ones if necessary.
Departments can use new or existing technology to routinely release electronic records.
Departments can use petty cash funds to reimburse individuals for such purchases.
Departments can use the scheme to register critical server names.
Departments can use their own preferred format, so long as the required information is present.
Departments can utilize students to help run their areas of responsibility.
Departments can verify whether they offer a combined degree program and can provide a description.
Departments can work towards explicitly identifying issues of common interest among members.
Departments carry out education as well as research within one or several related issues.
Departments choose an alumni awardee.
Departments choose the content on their departmental page, but there is a common theme.
Departments claim ownership of certain classrooms, leading to even lower utilization.
Departments click here for access.
Departments Click on a department name for more information about their program.
Departments Click on a link, listed below, to access specific departmental information .
Departments Click on name to send mail.
Departments Click on the arrow to visit the department's page.
Departments Click to send in a link.
Departments collecting sales tax are responsible for depositing the money with other sales deposits.
Departments come and go.
Departments come in contact with some of our employees directly or indirectly each day.
Departments complete the form and provide it to the person moving or removing property.
Departments complete their screening and select the candidates to be interviewed.
Departments comply with internal and external policies, regulations, and procedures.
Departments conduct examinations.
Departments conduct research on site.
Departments conduct searches in total disregard of institutional disadvantages suffered by adjuncts.
Departments conduct self-studies.
Departments conduct tests.
Departments conduct their own applicant interview process.
Departments confirm leaders.
Departments consider problems.
Departments consider the aggregate demand for courses when preparing the schedules.
Departments control if and what data is entered.
Departments control projects - each with a name, number, location.
Departments coordinate activities.
Departments count on the services of their assistants for the entire academic year.
Departments cover services.
Departments create positions to fulfill essential functions.
Departments create steps for implementing recommendations.
Departments currently produce material in a variety of different formats.
Departments currently receive a postage discount of two cents per piece.
Departments decide if students can continue in the major if they fail to meet that requirement.
Departments define how co-op credit is applied to specific programs.
Departments -Departments in the District with web pages.
Departments designate certain upper division offerings as writing courses.
Departments designate such courses.
Departments designate their own cashiers.
Departments designate whether credit is given toward major, minor, or elective.
Departments designate whether credit is given toward the major, minor or elective.
Departments determine minimum test levels.
Departments determine security.
Departments determine the applicability of any course or grade to a particular degree program.
Departments determine the method of examination in their specific programs.
Departments determine whether to administer such examinations.
Departments determine which applicants to interview and hire.
Departments develop a screening process to review and evaluate the applicant's qualifications.
Departments develop and implement the evaluation process.
Departments develop specific ways to ensure the human rights of women and girls.
Departments differ as to where they are in the process.
Departments differ in allowing others to attend.
Departments differ in specialties, availability of direct support, tone, style and environment.
Departments differ in the emphasis given to areas being assessed.
Departments differ in the number of copies and type of binding required.
Departments differ in their unit requirements for programs of study.
Departments differ quite widely in range of work and style.
Departments distribute to appropriate faculty member.
Departments do consider student input when building their schedules.
Departments doing their own work can increase problems.
Departments emails Direct questions to appropriate departments.
Departments employ a variety of techniques to evaluate the effectiveness of instructional programs.
Departments employ LSPs.
Departments employ officers.
Departments encourage employees to participate in available educational opportunities.
Departments enforce the Trades Descriptions Act and other consumer legislation.
Departments engage in self-study of assessment plans and outcomes.
Departments entering on-line requisitions can reference the clause list for header text entry.
Departments establish boundaries.
Departments establish seasons, set limits and enforce regulations.
Departments establish their own routing sequence.
Departments evaluate the data from the point of view of human rights with a gender perspective.
Departments feel like they are better than that.
Departments finalize service goals and allocations.
Departments focus on tasks.
Departments follow their own procedures for evaluating and forwarding candidates.
Departments formulate a training strategy.
Departments furnish their own bags for other containers.
Departments generally develop mission statements, goals, and objectives.
Departments generally have methods for providing confidential counseling of housestaff.
Departments generally request more funds than are available.
Departments generally require a number of courses beyond the minimum.
Departments generate floppies from disk images stored on the server.
Departments get first priority.
Departments Get in touch with city departments.
Departments give notice.
Departments give revised and expanded plans to deans.
Departments grant advanced placement and exemption with credits.
Departments handle incidents with existing or in-place assistance.
Departments handle off-campus assignments from existing budgets.
Departments have a chairman who is also a professor.
Departments have a dept name, dept number, and a main office.
Departments have a great deal of autonomy in creating their own timetables.
Departments have a responsibility to promote such development.
Departments have access to printing copies of applications.
Departments have an option of recording non-GAAP fixed assets in the Fixed Asset Subsystem.
Departments have an option regarding the shipment of goods purchased under delegated authority.
Departments have autonomous authority over administrative decisions.
Departments have copies of and are using the Certified Records Retention Schedule.
Departments have different approaches for deciding whether to invite a visiting foreign scholar.
Departments have different expectations of their teaching assistants.
Departments have different needs for their safety programs depending on the focus of the unit.
Departments have direct access to the data with their own terminals.
Departments have discretion to offer a salary anywhere within the pay range for the position.
Departments have employees.
Departments have expertise.
Departments have first priority.
Departments have interest.
Departments have legal responsibility.
Departments have limited budgets to work with.
Departments have limited funding to hire students without awards.
Departments have lists of their faculty and research interests.
Departments have little or no control over the inherent risk associated with their operations.
Departments have maps.
Departments have money in their foundation accounts.
Departments have more choices than ever when it comes to which delivery device to use.
Departments have numbers, operations have numbers, people have numbers.
Departments have opportunity.
Departments have policy.
Departments have responsibility.
Departments have separate pages for individual subjects.
Departments have several options for financing equipment.
Departments have shortage of equipment, library facilities and room and lab spaces.
Departments have suggestions.
Departments have the ability to save seats in a course for a specific group of students.
Departments have the discretion to determine the amount of the individual's merit increase.
Departments have the option of offering admission to courses by application or interview.
Departments have the option of paying the connection fee to the campus provider or contractor.
Departments have the option of setting the price of their item to be offered for sale.
Departments have the option to allow waitlisting for their sections.
Departments have the option to require bidders to complete as part of their response.
Departments have the option, for reporting purposes, to issue SMUFs by division.
Departments have the responsibility to replace such items.
Departments have the right to refuse any exceptions as a matter of policy.
Departments have their freedom and the centre knows what they are doing.
Departments have their own clubs and organizations.
Departments have their own internal procedures for reporting absences or tardiness.
Departments have their own modern specialist facilities, subject libraries and private study areas.
Departments have their own training programs designed specifically for that department's needs.
Departments have thirty days to request an adjustment to their bill.
Departments have to buy-in.
Departments have to make the commitment since they have the resources.
Departments have up to one full month beyond the closing date to reach a hiring recommendation.
Departments highlight places to go, things to do, and where to eat.
Departments hire faculty.
Departments hosting research employing lasers have a copy.
Departments include chemistry.
Departments include members.
Departments initiate program changes to promote continuous improvement of student learning.
Departments insist that students adhere to the prerequisites for distance education courses.
Departments issue statements.
Departments know their own needs best, and the needs vary considerably.
Departments know their remaining budget for labs and staff.
Departments lack sufficient scholarships and fellowships to compete for the most talented students.
Departments listed in bold indicates major lab facilities.
Departments lists all of the departments on one page.
Departments lists the departments and the services they offer.
Departments maintain control.
Departments make admissions decisions independent of any university-wide perspective.
Departments make arrangements.
Departments make assessments.
Departments make final changes on greenbar sheets.
Departments make the determination for award nominations.
Departments make the hiring decisions.
Departments make their admissions decisions based on all of the above information.
Departments manage their own business relationships with vendors.
Departments meet regularly to discuss emerging issues in their practice.
Departments meet regularly.
Departments Meet some of our departments and their staff.
Departments Meet the people behind the books. . .
Departments nominate and rank applicants for AGEP fellowships.
Departments nominate and rank eligible applicants.
Departments nominate candidates based on scholarship, leadership, and service.
Departments nominate faculty for the award using selection criteria developed by the department.
Departments nominate students in the spring.
Departments normally screen applicants in the spring for fall appointments.
Departments normally screen applications in the spring for fall appointment.
Departments notify all applicants by letter when the hiring process is complete.
Departments notify incoming students about departmental and campus-wide new student orientations.
Departments notify the vendor directly for routine service.
Departments now have a cost effective way to add employees pictures to publications and memos.
Departments now have the responsibilityfor paying for software on faculty and staff computers.
Departments now require applicants to submit preapplication forms for an initial screening.
Departments nurture their own experts.
Departments occasionally require additional materials such as a supplemental application.
Departments offer and assign assistantships as part of the awarding of the financial aid package.
Departments offer benefits.
Departments offer courses in research methodology and practice.
Departments offer death benefits.
Departments offer different services and work hours vary.
Departments offer examinations for credit at least once each semester.
Departments offer opportunity.
Departments offer options.
Departments offer ship options.
Departments operate directly on contracts so arranged.
Departments order academic dress for faculty presenters.
Departments order only the goods or services actually required.
Departments order unauthorized items under open POs.
Departments pay a flat tax based on their number of stations and number of users.
Departments pay for employee tuition waivers as a small percentage of the staff benefit rate.
Departments pay for off-campus printing jobs and media buys.
Departments pay for repairs to their own equipment and any new work.
Departments pay their employees salaries that are within published pay scales.
Departments perform examinations.
Departments perform their own binding tasks.
Departments periodically review their curriculum for technical currency.
Departments prefer to hire students who have at least a three-hour block of time available.
Departments prepare statements.
Departments prepare the entries to clear the lockout suspense account.
Departments produce information showing how to set out references.
Departments proliferate and isolation is often hard to recognize and harder to overcome.
Departments provide backroom support services.
Departments provide funds for fuel and driver's expenses for long trips.
Departments providing a budget and fund number can be direct billed.
Departments purchase the appropriate respirator and supplies.
Departments putter along with a fiscal mentality that can only be described as cavalier.
Departments range from guitar to synths to keyboards to drums.
Departments range from psychology to surgery.
Departments receive a credit to their account when the check clears the bank.
Departments receive a fifteen percent discount on film processing.
Departments receive a loan, which they repay as revenues or savings accrue.
Departments receive a ten percent discount on all purchases.
Departments receive application packets several weeks in advance of the deadline.
Departments receive assistance in identifying the essential functions of the employee's position.
Departments receive calls.
Departments receive copies of the agreement and are encouraged to read each agreement carefully.
Departments receive feedback on plans for assessing majors.
Departments receive information.
Departments receive the applications the day after closing.
Departments receive written notification of the charges following the use of vehicles.
Departments recognize necessity.
Departments recommend approval.
Departments recruit their own chairs with two names being submitted to a dean who chooses.
Departments refer to the list when hiring new employees.
Departments regularly use interdepartmental requisitions to redistribute costs.
Departments regulate faculty responsibilities concerning office hours.
Departments rely heavily on information created, processed and stored on computers.
Departments remain the clinics of last resort for the uninsured.
Departments report no unusual appropriation issues.
Departments report results.
Departments report that the administrative and secretarial staffs are dependent on technology.
Departments report to cabinet-level units of government known as executive offices or secretariats.
Departments represented by a single letter or up to four letters file alphabetically.
Departments requesting advertising are responsible for the advertising costs.
Departments require degrees.
Departments require education.
Departments require operations.
Departments reserve the right to consider all applications before making final hiring decisions.
Departments reserve the right to establish degree requirements for all students in their programs.
Departments reserve the right to verify test results and to make supplemental assignments.
Departments respond to incidents.
Departments retain all other planning and evaluation documents.
Departments retain control of work arrangements.
Departments retain people who maintain the narcissism of what the field is.
Departments retain the ability to have unique limits applied to each cardholder.
Departments retain the right to revise the policy.
Departments return recommendations.
Departments routinely use off-campus facilities for special events, classes and seminars.
Departments See what's happening in other areas of our school.
Departments seem to be at differing points with implementation of PC equipment.
Departments seem to be disorganized.
Departments Select a department from the left frame.
Departments select and notify nominees of awards.
Departments select nominees for fellowships from prospective applicants.
Departments send applicant copies of records to which no exceptions apply.
Departments send the images in a variety of formats.
Departments share in the responsibility for timely and accurate payments to vendors.
Departments spend an inordinate amount of time matching and sorting reports.
Departments sponsor discipline-related lecture series.
Departments square off against departments.
Departments still have the option of processing a Purchase Requisition.
Departments strive to cooperate, eliminate over-lapping courses and competing services.
Departments submit a file for each nominee.
Departments submit all existing information.
Departments submit budget development material upward through hierarchy.
Departments submit drafts of self-studies to line deans.
Departments submit their furniture requests using the online ordering system .
Departments suffer financial blows as well.
Departments supply personal protective equipment to staff members identified as needing protection.
Departments take part in excursions that build unity and collaboration.
Departments take several steps.
Departments take steps.
Departments take various approaches to theses created by their students.
Departments teach assistants.
Departments tend to be relatively small.
Departments then make additional arrangements eg.
Departments then nominate candidates for the fellowships.
Departments then prepare working budgets that are within the target amounts.
Departments therefore have no motivation to pay either to publish or to read.
Departments typically provide office space and keys for teaching assistants.
Departments understand the critical nature of computing to all aspects of research.
Departments undertake the task of preparing a working budget that is within the targeted amount.
Departments update their own pages.
Departments Uplink Almost History.
Departments use a variety of assessment tools to accommodate varied learning styles.
Departments use data differently.
Departments use science.
Departments use the existing inter-session to fill in course requirements and meet specific needs.
Departments use the same process to obtain a list of students by degree code and degree name.
Departments use the system for spatial analysis, as well as planning and decision support.
Departments use their own accounting systems to report to the state.
Departments use their own set of criteria to determine which students get enrolled.
Departments use varying degrees of pressure on their staff to achieve higher return ratios.
Departments utilize checklists to assist with annual competencies.
Departments vary greatly regarding opportunities, eligibility, and requirements.
Departments vary in the extensiveness of their current teaching evaluation activities.
Departments vary in the nature of the advice that they can give.
Departments vary in the number and type of investigations carried out.
Departments vary in their requirements for the qualifying exam.
Departments vary in their service expectations.
Departments vary in their willingness to consider late applications.
Departments vary somewhat in their criteria.
Departments work better in cohesion, and communication is key.
Departments work in isolation.
Departments often create several PPERs for the same person, some of which are unnecessary.
Departments often encourage students to write an honors thesis in the major during the senior year.
Departments often find it useful to do longitudinal studies of assessment projects.
Departments often have a difficult time filling staffing needs.
Departments often have information about research opportunities with faculty members.
Departments often install software that they already own on newly acquired computers.
Departments often present gifts of appreciation and recognition to employees or volunteers.
Departments often request Braille copies of official documents.
Departments often request volunteer help in typing, filing or answering phones.
Departments usually act as advocates, trying hard to send up unanimous votes.
Departments usually assess an examination or evaluation fee.
Departments usually have a focus or areas of concentration.
Departments usually have someone assigned to help out their faculty.
Departments usually make their awards in the spring, and notify the selected recipients.
Departments usually report to secretariats.
All departments accept computerized applications.
All departments aim to incorporate IT fully in their subject teaching.
All departments also offer graduate programs.
All departments are keen to get their hands on it.
All departments are responsible for equipment issued for their use.
All departments are responsible for managing their own procurement records.
All departments are responsible for processing their own orders.
All departments are responsible for the equipment issued for their use.
All departments are responsible for their own shredding.
All departments are to work together.
All departments are updated several times a month, some once a week, so please visit often.
All departments are welcome and encouraged to list their workshops here.
All departments are welcome to submit proposals.
All departments are welcome.
All departments are willing to consider applications for deferred entry.
All departments become equal partners in the quest for success.
All departments can get a departmental account.
All departments can now negotiate travel on their own and find the best rate wherever they can.
All departments carry out research and offer degree courses.
All departments create health and safety risks of varying magnitudes.
All departments emphasize application of the principles of comprehensive care.
All departments encourage students to maintain regular contact with their personal tutors.
All departments enroll international students.
All departments expect a certain level of computer skills.
All departments gather data on the maintenance of services and new pro-jects for expanding services.
All departments have a form of experiential learning.
All departments have an electronic mail address where such queries can be directed.
All departments have at least two representatives.
All departments have attendance requirements.
All departments have direct telephone numbers.
All departments have links to their faculty research interests.
All departments have majors and many have minors and unique concentrations.
All departments have ongoing activities that are accessible to people with disabilities.
All departments have opportunities for honors, advanced placement work, and directed studies.
All departments have programmes in place to combat fraud, as a normal activity.
All departments have strong links with industry.
All departments have the ability to access the data.
All departments have their own computer labs that students can access.
All departments have their proper holiday as well.
All departments have two routes to take when requesting addition faculty members.
All departments have two student worker budget lines.
All departments have undergraduate programmes and facilities for postgraduate studies .
All departments have widespread contacts with industry.
All departments have workload guidelines.
All departments listed can provide information and advice.
All departments now have the ability to process their own zero adjustments.
All departments now offer bachelors, masters and doctors degrees in their disciplines.
All departments offe r master s-level programs.
All departments offer a study counseling service throughout the semester.
All departments offer advanced study for graduate students.
All departments offer baccalaureate and master's degrees.
All departments offer employment for student assistants.
All departments offer excellent opportunities for the different types of research degrees.
All departments offer excellent postgraduate research opportunities .
All departments offer four year programs leading to the Bachelor of Science degree.
All departments offer graduate courses.
All departments offer one or more major courses of study.
All departments offer positions for visiting faculty based on renewable yearly contracts.
All departments offer senior-level independent study courses.
All departments offer summer and winter advising hours for transfers with advising questions.
All departments offer undergraduate as well as postgraduate programs through to the doctorate.
All departments offering graduate study have information available about requirements and courses.
All departments offering graduate work have graduate teaching or research assistantships available.
All departments participate.
All departments produce free brochures listing their courses.
All departments provide honors offerings for students whose skill warrent an accelerated pace.
All departments receive one depart-mental permit at no cost.
All departments receive quarterly letters.
All departments report that business is proceeding without interruption.
All departments require a dissertation in partial fulfillment of the doctoral degree.
All departments require an honors thesis.
All departments require computer literacy to complete the academic program.
All departments require course evaluations to be conducted at the end of the semester.
All departments require specific uniforms and the top portion of the uniform is provided.
All departments require that seniors complete a significant writing assignment.
All departments reserve the right to assign or revoke privileges.
All departments routinely bring classes to the computer room for special projects.
All departments schedule their own defenses during the summer.
All departments see unselected patients from newborns to the aged.
All departments seem to want it, but none want to be first.
All departments share tissue information and collaborate with one another.
All departments stress Writing Across the Curriculum .
All Departments Sunrise at a traditional farmhouse in southwestern Iowa.
All departments together labor diligently to boost living expenses and lower levels of living.
All departments undergo such reviews every seven years.
All departments use a standard application and health certification form.
All departments use the talents of their best students in their research efforts.
All departments use volunteer firefighters.
All departments work from the same database.
All departments work together to coordinate a service and prepare for an emergency or disaster.
All departments work together to exceed customer expectations and to produce quality circuits.
Any department can access all of the data, all of the time.
Any department can participate in the auction.
Every department accepts foreign students.
Every department also has a responsible from the exchanges, their listing is available from here .
Every department can boast of unique exhibits of high artistic value.
Every department decides which classes, if any, can be challenged.
Every department deserves to have working equipment that is up to date and up to standard.
Every department experiences a certain amount of turnover.
Every department has a different use for the funds.
Every department has a five-year schedule of program evaluation.
Every department has a library liaison to coordinate book requests.
Every department has a new executive director.
Every department has a preference of who to call into the scene first.
Every department has a records management program in place.
Every department has a set of course requirements.
Every department has a study counsellor for information on courses and educational programmes.
Every department has a unique box number.
Every department has bachelors, masters, and doctoral programs.
Every department has budgets and financial reports.
Every department has computer laboratory and seminar library.
Every department has computers for teacher use.
Every department has some sort of departmental regulations.
Every department has to have a different location.
Every department has unmet needs, from basic computer skills to advanced users.
Every department influences the work of all the others.
Every department is challenged to be creative.
Every department is charged with heavy responsibilities.
Every department is encouraged to send at least one representative to a class.
Every department is entitled to one representative and one alternate member.
Every department is entitled to one voting representative and one alternate member.
Every department is equipped with the latest computer technology.
Every department is necessary as are the staff that make it successful.
Every department is required to spend at least one minimum day per year on tech training.
Every department is responsible for developing and maintaining a department safety program.
Every department is supposed to have ladder or service company apparatus.
Every department is to have a contact person designated.
Every department makes advanced placement courses available to juniors and seniors.
Every department needs to have good internal business planning.
Every department needs to.
Every department now has an approved charter.
Every department now has one director responsible for the same activities on two campuses.
Every department now offers SI courses.
Every department offers opportunities for internships and independent study.
Every department receives a copy of the larger publications.
Many departments actively promote extracurricular interactions among faculty and students.
Many departments add staff for holiday cruises, and peak sailings through winter and spring.
Many departments adhere to strict safety regulations where high speed pursuits apply.
Many departments admit students only for the fall semester.
Many departments allow graduate students the option of following a thesis or a non-thesis program.
Many departments already enjoy the benefits of a significant number of faculty of Asian descent.
Many departments already have text in word processor documents, or in brochures and pamphlets.
Many departments also accept electronic applications.
Many departments also conduct prescribed burns for landowners for a reasonable fee.
Many departments also have a department copy available for consultation.
Many departments also have computer labs for classes, research, and general use.
Many departments also have computers for their own students.
Many departments also have faculty advisors.
Many departments also have graduate student organizations.
Many departments also have homepages and others are currently in development.
Many departments also have lists of their current postgraduate students.
Many departments also have plans that cross grade levels.
Many departments also have research-methods courses for students in thesis or dissertation programs.
Many departments also have small computer labs open for their students' use.
Many departments also have their own labs for student use.
Many departments also have workgroup directories set up for special projects.
Many departments also hold orientation activities.
Many departments also maintain their own small libraries.
Many departments also maintain their own smaller tutoring operations.
Many departments also misinterpret z-scores.
Many departments also offer credit for summer reading and research, either on or off campus.
Many departments also offer formal minors.
Many departments also offer special courses and workshops.
Many departments also offer summer courses.
Many departments also operate laboratories with software that is more focused on the various majors.
Many departments also operate shared research equipment facilities.
Many departments also post announcements from outside resources.
Many departments also post important news online.
Many departments also post instructor information on the departmental bulletin board.
Many departments also provide special studies options.
Many departments also provide their own e-mail services.
Many departments also schedule a walking tour of campus.
Many departments also sponsor workshops and conferences during the summer session.
Many departments appreciate direct student contact if a course is closed.
Many departments are engaged in hiring and coordination is required.
Many departments are world renowned for their scientific, engineering and medical research output.
Many departments arrange group opportunities for students to present their ideas.
Many departments ask their TAs to teach using only the text and their imagination.
Many departments assign a pro-tem advisor to students at the beginning of the program.
Many departments authorize specific individuals to oversee web content in their areas.
Many departments award small fellowships.
Many departments can be the vehicle for teaching genocide in universities.
Many departments charge lab fees.
Many departments contain distinct areas of concentration within a broad discipline.
Many departments continue to develop retention plans and programs.
Many departments coordinate ceremonies, dinners, or luncheons as forums for presenting awards.
Many departments cover photocopy costs for students.
Many departments currently acquire dedicated, high performance servers and workstations.
Many departments designate additional specific guidelines.
Many departments designate the business manager.
Many departments do additional hiring throughout the summer.
Many departments employ dogs which specialize in scent work such as tracking.
Many departments encourage interdisciplinary or area studies.
Many departments encourage their graduate students to join professional societies and associations .
Many departments even require it.
Many departments expect a large number to retire within the next few years.
Many departments fabricate items which have no commercial counterpart.
Many departments have a higher minimum for the last semester.
Many departments have access to a medical illustrator.
Many departments have additional forms or information for their graduate programs.
Many departments have additional requirements.
Many departments have advisory boards or sponsors for activities or projects.
Many Departments have an annual inspection program.
Many departments have an established faculty advising system to assist their students.
Many departments have and been swamped by interested citizens.
Many departments have books on graduate training in their discipline.
Many departments have close-knit seminars for their upperclass majors.
Many departments have computers with CD players available for students to use.
Many departments have deadlines for fall admissions in early spring.
Many departments have email addresses as well.
Many departments have faculty information pages within the department.
Many departments have foreign language requirements for the Ph.D. degree.
Many departments have grade books available.
Many departments have higher minimums.
Many departments have higher requirements for admission.
Many departments have industrial advisory boards.
Many departments have informative web sites, and most are looking for recruits.
Many departments have in-service training programs to help their employees qualify for better jobs.
Many departments have joint program advisers.
Many departments have joint program advisors.
Many departments have MSDS information in three ring binders in each work area.
Many departments have no program due to lack of discretionary funds or support of administration.
Many departments have noncredit seminars that undergraduate students can attend.
Many departments have personal web servers, as well as personal guidelines for web page creation.
Many departments have printers on the network that can then be shared by departmental members.
Many departments have programs to help students better understand the course material.
Many departments have raffles, fish fries, and different types of fund raising projects.
Many departments have resources available online.
Many departments have services that provide assistance in fiscal and other administrative matters.
Many departments have several IT professionals managing their IT functions.
Many departments have shorter time limits than the university's.
Many departments have specialized computer labs available for student use.
Many departments have specialized rigs to the point that they are all single-purpose apparatus.
Many departments have specific advising sheets for each major.
Many departments have specific course numbers for team-taught courses.
Many departments have strict application deadlines.
Many departments have student workers who have unintentionally infected the office computers.
Many departments have the ability to enter information into their computer systems.
Many departments have their own applications which they also require.
Many departments have their own cluster rooms for use by their students.
Many departments have their own home page.
Many departments have their own lab facilities.
Many departments have their own library as well.
Many departments have their own mail domain and create additional email accounts for their students.
Many departments have their own most recent information on courses in English on the Internet.
Many departments have their own scholarships and scholarship committees.
Many departments have their own social workers and support systems to offer.
Many departments have their own such equipment.
Many departments have their own wait-lists.
Many departments have visiting lecturers from abroad.
Many departments have yet to participate in the courses.
Many departments help formulate clinical trial designs.
Many departments hire students to develop and maintain their websites.
Many departments hire summer help doing research and other projects.
Many departments keep a schedule of student tutors to help others who are having a difficult time.
Many departments keep listings of internship opportunities.
Many departments keep lists of fellowships.
Many departments keep records of deferred grades, as well as written evaluations by instructors.
Many departments keep syllabi on file.
Many departments lack resources.
Many departments lack strategies for recruiting women.
Many departments like to give microteachers a specific assignment to prepare in advance.
Many departments link significant course work to the Portfolios of their majors.
Many departments maintain their own libraries of journals, books, and reference materials.
Many departments make accounts available to faculty and students for teaching purposes.
Many departments now advertise appointments in the press.
Many departments now have dozens.
Many departments now provide a link to Internet-based course resources on their home page.
Many departments offer a tuition reimbursement program as well.
Many departments offer additional hours by appointment.
Many departments offer an honors major.
Many departments offer annual increases if the student performs well.
Many departments offer awards to students based upon their major course of study.
Many departments offer community outreach and service programs as part of their curriculum.
Many departments offer co-taught courses for students with special needs.
Many departments offer course credit only upon successful completion of a more advanced course.
Many departments offer fellowship assistance through restricted funds.
Many Departments offer funded Studentships to highly-qualified applicants.
Many departments offer good study aids and materials online.
Many departments offer graduate classes in support of programs housed in other departments.
Many departments offer honors sections of introductory courses.
Many departments offer honors seminars that are only open to majors who are honors students.
Many departments offer independent study in that discipline.
Many departments offer internship experiences with credit and, in some instances, with remuneration.
Many departments offer intership excperiences with credit and, in some instances, with renumeration.
Many departments offer lively and varied programs of activities.
Many departments offer minors and options.
Many departments offer minors or certificates.
Many departments offer only one or the other of the two baccalaureate degrees.
Many departments offer payroll deduction for dues payment.
Many departments offer retirement benefits, although benefits vary.
Many departments offer several programs.
Many departments offer specialized orientations for graduate students and for teaching assistants.
Many departments offer teaching assistantships to qualified, enrolled graduate students.
Many departments offer topics courses.
Many departments offer training sessions to the public.
Many departments offer tutoring services.
Many departments offer undergraduate seminars and independent studies for qualified students.
Many departments offer writing emphasis courses.
Many departments offering master s degrees have funds for graduate assistantships.
Many departments only have one computer.
Many departments operate a system called 'triage' which prioritises the most urgent cases.
Many departments operate flexitime.
Many departments participating in the program have no language requirement.
Many departments provide anonymous testing.
Many departments provide computing services for their students, staff and faculty.
Many departments provide opportunity for community internships.
Many departments provide photocopy or ditto machines for TAs' use.
Many departments provide their faculty, staff and students with access to printer services.
Many departments provide their own support staff as their individual budgets allow.
Many departments publish a page of courses with Internet resources.
Many departments publish their own course listings.
Many departments publish their own handbooks.
Many departments publish their program objectives on the department Web sites.
Many departments purchase departmental subscriptions for their faculty and graduate students.
Many departments purchase microcomputer hardware and software for their own purposes.
Many departments raise private funds to purchase bicycles or use assets seized in drug cases.
Many departments receive information in the form of reports on both a standard and ad-hoc basis.
Many departments request help in conducting periodic self-studies required by their institution.
Many departments require a bound copy of the manuscript.
Many departments require a higher score.
Many departments require additional information with the application or before.
Many departments require college coursework or degrees in addition to civil service requirements.
Many departments require documentation in addition to transcripts and test scores.
Many departments require higher scores.
Many departments require recommendations.
Many departments require students to engage in service in the neighboring communities.
Many departments require their students to be advised before registering for classes.
Many departments require transcripts of all previous academic study at the time of application.
Many departments run their own orientation programs as well.
Many departments seem to overlap and seem to have unclear missions.
Many departments simply reissue accounts by fiscal year.
Many departments slow down somewhat during the summer.
Many departments sponsor their own thesis development courses as well.
Many departments start by surveying public opinion.
Many departments still have the potential for increasing their savings on the plan.
Many departments take on a mentoring role and make the extra effort to train their participants.
Many departments train fire fighters in emergency medicine.
Many departments typically seek to enhance areas in which they already have significant strength.
Many departments undergraduate research courses.
Many departments use a tutorial method for fourth year students.
Many departments use a written exam as a major component of the graduate degree requirements.
Many departments use computers for writing reports and accessing wanted and warrant information.
Many departments use minicomputers for specialized applications and classroom work.
Many Departments use single-officer patrol cars, especially in the suburbs.
Many departments work to ensure a comprehensive, responsive professional development effort.
Many departments work together in order to have a reasonable aggregate plan.
Most departments allocate their funding at the time they make their admission decisions.
Most departments also have a member of staff with special responsibility for mature students.
Most departments also have more detailed information on specific areas.
Most departments also have PCs and software available for use by their graduate students.
Most departments also have their own computer labs.
Most departments also have undergraduate and graduate studies committees.
Most departments also have Web pages with varying amounts of information.
Most departments also have Web sites with lots of information.
Most departments also offer an independent study course for interested students.
Most departments also offer individualized electives, customized to individuals interests.
Most departments also offer programs of advanced study leading to Masters and Ph.D. degrees.
Most Departments also retain a copy and refer to it when questions arise.
Most departments also run an innovative compressed work-week program during summer.
Most departments appoint officers.
Most departments are eager to hire promising researchers, regardless of teaching skills.
Most departments are in the planning phase of recruitment and are developing recruitment strategies.
Most departments are on the second floor of the building.
Most departments arrange work hours around the students' academic schedules.
Most departments assign mailboxes for all departmental faculty and instructors.
Most departments assume responsibility.
Most departments author their own web pages, making for a large group of developers on site.
Most departments begin provide services.
Most departments begin services.
Most departments conduct examinations.
Most departments conduct peer evaluations of part-time instructor performance.
Most departments conduct tests.
Most departments confirm leaders.
Most departments consider problems.
Most departments coordinate activities.
Most departments cover services.
Most departments demand more published research either articles or books, or both.
Most departments designate a faculty member to act as library coordinator.
Most departments determine security.
Most departments distribute the packets to the student mail slots located in the department offices.
Most departments do have an assessment mechanism.
Most departments do provide light duty assignments.
Most departments elect to advertise more frequently.
Most departments employ a combination of assessment activities.
Most departments employ officers.
Most Departments employ PhD students as tutors for undergraduate practical classes.
Most departments establish boundaries.
Most departments expect much higher scores.
Most departments focus on tasks.
Most departments give notice.
Most departments have a booklet setting out the undergraduate course content in some detail.
Most departments have a consumer affairs division that can offer help.
Most departments have a general training program for their teaching assistants.
Most departments have a higher unit requirement.
Most departments have a process that they follow when hiring new officers.
Most departments have a public bulletin board where job openings are also posted.
Most departments have a webmaster.
Most departments have access from somewhere in the department for house staff use.
Most departments have at least one networked laser printer for their employees to use.
Most departments have at least one person assigned with a card.
Most departments have at least some fellowship money around.
Most departments have clubs for their majors.
Most departments have consolidated leadership and operations, while others have been redesigned.
Most departments have copies and have submitted corrections, additions and new listings.
Most departments have departmental libraries available for student use.
Most Departments have employees throughout the State including a large number of small towns.
Most departments have employees.
Most departments have expertise.
Most departments have interest.
Most departments have internal policy and procedure manuals.
Most departments have legal responsibility.
Most departments have maps.
Most departments have opportunity.
Most departments have orientation programs for new graduate students.
Most departments have policies on grading and issues related to grading.
Most departments have policies.
Most departments have policy.
Most departments have procedures for appealing the results of an exam.
Most departments have responsibility.
Most departments have rock and mineral display cases.
Most departments have some funds available to pay for travel to professional conferences.
Most departments have some kind of web page, some with extensive documentation.
Most departments have someone who manages the department's Web pages.
Most departments have something they pride themselves on doing exceptionally well.
Most departments have specific advisors who help students with plans for graduation with honors.
Most departments have specific courses listed in the catalog for internship and co-op programs.
Most departments have specific departmental admission requirements.
Most departments have suggestions.
Most departments have their own labs that can only be used by the students in that department.
Most departments have their web pages here.
Most departments have virtually nothing for equipment.
Most departments have Web pages and many conduct business through interactive sites.
Most departments hire their own students as TAs, RAs, and AAs.
Most departments hold cards for departmental use.
Most departments hold orientation sessions for new graduate students during the week before classes.
Most departments incorporate the requirement into established courses.
Most departments leave the fund and subfund fields blank.
Most departments maintain a coffee maker and decide their own policies regarding supplies.
Most departments make admissions offers to the very strongest students in the applicant pool.
Most departments make assessments.
Most departments now have minors.
Most departments offer a minor.
Most departments offer additional computer service to their students.
Most departments offer at least one course within each cluster.
Most departments offer at least one major course of study.
Most departments offer benefits.
Most departments offer both courses required for degree programs and experimental courses.
Most departments offer both thesis and nonthesis options.
Most departments offer career workshops and talk about career opportunities at their orientations.
Most departments offer courses during summer session.
Most departments offer courses that incorporate technology in the learning experience.
Most departments offer death benefits.
Most departments offer degree programs at all levels of study.
Most departments offer employees the opportunity to advance into the ranks of seasonal management.
Most departments offer minors as well.
Most departments offer minors.
Most departments offer opportunity.
Most departments offer options.
Most departments offer practicum or internship credit.
Most departments offer services on a cost-recovery basis.
Most departments offer several different options.
Most departments offer ship options.
Most departments offer some courses by examination.
Most departments offer the option of challenging courses.
Most departments offer travaux diriges , on academic topics related to the lecture courses.
Most departments offering graduate degrees have funds for graduate assistantships.
Most departments only allow one non-Claremont faculty member to serve as a reader, however.
Most departments perform examinations.
Most departments prefer that students take the test during their last semester.
Most departments prefer to advise their majors more frequently than the three times noted above.
Most departments prefer to advise their majors more frequently.
Most departments prefer to do their own packing before the actual move.
Most departments prepare statements.
Most departments provide strong support for the student societies associated with their disciplines.
Most departments provide their own security contacts.
Most departments provide virus checking utilities on their machines.
Most departments receive calls.
Most departments receive information.
Most departments receive one delivery and pick-up per day.
Most departments recognize necessity.
Most departments recommend approval.
Most departments report little or no recruiting of graduate students.
Most departments report results.
Most departments report the establishment and effective use of student computer labs.
Most departments request a larger number of interns during the summer months.
Most departments require applicants to take standardized entrance exams.
Most departments require degrees.
Most departments require education.
Most departments require junior or senior standing.
Most departments require operations.
Most departments require students to apply and interview for the position.
Most departments require students to be juniors before they can participate in service learning.
Most departments require students to seek permission to enroll in a graduate course.
Most departments require that officers be armed while on duty.
Most departments require, though, that courses taken to satisfy major requirements be graded.
Most departments respond to incidents.
Most departments schedule testing during the second month of the semester.
Most departments show an increase in the passing rate for their majors.
Most departments spend every penny on hardware and software and zero on support.
Most departments sponsor clubs and other activities for majors and interested students.
Most departments start with procurement, where the technology is already most prevalent.
Most departments support co-op student placements and graduate studies .
Most departments take several steps.
Most departments take steps.
Most departments teach assistants.
Most departments use science.
Most departments utilize a two step evaluation process during the psychological exam.
Most departments value alumni input, and English is no exception.
Some department have very tight copy budgets, while others are more generous.
Some departments abuse the right to use graduate students asteachers.
Some departments accept no more than six transfer hours.
Some departments admit students only once each semester.
Some departments admit students year round.
Some departments advise swimmers.
Some departments allow challenge exams and place-out exams.
Some departments allow faculty members space on department computers for a home page.
Some departments allow students to choose between the two, while other departments demand both.
Some departments already do capstone courses.
Some departments already have a senior thesis or project as a graduation requirement.
Some departments already provide in-service courses for teachers.
Some departments also allow applicants to apply for second semester entry.
Some departments also benefit from special programs to handle suspects.
Some departments also cover a jurisdiction outside their city limits.
Some departments also describe their facilities on their own websites.
Some departments also give accounts to majors on their machines, such as physics.
Some departments also have deadlines.
Some departments also have fellowships available.
Some departments also have homepages.
Some departments also have rescue units, fire boats, and ambulance service.
Some departments also have specific course requirements.
Some departments also have specific requirements in terms of undergraduate background.
Some departments also have supplementary instructions or outlines for the prospectus.
Some departments also have the degree audit reports.
Some departments also have their own independent departmental library.
Some departments also have their own resources, described in the table below.
Some departments also have their own web servers and server administrators.
Some departments also have their program guides available on the Internet.
Some departments also have tuition awards and stipends available through funded projects.
Some departments also involve their executive committee as a review body.
Some departments also maintain departmental pages.
Some departments also offer evening and late night work shifts.
Some departments also offer externally funded stipends from corporate or government sources.
Some departments also offer minors.
Some departments also offer one year certificates.
Some departments also offer practica.
Some departments also offer the option of a comprehensive exam.
Some departments also organize tutoring services.
Some departments also provide limited support for summer thesis research.
Some departments also provide lockers for their graduate students.
Some departments also provide student mailboxes for distribution of departmental materials.
Some departments also provide their own service for their own staff and students.
Some departments also reduce the advisor's class courseload.
Some departments also require a qualifying examination in the minor field.
Some departments also require a subject test.
Some departments also require an object code.
Some departments also require an oral portion of the comprehensive examination.
Some departments also require the signature of the department chair or department honors adviser.
Some departments also require the subject test for graduate admission.
Some departments also run their own optional study skill seminars.
Some departments also use a designated street address.
Some departments also use resource schedules as a way to handle calendars of events.
Some departments are able to arrange tutoring sessions with students who request it.
Some departments are all volunteer and some are paid.
Some departments are better at managing and experimenting with assessment than others.
Some departments are community-owned and some are privately operated, working on a contract basis.
Some departments are considerably more competitive.
Some departments are heavily dependent on part time workforce.
Some departments are joint while others have separate missions and unique services.
Some departments are just as bad or worse.
Some departments are more graphic, some more text based.
Some departments are more likely to allow a non-audition weekend appointment than others.
Some departments are only able to hire work study students.
Some departments are small, tight communities.
Some departments are still upset when they realize that a library component has to be funded.
Some departments are willing to be a part of a pilot testing group.
Some departments arrange a library session for their majors as well.
Some departments assign a particular faculty member to supervise students.
Some departments assign the interdepartmenatal members.
Some departments below are currently unavailable.
Some departments can process and store fingerprints, mug shots, and other offender profile data.
Some departments change their WP course from time to time.
Some departments charge a fee for such examinations.
Some departments charge additional fees for classes such as lab or music fees.
Some departments charge an additional lab fee which are over and above the costs of the units value.
Some departments choose to fax or mail their own purchase orders.
Some departments choose to keep records on file indefinitely.
Some departments choose to pay the royalties and distribute materials at no cost to students.
Some departments choose, for a variety of reasons, to have their own web server.
Some departments complete inspections.
Some departments conduct an early registration for their courses.
Some departments conduct background investigations.
Some departments conduct investigations.
Some departments conduct such assessments of how students are doing quarterly or yearly.
Some departments conduct weekly campus meetings of experiential learning students.
Some departments confirm death.
Some departments control and maintain their own content.
Some departments count additional courses to the major.
Some departments count coursework toward a degree only after admission.
Some departments cover the cost of their staff's vaccinations.
Some departments currently offer non-honors capstone courses for their majors.
Some departments currently use a photocopier owned by the department.
Some departments define full time as fewer than three units if the student has an assistantship.
Some departments deliver products.
Some departments demonstrate importance.
Some departments designate a committee or even one faculty member to design a survey.
Some departments designate one person to do their web site.
Some departments determine applications.
Some departments determine examinations.
Some departments determine requirements.
Some departments develop examinations.
Some departments differ.
Some departments do an excellent job and others fail miserably.
Some departments do conduct telephone interviews.
Some departments do demonstrations.
Some Departments do have spares.
Some departments do no list on the job board because they are seeking specific majors, etc.
Some departments DO require or prefer applicants to have relevant work experience.
Some departments do so anyway.
Some departments do specify a higher level of achievement for a prerequisite course.
Some departments do specify the fonts they want students to use.
Some departments don t even support or talk to one another.
Some departments encourage citizens.
Some departments enforce individual application deadlines.
Some departments even award the officers who give out the most tickets in a month.
Some departments even have editors available to do final mark-up of manuscripts.
Some departments even hire counselors that work as full-time youth diversion specialists.
Some departments even pay for part of the expenses of the visit for their top candidates.
Some departments explicitly forbid supported students to take on additional work.
Some departments feature links to expanded information.
Some departments feature their own highly-individualized internship options.
Some departments feel that a few of their employee s salaries increased too much.
Some departments find health.
Some departments find it advantageous to use postage meters to meet their mailing needs.
Some departments focus on applications.
Some departments focus on aspects.
Some departments follow a theme.
Some departments furnish students with tools to use in their courses.
Some departments generate a great amount of solid waste because of the nature of packaging.
Some departments get calls.
Some departments give enrollment priority to their own students.
Some departments give patients stool-softening medication.
Some departments grant compensatory time off to exempt classified employees.
Some departments handle the recommendation process in-house.
Some departments have a dedicated support staff.
Some departments have a high volume of small work requests.
Some departments have a homepage.
Some departments have a local area network to which their departmental computers are attached.
Some departments have a lower maximum limit.
Some departments have a mentor for teaching as well as for scholarship and research.
Some departments have a specified time period to submit transfer applications.
Some departments have a very organized system of assisting students to obtain internships.
Some departments have additional admission requirements, as listed below.
Some departments have additional admission requirements.
Some departments have additional admissions requirements.
Some departments have additional criteria.
Some departments have additional fellowships restricted to students in specific disciplines.
Some departments have additional hours in the evenings and on weekends.
Some departments have additional requirements, such as experience with children or an extra essay.
Some departments have additional requirements.
Some departments have additional statements that can be found in the departmental course listing.
Some departments have admissions forms of their own, and application deadlines vary by department.
Some departments have agreement.
Some departments have an additional departmental website.
Some departments have an equivalent requirement in lieu of the master's comprehensive examination.
Some departments have an established core of professors who conduct exams .
Some departments have an integrated approach or an approach that is different from others.
Some departments have applications on their websites.
Some departments have areas.
Some departments have authority.
Some departments have changes in chairs and that can cause confusion.
Some departments have citizens.
Some departments have community liaisons.
Some departments have computer labs configured for students taking courses in that discipline.
Some departments have contests.
Some departments have departmental criteria statements.
Some departments have descriptive entries.
Some departments have different deadlines other than the ones indicated above.
Some departments have direct lines as noted.
Some departments have earlier application deadlines.
Some departments have earlier dates.
Some departments have earlier deadlines.
Some departments have early deadlines for fellowship applicants.
Some departments have exceptions.
Some departments have external sources of funding for undergraduate research.
Some departments have few if any untenured people.
Some departments have formal internship programs that are requirements for graduation.
Some departments have funds set aside for student research.
Some departments have gaurs.
Some departments have higher grade requirements.
Some departments have higher minimum requirements.
Some departments have higher rates.
Some departments have higher requirements.
Some departments have higher standards or additional admission requirements.
Some Departments have independent statutory authority to establish trusts.
Some departments have in-house orientation sessions for new faculty as well.
Some departments have internal dial-in servers that have been configured for departmental use.
Some departments have international magazines available for student reference.
Some departments have interview requirements or ask for supplemental information.
Some departments have intra-departmental peer review systems to evaluate teaching.
Some departments have links to specific activities.
Some Departments have little or no program at all.
Some departments have many more applicants than open slots, and competition is keen.
Some departments have many professors teaching, and some have none.
Some departments have mechanisms for peer support.
Some departments have minimum special requirements for admission to their major programs.
Some departments have minor collections of books and periodicals.
Some departments have more flexibility than others in meeting the changing schedules of students.
Some departments have more stringent requirements.
Some departments have more teaching duties.
Some departments have more thatn one questionnaire format - lab sections vs. lecture sections, etc.
Some departments have multiple directories for various accounts.
Some departments have officers specially trained in family crisis intervention.
Some departments have officers.
Some departments have old software and old machines.
Some departments have other accounts that are department specific.
Some departments have other requirements in place of a thesis.
Some departments have paramedic units able to provide more complex medical aid.
Some departments have photocopy cards available to their staff.
Some departments have presentations planned.
Some departments have relatively poor, but improving, journal collections.
Some departments have restrictions on combinations of courses.
Some departments have restrictions on taking graduate level courses.
Some departments have scholarships which are offered directly by the department.
Some departments have separate mail stores.
Some departments have shortages.
Some departments have special fees attached to selected courses.
Some departments have special requirements for their students.
Some departments have special requirements in their departmental curriculum.
Some departments have special requirements or suggestions for their students buying computers.
Some departments have special scholarship opportunities for graduate students.
Some departments have specific external exam fees.
Some departments have specific individuals whose job duties include computer support.
Some departments have staff and others use faculty to advise majors about what classes to take.
Some departments have staff in different buildings across campus.
Some departments have states.
Some departments have stations.
Some departments have student run evaluation systems as well.
Some departments have student supervisory positions.
Some departments have supplemental application procedures and admission deadlines to meet.
Some departments have teaching or research assistantships for graduate students.
Some departments have telephones that have more than one mailbox assigned.
Some departments have their chaplain serve on hiring boards, award boards, discipline boards, etc.
Some departments have their outgoing mail picked up by couriers and central transport.
Some departments have their own computing facilities.
Some departments have their own house style templates.
Some departments have their own local laser printer connected to the network.
Some departments have their own network, often for reasons of privacy, security, or expense.
Some departments have their own requirements on computer platform and software.
Some departments have their own seven-digit direct dial numbers and can be dialed directly.
Some departments have their own undergraduate research courses.
Some departments have their own Web servers.
Some departments have their own web sites.
Some departments have training grants offering students full tuition plus a stipend.
Some departments have travel agents with whom they prefer to make travel arrangements.
Some departments have unique demands.
Some departments have upper division forms specially tailored to each catalog edition.
Some departments have very comprehensive purchasing procedures.
Some departments have very long lists already set.
Some departments have working committees that address technology issues.
Some departments have zones.
Some departments hire contractors.
Some departments hire dozens of students, some only one or two.
Some departments hire students to provide onsite help.
Some departments hire with or without it.
Some departments host more than one discipline.
Some departments identify customers.
Some departments identify men.
Some departments identify new customers.
Some departments increase requirements.
Some departments increase responses.
Some departments increase train requirements.
Some departments invest more than others in developing the teaching skills of their TAs.
Some departments keep waiting lists while others insist that enrollment be purely via touchtone.
Some departments kill buffalo.
Some departments like to have information about their staff members.
Some departments limit the number of overseas courses that can be applied to the major.
Some departments maintain a detailed listing of staff.
Some departments maintain a list of individuals who are seeking employment as tutors.
Some departments maintain cost data for comparison against outside proposals.
Some departments maintain information for their students.
Some departments maintain records separate from the school or college.
Some departments maintain significant inventories of materials and supplies.
Some departments maintain their own bulletin boards.
Some departments maintain their own Web sites.
Some departments maintain waiting lists for students wishing to enroll in a closed course.
Some departments make a single recommendation.
Some departments make announcements.
Some departments make available further information about their syllabi.
Some departments now wish to do their own course, rather than use a local police academy.
Some departments offer a course to seniors which replaces the comprehensive examination.
Some departments offer a dental plan.
Some departments offer a minor.
Some departments offer additional scholarship opportunities.
Some departments offer advice on using e-mail for courses .
Some departments offer both a thesis and a nonthesis option, while others offer only one plan.
Some departments offer considerably larger stipends.
Some departments offer credit to students who qualify and wish to work on special projects.
Some departments offer degrees.
Some departments offer fellowships provided by corporate gifts or philanthropic agencies.
Some departments offer internships for academic credit as part of the major.
Some departments offer masters.
Some departments offer materials.
Some departments offer mathematics.
Some departments offer more than one major.
Some departments offer no funding to international students for their first year.
Some departments offer programmes leading to the award of a Diploma.
Some departments offer qualified students credits for special projects.
Some departments offer small grants to students in their major who are involved in research.
Some departments offer specialized concentrations within a particular major.
Some departments offer specific guidelines to their students or have special procedures.
Some departments offer specific student employment programs.
Some departments offer teaching assistantship positions.
Some departments offer the opportunity for a dual major program.
Some departments offer the opportunity to do research in the discipline.
Some departments offer their own mail servers for their members.
Some departments only accept applications for specific semesters.
Some departments operate restricted labs.
Some departments organize lecture series which are open to both staff and students.
Some departments pay for their personnel to attend.
Some departments perform reclamation.
Some departments permit the usage of the hijab for female Muslim police officers.
Some departments place limits on enrolment and give preference to their own students.
Some departments plan to use standardized tests, in some cases along with other assessment methods.
Some departments poll the students for suggested nominees.
Some departments prefer that course instructors conduct student ratings in their own classes.
Some departments prefer that students enroll as pre-majors to their graduate program.
Some departments prefer to approve the graduation application prior to payment.
Some departments prefer to edit and create their own pages directly.
Some departments prefer to put the formats on computer and dispense with the forms.
Some departments prefer to work from printed reports, while others prefer a paperless operation.
Some departments produce annual reports, created either in-house or by outside consultants.
Some departments produce graduates.
Some departments promote strategies.
Some departments provide a syllabus and determine the course objectives.
Some departments provide additional courses, and there are some online materials as well.
Some departments provide additional training or orientation.
Some departments provide adequate trains.
Some departments provide an on-call service.
Some departments provide assistance.
Some departments provide copies.
Some departments provide experience.
Some departments provide homes.
Some departments provide notice.
Some departments provide retired faculty and staff with a place to receive mail.
Some departments provide services.
Some departments provide similar services, particularly for email.
Some departments provide their own course evaluation forms to instructors.
Some departments provide their own modem pools.
Some departments provide their own service support.
Some departments provide trains.
Some departments provide valuable experience.
Some departments recommend the use of gloves, others go a little farther.
Some departments regularly have employees whose certifying number and budget number differ.
Some departments reject applications.
Some departments release statements.
Some departments rely on verbal feedback provided by the supervising faculty member.
Some departments report death.
Some departments report no problems, while others lack necessary support.
Some departments require a C- or better in each course for the major.
Some departments require a C- or better in each major course.
Some departments require a higher average.
Some departments require a higher grade point average.
Some departments require a higher score.
Some departments require a more frequent pick-up than others.
Some departments require a personal interview.
Some departments require a sample of scholarly writing.
Some departments require a signed requisition before an order is placed.
Some departments require a subject test as well the general test.
Some departments require a tool subject in lieu of, or in addition to, the language requirement.
Some departments require academic advising each semester for all majors.
Some departments require additional application materials.
Some departments require additional applications and maintain earlier departmental deadlines.
Some departments require additional copies of dissertations.
Some departments require additional course units.
Some departments require additional forms.
Some departments require additional information for admission.
Some departments require additional information.
Some departments require additional materials.
Some departments require additional time.
Some departments require all TA-led classes to be observed at least once by a faculty member.
Some departments require an additional admission application.
Some departments require an additional application.
Some departments require an additional bound copy for their own file.
Some departments require an additional copy of the thesis for their own files.
Some departments require an application fee to cover some administrative costs.
Some departments require both a first class bachelor s and a first class master s degree.
Some departments require chair's approval.
Some departments require completion of additional departmental honors courses.
Some departments require computer science for their majors.
Some departments require current resumes.
Some departments require designs.
Some departments require evidence.
Some departments require five members on the advisory committee.
Some departments require grades of C or higher in specified courses.
Some departments require higher averages for enrollment and support continuance.
Some departments require higher scores.
Some departments require interviews as part of the application process.
Some departments require one or more starred papers.
Some departments require other mathematics courses.
Some departments require participation in special honors seminars.
Some departments require passing scores on the exit exam.
Some departments require placement tests prior to admission to classes.
Some departments require rabies tests.
Some departments require reapplication.
Some departments require recommendations for master's degree programs.
Some departments require registration through their department.
Some departments require standardized test scores for admission.
Some departments require students to attend advising sessions each semester.
Some departments require students to take certain electives in cognate subjects to the major.
Some departments require students with work-study.
Some departments require tests.
Some departments require the additional approval of the academic dean or vice president.
Some departments require the letters to be written on a special form.
Some departments require the permission of the instructor, as well.
Some departments require the subject test.
Some departments require the submission of writing samples or portfolios.
Some departments require their students to have additional copies bound.
Some departments require training or orientation.
Some departments require uniforms to be worn while working.
Some departments reward college grads with a higher pay scale than non-grads.
Some departments run an aggressive traffic patrol, in part, to chance upon outstanding warrants.
Some departments run their own email systems.
Some departments run their own mail servers, as do some of the larger systems on campus.
Some departments run their own nameservers.
Some departments seem to have difficulties in tracking when reappointments are necessary.
Some departments send a list of instructors who want their classes evaluated.
Some departments show a remarkable number of different courses producing portfolio submissions.
Some departments solve problems.
Some departments sound important but just produce a lot of hot air.
Some departments span more than one building on campus.
Some departments specialize in science.
Some departments specify particular general education courses.
Some departments sponsor parking for visitors and guests.
Some departments sponsor regular series of lectures.
Some departments still carry on the tradition.
Some departments still fund part of the costs of lab workers from operating funds.
Some departments stop reviewing applications earlier than others because of the limited space.
Some departments support companies.
Some departments take actions.
Some departments take deliveries.
Some departments take possessions.
Some departments take pride in the fact that they have very few pursuits.
Some departments take their work to off campus vendors.
Some departments use a room number, some a users name.
Some departments use alarms that turn on the air conditioning if a car overheats.
Some departments use e-mail via their own LANs.
Some Departments use firm, uniform weights.
Some departments use golf carts as a safe, efficient alternative to pushcarts.
Some departments use intermediate terms, as well.
Some departments use judgment.
Some departments use stand-alone personal computers.
Some departments use the additional benefits of sedation.
Some departments use time sheets while others use time cards with time clocks.
Some departments use time sheets while others use time clocks.
Some departments vary.
Some departments visit homes.
Some departments work flex time.
Some departments work with partners.
Departmental acceptance is dependent upon acceptance by the appropriate curricular area faculty.
Departmental accounts have no other membership privileges as such.
Departmental activities are more tactical and focused on a particular business unit.
Departmental activities involve reference assistance and bibliographic instruction.
Departmental activities provide opportunities for learning outside of the classroom structure.
Departmental activity reports.
All departmental activity is subject to their review and approval.
Departmental administration is implemented for secrecy examination approval.
Departmental administrators are themselves valuable assets to programs.
Departmental administrators can access individual student records for students in their department.
Departmental admission is necessary.
Departmental advisers are also available for consultation during the pre-registration periods.
Departmental advisers are available for consultations on the minor in communication studies.
Departmental advisers are prepared to assist the student in planning an academic program.
Departmental advisers have lists of approved courses.
Departmental advisers have lists of recommended elective courses for students to use.
Departmental advisers have lists of recommended elective courses for students to utilize.
Departmental advisers present portions of the workshop and help tailor the content for their majors.
Departmental advisors are available during freshman orientation and preregistration periods.
Departmental advisors are available for matriculated adult students.
Departmental advisors are available to assist in the selection of electives.
Departmental advisors assist students in locating summer work.
Departmental advisors can provide information about specific department requirements.
Departmental advisors can provide students with more specialized information about their majors.
Departmental advisors Graduate, undergraduate, and some specialized advisors.
Departmental affiliates are also active in environmental consulting and public service.
Departmental affiliation is a required field.
Departmental affiliation is open.
Departmental aid is awarded on a merit basis.
Departmental approval is based on total profile of the applicant's background and career objectives.
Departmental approval is necessary before enrolling.
Departmental approval is necessary prior to enrolment.
Departmental approval is necessary.
Departmental approval is requested before relevant subscriptions are discontinued.
Departmental approval is required .
Departmental approval is required for acceptance as a major.
Departmental approval is required for all international travel.
Departmental approval is required for all practicum placements.
Departmental approval is required for any admission, regardless of grade point average.
Departmental approval is required for certification application.
Departmental approval is required for registration in all upper-division courses in the major.
Departmental approval is required for registration.
Departmental approval is required for the programme of each student.
Departmental approval is required if an employee wants to appeal a classification.
Departmental approval is required in advance.
Departmental approval is required prior to registration when time off work is required.
Departmental approval is required prior to registration.
Departmental approval is required to obtain prescription safety eyewear.
Departmental approval is required.
Departmental approval is to be requested by completion of the following form.
Departmental assistance includes technical advice, analysis and assistance of a limited nature.
Departmental assistants take fewer, depending on the extent of their responsibilities.
Departmental auditions take place when admitted students arrive in the fall.
Departmental audits are ongoing.
Departmental authorization is required for registration.
Departmental brochures are also available from individual units upon request.
Departmental budgets are detailed documents with descriptions and budgets down to the program level.
Departmental budgets pay for advertising.
Some departmental budgets are available online.
Departmental bursaries are available in certain cases.
Departmental cards are available on request.
Departmental cards are available to academic departments.
Departmental chairs are eligible if their service is above and beyond the normal university duties.
Departmental chairs can see everything related to their departments.
Departmental charges are the same - less shipping and tax.
Departmental clearance is required to enroll.
Departmental clubs allow for student activities and a social environment within the college.
Departmental clubs compliment academic programs.
Departmental clubs offer science students a huge variety of services.
Departmental clubs offer speakers and symposia on topics of interest in various fields.
Departmental clusters provide more focused access to computers and specialized classroom resources.
Departmental collections are in the graduate departments.
Departmental commitment is a critical component of a successful proposal.
Departmental committees guide curriculum development and faculty promotion and procurement.
Departmental committees oversee the implementation of the program.
All departmental concentrations are state approved.
Departmental consent is required prior to registration.
Departmental consent is required.
Departmental contacts are available to speak with students concerning sequence offerings.
Departmental courses are the basis of training in education and human services.
Departmental courses encourage the integration and synthesis of a wide range of subjects.
Departmental courses introduce the students to history and the recorded progress of civilization.
All departmental courses are open to qualified students regardless of major.
Departmental decisions are to be made on instructional materials.
Departmental discussions allow students to discuss issues that arise in their teaching practice.
Departmental efforts are clearly an individual effort.
Departmental eligibility is determined.
Departmental employees exercise delegated powers under the legislation.
Departmental empowerment is encouraged.
Departmental exams consist of a take-home written exam and an oral exam.
Departmental examinations are available for both placement and credit.
Departmental facilities permit both theoretical and experimental research investigations.
Departmental facilities see.
All departmental facilities are available to students registered for computer science courses.
Departmental faculties determine their own voting membership.
Departmental faculty can help each other prepare for class by sharing databases.
Departmental faculty carry out research and publication.
Departmental faculty introduce problem-solving concepts into curricular development.
Departmental faculty represent a diversity of medical and related basic science disciplines.
Departmental faculty supervise the student's work.
Departmental faculty support a broad range of educational programs.
All departmental faculty are available for career counseling in their area of expertise.
Departmental Forms Click any topic in the image above for additional info.
Some departmental funds are available to students presenting papers.
Departmental funding is available on an annual, competitive basis.
Departmental funding is available to assist students in attending workshops and conferences.
Departmental funding is limited to five years from first registration.
Departmental graduates have a strong record of continuing academic appointments.
Departmental guidelines are available for preparing the statement.
Departmental homepages provide information on courses, majors and other academic requirements.
Many departmental homepages have a graphical version of the department name rather than text.
Departmental honors comes from the department, though there are some minimum standards.
Departmental honors credits double-count for college honors credit.
Departmental honors require successful com pletion of honors comprehensive requirements.
Departmental honors require successful completion of honors comprehensive requirements.
Departmental information includes faculty, a newsletter, and posters.
Departmental information is only available for graduate applicants.
Departmental information sent by mail is exactly what is available here on the world wide web.
Some departmental instruments are available for student use.
Departmental interaction requires diplomacy and confidentiality.
Departmental interviews require two weeks notice.
Departmental involvement is most likely for specialist applications or subject specific datasets.
Departmental keys are for use by several people within a department.
Departmental lab exercises use computer interfacing.
Some departmental labs do give priority to students taking classes in the department.
Departmental laboratories are well equipped with an emphasis on hands-on experience.
Departmental laboratories are well-equipped for students' research.
Departmental liaisons serve as a link between their departments and faculty development.
Departmental libraries are by nature user-centered.
Departmental libraries are only available to members of a person's own department.
Departmental libraries exist too.
Departmental libraries receive approval books within a week of selection.
Departmental libraries vary in extent, condition and availability to pupils.
Most departmental libraries allow home loans and offer photocopying facilities.
Departmental lists are subject to revision yearly.
Departmental machines are for use by authorized persons only.
Some departmental machines can also provide POP mail.
Departmental mail is delivered twice daily.
Departmental mail is sorted by MSCs.
All departmental mail is separated from student mail.
Departmental majors allow a student to study in depth a single discipline.
Departmental majors change with faculty turnover and as faculty interests migrate.
Departmental majors choose either psychology or English as a minor.
Most departmental majors have great flexibility and encourage interdisciplinary work.
Some departmental majors meet the requirements of two certification areas.
Departmental management determines organizational structure and assigns duties and responsibilities.
Departmental managers are responsible for verifying that time is entered correctly.
Departmental manuals are available for consultation in regional offices listed below.
Departmental Mascots See who's wandering the halls.
Departmental meetings vary in frequency, subject matter, and time.
Departmental members are leaders in the modelling of accretion flows.
Departmental members listed on the application are to be limited to Bloodhound handlers only.
Any departmental member can use networked printers located throughout our space.
Departmental modules are also available.
Departmental offices are also a good source of information.
Departmental offices can provide assistance and current information needed to complete the budget.
Departmental offices can provide information on time, location, and preparation.
Departmental offices have complete guidelines and nomination forms.
Departmental options vary.
All departmental orders are now on the system, as are all serials titles.
Departmental organizations are organizations that relate to a certain area of study.
Departmental orientations consist of four weeks with a preceptor.
Departmental outcomes are aspirations for all students majoring within the department.
Departmental pages reside on a different computer.
Every departmental page has a standard header and footer.
Departmental participation varies from year to year.
Departmental permission is necessary prior to registration.
Departmental permission is required for enrollment in all graduate social work courses.
Departmental permission is required to fix a poster to a covered noticeboard.
Departmental permission is required.
Departmental personnel determine the appropriate destination for the mail.
Departmental personnel provide grave opening and closing services as well as perpetual care.
Departmental personnel provide out-reach to the general community and to growers.
All departmental personnel enforce college policy as well as parking regulations on campus.
Many departmental phones are restricted-use lines.
Departmental policy deducts one grade for three unexcused absences.
Departmental policy ensures a minimum stipend support for graduate students.
Departmental policy expects Ph.D. degree completion within five years.
Departmental policy is published in departmental advising material.
Departmental policy prohibits any make-up work.
Departmental policy requires the integration of diversity issues into all Departmental courses.
Departmental printers are accessible from all computers.
Many departmental printers can print labels.
Departmental procedures regarding reinstatement are identical to admission procedures.
Departmental productions have priority over other events.
Departmental programs emphasize the application of theoretical concepts.
Departmental programs help communities plan for the future.
Departmental progress reports.
Departmental projects are also appropriate.
Departmental publications are available on the web site, on CD ROM and hard copy.
Departmental publishers can get weekly statistics reports on all their files and directories.
Departmental recommendation is required for registration.
Departmental recommendation is required.
Departmental records record the academic progress of a student within a given subject area.
Departmental regulations stipulate whether a prospectus is required .
Departmental reports describe specific cultural and community activities of local clubs.
Departmental representation is based on the number of graduate students in the department.
Departmental requests come from administrators or facility coordinators.
Departmental requirements are subject to change.
Departmental requirements are the same for transfer students as for others.
Departmental requirements permit maximum flexibility and student choice.
Departmental research informs changes in nursing practice.
Departmental research is an example.
Departmental research is built on a tradition of fundamental research.
Departmental research is emphasized in developing quality instructional programs.
Departmental research reports.
Departmental resistance is another enormous hurdle for many organizations.
Departmental resources are limited to provision of office space.
Departmental roads are curvy and slow, though they are the most scenic.
Departmental scholars discuss their current research.
Departmental scholarships are also available to help defray the cost of tuition or thesis research.
Departmental scholarships are also available.
Departmental scholarships are available for outstanding ENBE undergraduates.
Departmental scholarships are available for outstanding students in kinesiology.
Departmental scholarships are available on a limited bases.
Departmental scholarships are available to help defray costs.
Departmental scholarships are available.
Departmental scholarships are extremely competitive and limited in number.
Many departmental scholarships are available for outstanding students in health promotion.
Some departmental scholarships are available.
Departmental secretaries have the account numbers.
Departmental seminars offer an opportunity to explore particular texts or problems in depth.
Departmental servers are the responsibility of the individual department.
Departmental servers exist in areas where it is logical to put the server closer to users.
Departmental servers have their own naming conventions.
Departmental servers have their own policies on page publication methods.
Departmental servers have their own rules.
Departmental servers promise power, reliability, and virtually unlimited growth potential.
Most departmental servers are capable of more processors.
Most departmental service consists of systems administration and supervision of systems personnel.
Departmental signs are the responsibility of individual departments.
Departmental signature is required.
Departmental sites contain information describing their current work.
Departmental software is essentially all the rest.
Departmental specialties emphasize resource management, and cultural and historical geography.
Departmental sponsor completes the form.
Departmental staff are available to answer reference questions and provide research assistance.
Departmental staff are available to assist with any questions regarding property in Kent County.
Departmental staff are interested in learning more about how other areas in the library operate.
Departmental staff are on a number of national and international boards.
Departmental staff assist students with enrollment and graduation requirement questions.
Departmental staff can allow multiple enrollments when they complete the course set up process.
Departmental staff can communicate directly with executives and vice versa.
Departmental staff have a wide range of research interests.
Departmental staff includes a scientific glassblower and two electronic instrumentation specialists.
Departmental staff provide a comprehensive service, in all aspects of primary production.
Departmental staff provide training for student operators.
All departmental staff have unlimited access to computing facilities.
Departmental standards rank second.
Departmental status is still rare.
Departmental status updates.
Departmental strengths are in physical, rural, community, county, and state planning.
Departmental supervisors select student employees based on personal contacts and interviews.
Departmental support can take many forms.
Departmental support following the fellowship year is included.
Departmental support is available through scholarships and internships.
Departmental support is the primary source for training and consulting specific to a discipline.
Many departmental systems require certain versions of drivers.
Departmental time can also be a big cost.
Departmental timekeepers are responsible for gathering and entering time and leave every two weeks.
Departmental training is ongoing.
Departmental tutors are sometimes available.
Departmental uniforms are always acceptable.
Departmental users can generate customized reports about property in their departments or centers.
Departmental workshops are a new offering.
Departmental workshops are also available upon request.
Departmentalized classes exist most commonly in California junior and senior high schools.
Departments heads are responsible for the care of fixed asset items.
Departure songs are up, as well as a few others.
A departure tax is a tax
Departure tax is included.
Departure tax is to be paid in local currency.
A departure is an act
Departure also has two other models.
Departure can be an unhappy affair, with stock prices suffering in the short term.
Departure Can Wait is fascinating and strangely human record.
Departure dates no longer available appear in red.
Departure dates time vary.
Departure depends on El Al flights.
Departure depends on length of trip.
Departure equals length of traverse line times sine of angle of bearing.
Departure is a difficult time for many advisers and postdocs.
Departure is according to the original schedule.
Departure is approx.
Departure is available every day for group and individuals.
Departure is early morning and return is late afternoon the next day.
Departure is from the River Terrace loading zone.
Departure is guaranteed as long as two people are signed up.
Departure is hope and abandoning despair.
Departure is immediately after breakfast.
Departure is in the late afternoon.
Departure is in the late morning.
Departure is in the morning.
Departure is next to the train station.
Departure is on request.
Departure is rather earlier in mild winters and somewhat later in cold ones.
Departure is ritualized.
Departure is standard Class D procedure.
Departure is the deepest loss.
Departure isa event.
Departure leads to disaster.
Departure locations all over the world.
Departure means any aircraft taking off from an airport.
Departure points other than Sydney are available in Australia - check the site for details.
Departure shows how current temperature, growing degree days or rainfall varies from normal.
Departure takes constant time to pattern match and extract the element.
Departure takes place from the East Gym unless noted otherwise.
Departure uses a different approach.
Departure varies according to time of year.
Departures are acts.
Departures are almost hourly.
Departures are around noon and in the late afternoon.
Departures are available about every half hour.
Departures are available from other U.S. gateway cities.
Departures are bands.
Departures are daily during business hours from specific downtown addresses.
Departures are daily, all year round.
Departures are daily.
Departures are every week from gateways all across Canada.
Departures are five minutes apart.
Departures are four minutes apart.
Departures are frequent.
Departures are from Britain and scheduled to coincide with the European holiday season.
Departures are from mid-morning until late afternoon.
Departures are from the early morning until mid-afternoon.
Departures are from the sunny west side.
Departures are from Vancouver airports 'South' terminal.
Departures are from Whittier, Alaska.
Departures are generally on the hour daily, and the ferry is free for guests staying on the island.
Departures are in the late morning and the mid-afternoon.
Departures are in the morning and the early afternoon.
Departures are issuing.
Departures are limited due to the extremes of climate and the specialist nature of our operation.
Departures are midweek.
Departures are more frequent during weekday peak hours.
Departures are on any day.
Departures are on request.
Departures are on the hour and half hour both ways.
Departures are prompt.
Departures are relatively frequent.
Departures are so depressing.
Departures are subject to a two person minimum.
Departures are subject to change due to mechanical failures or weather conditons.
Departures are very much a case in point.
Departures are weather dependent.
Departures are year-round.
Departures can be very early in the morning.
Departures can vary, call first.
Departures decrease during weekends and off-peak times.
Departures depend on the sunset time so please call to check boarding and departure times.
Departures depend on the weather.
Departures is a grand collection of alternative history and science fiction short stories.
Departures is, first and foremost, about people.
Departures leave the service window.
Departures match school vacations.
Departures refers to the probability distribution of the time between departures.
Departures require advance payment and reservations.
Departures require approval of the deans of the college.
Departures run year 'round.
Departures take place at various times of the day depending on the destination.
Departures take place each month.
All departures are family departures.
All departures are from the America's Cup Avenue Depot in Newport.
All departures are from UK and prices are in pounds sterling.
All departures are prompt.
Every departure is in English and Spanish.
Some departures are only temporary.
Some departures have limited space.
DEPB rates are dependent on basic customs duty and the surcharge.
Dependability can be a rewarding experience.
Dependability Consider the employee's reliability in carrying out instructions.
Dependability creates trust.
Dependability Follows through and keeps commitments.
Dependability is a big issue with recruiters as well.
Dependability is a necessary condition for systems acting in possibly safety critical environments.
Dependability is a requirement and fee is negotiable.
Dependability is a very important trait to have in a relationship of any kind.
Dependability is also a key factor in the mortgage world.
Dependability is an important factor in forage production.
Dependability is an issue to consider.
Dependability is another important aspect.
Dependability is another issue to consider.
Dependability is at the core of user satisfaction.
Dependability is crucial.
Dependability is essential to customer satisfaction.
Dependability is essential.
Dependability is estimated as the joint availability of test probe points over the specified time.
Dependability is everything.
Dependability is key.
Dependability is marginal.
Dependability is one of the most important traits of a successful mentor.
Dependability is required.
Dependability is responsibility
Dependability is responsibility.
Dependability is the hallmark of integrity.
Dependability is the most important element in our operation.
Dependability is the watchword for any public safety installation.
Dependability is thought of as the mark of successful people.
Dependability is used only for general descriptions in non-quantitative terms.
Dependability is virtue.
Dependability is what it s all about.
Dependability means preparation for the unexpected.
Dependability means reliability, maintainability, and availability.
Dependability varies wildly.
Dependable attendance is required.
Dependable controls are sometimes very hard to develop.
Dependable controls can be the hardest part of a project.
Dependable data is essential.
Dependable equipment is essential to good pistol shooting.
Most Dependable Fountains Fill out form to recieve additional information.
Dependable help is appreciated when bull merchandising takes the family away from home.
Dependable instinct is essential for both.
Dependable markers are critical in strip-till applications.
Dependable messaging is at the center of isoft's electronic communication.
Dependable parking is available in the flat turnouts just north of the freeway.
Dependable people follow thru on promises they make.
Dependable rainfall is needed for seeding when the soil is still dry before the onset of the rains.
Dependable results require careful sampling.
Dependable routines help toddlers control their impulses and tolerate frustration.
Dependable snowfalls mean magnificent powder days.
Dependable stimuli trigger dependable behavior.
Dependable supervision allows learning to occur in a safe and fun envioronment.
Some dependable systems use group communication as their communication layer.
Dependable transportation is on hand at all times.
Dependable transportation is one of the greatest needs the poor encounter.
Dependable transportation is required.
Dependable volunteers help the staff as an extra set of hands.
All dependant children have a legal right to be financially supported by their parents.
Dependant coverage is also available for an additional cost.
Dependant coverage is available through pre-tax deductions.
Dependant coverage is optional at minimal cost.
Dependant fields have requirements for content which depend on other fields.
A dependant is an acquirer
Dependants allowances .
Dependants are unlikely to find paid employment.
Dependants make up the rest of the population.
Dependence also has a price.
Dependence arises as tolerance develops.
Dependence begets dependence.
Dependence can also occur, making it difficult to discontinue use.
Dependence can be a source of conflict.
Dependence can be psychological or physical, or both.
Dependence can be psychological, physical or both.
Dependence can come in two forms - physical and psychological.
Dependence can create hostility.
Dependence can develop as a psychological craving.
Dependence can impose a tremendous cost on society.
Dependence can lead to a variety of health, money, legal, work and relationship problems.
Dependence can occur within nine to twelve months after initial use.
Dependence develops with chronic use.
Dependence grows and opportunity wanes with each passing year.
Dependence happens gradually with ongoing use.
Dependence here is viewed as a purely psychological phenomenon.
Dependence implies a degree of immaturity and a limited capacity to employ reason in making choices.
Dependence indicates imperfection and weakness.
Dependence involves withdrawal symptoms.
Dependence is a common danger, which can occur after as short a time as three months.
Dependence is a definite theme in the play.
Dependence is a key feature of addiction.
Dependence is a state
Dependence is a trait that all small children share.
Dependence is an easy, soft kind of life.
Dependence is an imperfection.
Dependence is associated with cravings, steadily increased doses and difficulty in stopping use.
Dependence is both physical and psychological.
Dependence is endemic to independent filmmaking.
Dependence is medical conditions.
Dependence is more severe.
Dependence is states.
Dependence is the inability to use our own reasoning.
Dependence is treatable and can be avoided.
Dependence is weak, disreputable, and disgraceful.
Dependence isa state.
Dependence leads to a poor quality of life, increased health costs, and increased deaths.
Dependence lies on the joint community and our sister services for their logistical support.
Dependence means that amphetamines become central to a person's life.
Dependence means that the drug becomes central to a person s life.
Dependence occurs as a psychological craving and physical withdrawal process.
Dependence occurs when someone is unable to control their use of a drug.
Dependence Performs assessments and helps with placement in treatment centers.
Dependence puts the responsbility for self-value on the object of the love.
Dependence states that entities exist through and for the support of other entities.
Some dependence affects juvenile survival.
Some dependence affects survival.
Some dependence comes from cell fusion experiments.
Some dependence comes from experiments.
Some dependence explains observations.
Some dependence poses problems.
Dependency graphs are formal representations of dependency relations.
Dependency needs are so strong, they create denial.
Dependency networks are types of decision trees that utilize Boolean logical approaches.
Dependency relations are the only rules that are used.
Dependency theory is an economic worldview.
Dependencies are transitive.
Dependencies can be either filenames, or other targets.
Dependencies Gets little snippets of data, determined by the value parameter, from a data template.
Dependencies impose constraints on the parallel execution of instructions.
Dependencies mean either nothing or everything.
Dependencies serve two functions.
Dependency allows an observer object to register an interest in ALL aspects of another object.
Dependency can feel like a sorrowful thing.
Dependency can occur.
Dependency causes the individual to fall into poverty.
Dependency does influence a relationship negatively.
Dependency has advantages, but no woman is guaranteed dependency for life.
Dependency influences outcomes.
Dependency involves reliance on the decedent in order to meet living expenses.
Dependency is a concept of intercultural relationships conditioned by inequality.
Dependency is a factual determination.
Dependency is a file that is used as input to create the target.
Dependency is a one way street.
Dependency is a relationship among variables.
Dependency is a state
Dependency is a terribly destructive force.
Dependency is bad for the donors, who give and give, and then are asked to give again.
Dependency is characterised by an attitude of helplessness and an abdication of responsibility.
Dependency is defined by certain basic characteristics.
Dependency is difficult for someone who has been independent.
Dependency is discouraged.
Dependency is encouraged.
Dependency is simply a title .
Dependency is simply a title.
Dependency is unattractive.
Dependency is when one variable is influenced to an extent by another variable.
Dependency isa state.
Dependency raises a special range of moral challenges for older people.
Dependency results in loss of individuality and self-expression.
Dependency still is a large issue in certain countries.
Dependency stresses exchange of goods and trading relationships as the basis of exploitation.
Dependency takes places.
All dependencies require completion of the segments listed, unless otherwise specified.
Most dependencies are still valid.
Most dependency takes places.
Some dependencies are auto-ignored.
Some dependency leads to bias.
Dependent benefits are available for all other benefit plans.
Dependent cards are available.
Dependent care leave.
Dependent care needs significantly affect the current and future Texas workforce.
Dependent care needs significantly impact the current as well as the future workforce.
Dependent care serves as a needed and responsible supplement to family care.
Dependent cells are cells containing formulas with references to the original cells.
Dependent child ceases to be a dependent under definition of employer's plan.
Dependent children are also eligible.
Dependent children are eligible for a half-tuition benefit for undergraduate work only.
Dependent children are eligible for preventive services only.
Dependent children are eligible for survivor benefits.
Dependent children fear abandonment, helplessness, and death.
Dependent children feel less adequate and are less able to try to cope by themselves.
Dependent children get six single economy class flights per year.
Dependent children incur no service pr repayment obligation.
Dependent children lose fathers.
Dependent children need attention.
Some dependent children receive benefits.
Some dependent children receive monthly benefits.
A dependent clause is a clause
Dependent clauses are clauses.
Dependent clauses are often necessary to set up effective relationships between ideas.
Dependent clauses introduced by the following conjunctions sometimes require the subjunctive .
Dependent clauses require commas to be set off from the main clause.
Dependent commuters have their own budget as well as independent commuters.
Dependent conjunctions indicate the clause's relationship to the rest of the sentence.
Dependent covenants are obligations assumed as consideration for the other party s promises.
Dependent coverage assumes employer contribution.
Dependent coverage includes medical, dental and vision only.
Dependent coverage is also available at a reasonable cost.
Dependent coverage is also available at an additional charge.
Dependent coverage is also available at group rates.
Dependent coverage is also available at the expense of the employee.
Dependent coverage is also available at various costs.
Dependent coverage is also available for an additional charge.
Dependent coverage is also available for an additional cost.
Dependent coverage is also available for an additional fee.
Dependent coverage is also available on an optional basis as of the employee's eligibility date.
Dependent coverage is also available.
Dependent coverage is available and can be paid for at a minimal cost to the employee.
Dependent coverage is available and can be paid for with a pre-tax, payroll deduction.
Dependent coverage is available as a payroll deduction.
Dependent coverage is available at an additional cost.
Dependent coverage is available at group rates.
Dependent coverage is available at reduced levels of benefits.
Dependent coverage is available at the employee s cost by payroll deduction.
Dependent coverage is available at the employee's expense .
Dependent coverage is available at the employee's expense at a group rate.
Dependent coverage is available at the employee's expense.
Dependent coverage is available at the employee's expenses.
Dependent coverage is available at the expense of the employee.
Dependent coverage is available at the individual's expense.
Dependent coverage is available at the participant's expense.
Dependent coverage is available for all medical plans.
Dependent coverage is available for an additional cost.
Dependent coverage is available for eligible dependents at a reduced premium.
Dependent coverage is available for the employee to purchase.
Dependent coverage is available on all supplemental life coverage.
Dependent coverage is available through payroll deduction.
Dependent coverage is available to dependents of the above students.
Dependent coverage is available with premiums paid by the staff member through salary deductions.
Dependent coverage is available.
Dependent coverage is based on the divorce decree.
Dependent coverage is defined as family coverage or two-person coverage.
Dependent coverage is effective the same day as employee coverage.
Dependent coverage is fully optional.
Dependent coverage is optional and can be purchased by the member.
Dependent coverage is optional on all plans.
Dependent coverage is optional to the employee.
Dependent coverage is optional.
Dependent coverage is paid by the employee.
Dependent coverage is paid for by the employee.
Dependent coverage is terminated at the time of retirement.
Dependent coverage See the guide to eligibility for details.
Dependent coverage starts and expires concurrently with that of the insured student.
Some dependent coverage is also available at the employee's expense.
Dependent districts have no power to tax or set levels of service.
Dependent education is still under consideration.
Dependent eligibility expires concurrently with that of the insured student.
Dependent entities depend on other entities for their identification.
Some dependent factors impact additional parameters.
Some dependent factors impact demographic parameters.
Some dependent factors impact parameters.
Some dependent factors limit growth.
Dependent fledglings give a flat chip or tsip at intervals.
Dependent insurance is available at additional cost.
Dependent insurance is available at the employee's expense.
Dependent insurance is available through payroll deduction at the following monthly costs.
Dependent life is available without enrollment in family medical or dental.
Dependent lovers make their partners the center of the universe.
Dependent marking is done with the help of case suffixes.
Dependent offspring compete for limit resources.
Dependent offspring compete for resources.
Dependent people find it very difficult to stop or reduce drinking.
Dependent people manipulate others.
Dependent persons are pleasant, arousable, and submissive.
Dependent personalities are one of the most frequently reported disorders in counseling centers.
Dependent plans are also available on an optional basis.
Dependent polymerases have functions.
Most dependent polymerases have functions.
Dependent reaction produces oxygen.
Dependent reaction requires energy.
Most dependent reaction produces oxygen.
Most dependent reaction requires energy.
Some dependent reaction occurs in membranes.
Some dependent reaction occurs on membranes.
Some dependent reaction requires light.
Some dependent reaction takes places.
Dependent relationships are incomplete.
Dependent relationships can form in opposite and same sex friendships.
Dependent relationships put people in boxes.
Dependent reward is our thought and conduct.
More dependent smokers rely more heavily on sensory cues than do less dependent smokers.
Dependent spouses can work full time.
Dependent steps force one leg up when the other pushes down.
Dependent students acquire the resident status of their parents .
Dependent students complete the red and white areas of the form.
Dependent students have slightly lower budgets.
Dependent students have to provide their parents' income tax returns.
Dependent tables have the same number as their parents', with a letter appended.
Most dependent territories have their own elected government.
Dependent types is the ability to define types which depend on terms.
Dependent units rollback their state and in effect recall their invalid messages.
A dependent variable is a variable
Dependent variable is component of an experiment that changes due to the experimental variable.
Dependent variable is the amount they grow.
Dependent variables are results, reactions.
Dependent variables are variables.
Dependent variables measure the results of the experiment.
Dependent variables reveal the effects that independent variables have on behavior.
Dependent visits are limited to active duty members serving an unaccompanied tour.
Dependent words show the relationship between a dependent clause and an independent one.
A dependent is an acquirer
Dependents also are eligible.
Dependents apply simultaneously, on a separate form and with an additional fee.
Dependents are also eligible for the service and are encouraged to use it.
Dependents are also eligible.
Dependents are eligible after one year continuous full-time employment.
Dependents are eligible for many of the same benefits offered to the faculty member.
Dependents are eligible to be insured for life insurance on the same date the employee is insured.
Dependents are eligible to participate in the health and dental plans.
Dependents are eligible to purchase only optional coverage purchased by the student.
Dependents are individuals who are supported by either a unit or digit.
Dependents are other members of the family who are also enrolled.
Dependents are welcome.
Dependents can remain covered under the university's plans.
Dependents can travel with the sponsor or after the sponsor.
Dependents can work with INS permission.
Dependents follow the usual guest policy.
Dependents have conversion privileges which are explained in detail in the certificate of insurance.
Dependents have no specific requirements as to the level of their attendance.
Dependents rely upon and look to their benefactor for protection and shelter.
Dependents remain in status so long as the student continues to remain a full time student.
Dependents simply present too many distractions for successful home work.
Most dependents are males and are found in the hard science academic majors.
Depersonalisation is both a symptom and an illness.
Depersonalisation is dissociative disorder
Depersonalization also occurs in the nonclinical population.
Depersonalization involves an alteration in the individual's sense of self.
Depersonalization is a sense of unreality about oneself .
Depersonalization is a sense of unreality about oneself.
Depersonalization is dissociative disorder
Depersonalization is easier in the larger cities, and a very helpful survival tool.
Depersonalization is objectification.
Depersonalization is reinforced by media, advertising, television.
A depicted object is a physical entity
Most depicted objects require outlining, especially in small and thin details.
A depiction is a process
Depiction is an utterly familiar practice which proves hard to analyse.
Depiction isa description.
Many depictions show a comparatively short block mounted directly on the helmet.
Some depictions show crops.
Depictive representations differ from propositional representations in almost every respect.
Depigmentation is a colouration
Depigmentation is both good and bad.
Depigmentation is common due to basal layer melanocyte damage.
Depigmentation is useful in dark skinned patients.
Depilation is a condition
Depilation is painless, hair regrowth is slower than with shaving.
Depilation is the removal of hair from the surface of the skin.
Depilatory creams can irritate and cause dermatitis.
Depilatory creams last a little longer as they remove the hair from just below the skin s surface.
Depilatory creams remove hair.
A depilatory is a compound
Depilatories are chemical hair removal formulas that are relatively inexpensive.
Depilatories are chemicals that dissolve the hair so that it can be wiped or washed away.
Depilatories are chemicals which dissolve the protein in the hair, causing the hair to fall out.
Depilatories are compounds.
Depilatories are cosmetics.
Depilatories are usually cheap acidic products which literally melt the hair.
Depilatories contain irritating chemicals, and can also be time consuming and messy.
Depilatories produce rounded hair tips which are less likely to penetrate the side of the follicle.
Depilatories thus permit hair regrowth.
Depilatories work like chemical razors, dissolving the hair at the skin's surface.
Some depilatories increase acne and the number of ingrown hairs.
Depleted fisheries have ripple effects throughout the entire marine ecosystem.
Depleted populations require many years to recover.
Depleted portions are replaced quickly.
Depleted soil is rebuilt.
Depletion allowances are only applicable from suppliers to wholesalers.
Depletion region expands with reverse bias.
Depletion regions present barriers.
Depletion regions present energy barriers.
Depletion affects development.
Depletion can develop rapidly with severe diarrhea, especially if associated with vomiting.
Depletion follows excess.
Depletion is a decrease in resource commodity to fulfil the needs of production and consumption.
Depletion is a reduction
Depletion is caused by production.
Depletion is decrease.
Depletion is serious.
Depletion is taken over the period of time that mineral is being extracted.
Depletion is the process of allocating the cost of the natural resources to the units removed.
Depletion is used to allocate the cost of the asset to the period in which it is consumed.
Depletion is when they are a lot of trees cut down.
Depletion isa reduction.
Depletion leads to irregularity.
Depletion means death.
Depletion takes places.
Depletion threatens existence.
Most depletion affects development.
Most depletion is caused by production.
Most depletion leads to irregularity.
Most depletion takes places.
Most depletion threatens existence.
Some depletion affects productivity.
Some depletion causes seizures.
Some depletion explains patterns.
Some depletion has causes.
Some depletion has effects.
Some depletion has significant effects.
Some depletion is caused by bacterial decomposition.
Some depletion is caused by decomposition.
Some depletion leads to activations.
Some depletion provides evidence.
Deplorable things happen to children every day at the hands of their parents.
Deployable objects change the gameplay as well.
Deployable radiators use flexible heat pipes, which increase packageable radiator area.
Deployable squadrons show declines in manning in both junior and very senior paygrades.
Deployment diagrams address the static deployment view of a system.
Deployment diagrams Show how large modules in the system hook up.
Deployment diagrams show the configuration of run-time processing elements.
Deployment diagrams show the physical configurations of software and hardware.
Deployment optimization is a key feature of our service.
Deployment pricing varies depending on number of users.
Deployment testing is primarily a methodology to isolate and correct faults.
Deployment time is about a minute and pictogram instructions clearly and simply explain correct use.
Deployment begins with installing the application into a container.
Deployment can be a stressful time, with physical as well as emotional symptoms.
Deployment can be as easy as copying the assembly to the client computer.
Deployment can occur rapidly - often in as little as six to eight weeks.
Deployment comprises application and network access, secure e-mail and digital signatures.
Deployment continues on an as needed basis.
Deployment deals with how that approach is implemented throughout the organization.
Deployment help line page, locator service, history, news.
Deployment includes such activities as installation, configuration, activation, and update.
Deployment involves pressurization and thermal cure.
Deployment is a big challenge.
Deployment is a key consideration in the development of new technologies.
Deployment is a trickier proposition than implementation.
Deployment is affected by means of a spring loaded pilot chute.
Deployment is as critical as process definition.
Deployment is as easy as plug and play.
Deployment is cheaper than other authentication mechanisms.
Deployment is critical in volunteer ministry .
Deployment is currently in process.
Deployment is easy.
Deployment is essentially the result of a small, contained explosion.
Deployment is forbidden.
Deployment is no trivial task, however.
Deployment is one of the first stages of the provisioning process.
Deployment is one thing, frequent moves another.
Deployment is our way of life.
Deployment is preparation
Deployment is preparation.
Deployment is quick, easy and effective.
Deployment is rapid.
Deployment is relatively easy and cost-effective.
Deployment is scheduled to begin within the next few days.
Deployment is simple, since configuring machines with client libraries is unnecessary.
Deployment is simple.
Deployment is the easy part.
Deployment is the first stage of equipment provisioning.
Deployment is the second issue.
Deployment is way out in front of standards development, and rightly so, say industry observers.
Deployment is worldwide.
Deployment is years away.
Deployment needs attention.
Deployment requires ready availability of skilled professionals.
Deployment takes less than two hours and administration is hassle- free.
Deployment takes only hours, as compared to months for tethered technologies.
Deployments are a good test of teamwork and a lot of fun.
Deployments are no suprize eather.
Deployments are six months long.
Deployments can also be aboard ships and other seagoing platforms.
Deployments can also take place on demand, at any time.
Deployments can be stressful because of changes in location and culture as well as long duty-hours.
Deployments can be very aggravating but, with the bad, the good can develop.
Deployments can choose the appropriate solution.
Deployments generally involve high-risk searches, arrest warrants, and barricaded subjects.
Deployments generally last two to four weeks, depending on season.
Deployments play an essential role in maintaining national and international relationships.
Deployments present unique and difficult challenges.
Deployments tend to bring people closer together because they're away from their families.
Deployments vary in strength from single military advisors to full operational deployments.
Every deployment comes with a high cost to equipment and personnel.
More deployments arrive, and a double line of riot-equipped cops blocks the street to the west.
Most deployments involve smaller force structure.
Some deployments suggest a cyclonic eddy which migrates towards the western entrance.
Depolarization is a recombination of the positive and negative ions.
Depolarization is an effect
Depolarization is small if .
Depolarization is the signal that initiated contraction by the atrial myocardium.
Depolarization is used to determine the nature of hydrometeors present.
Depolarization propagates through cardiac muscle very rapidly.
A deponent is a witness
All deponents are residents of the Netherlands.
Many deponents never review their transcribed deposition testimony.
Depopulation is an environmental condition
Depopulation is planned for all susceptible animals within that zone.
Depopulation is the most effective method of eradicating the disease.
Deportation can also happen inside a country .
Deportation can also happen inside a country.
Deportation implies legal proceedings and respect for human rights.
Deportation is a violation of civil, constitutional, and even internation law.
Deportation is an explusion of an alien who is already in the U.S. either legally or illegally.
Deportation is an international affair.
Deportation is at the traveller's expense.
Deportation is dangerous for women with children, even when the case ends up in a U.S. court.
Deportation is ejections.
Deportation is in any case a notoriously unreliable weapon.
Deportation is issuing.
Deportation is only one possible collateral consequence of a guilty plea.
Deportation is ordered by an immigration judge without any punishment being imposed or contemplated.
Deportation is rejection
Deportation waits around every corner.
Deportations are about to resume.
Deportations are imminent . . .
Deportations cause a lot of anxiety and in terms of size, are negligible.
Deportation often causes the U.S. citizen children of aliens to leave the United States.
A deportee is a foreigner
Deportees equals profit.
Deportees lose the right to travel for the United States for a minimum of five years.
A deposit account is a savings account
Deposit accounts are also available.
Deposit accounts are available for frequent requestors.
Deposit accounts are available for frequent users.
Deposit accounts are available.
Deposit accounts provide a convenient method for order payment.
All deposit accounts are limited to New Jersey residents only.
All deposit accounts are variable rate accounts.
All deposit accounts require an initial deposit.
Deposit bottles are pretty much a thing of the past.
Deposit feeders are an important link between the benthos and the sediment.
Deposit feeders create turbid water by reworking sediments muddy organic seds.
Deposit feeders ingest sediment and extract food particles.
Deposit feeders ingest sediment and then extract the food.
Some deposit feeders ingest particles.
Some deposit feeders ingest sand.
Deposit insurance is a critical element for achieving financial stability.
Deposit insurance is a fundamental part of the financial industry safety net.
Deposit insurance is a simple idea - with profound results.
Deposit insurance is a subject of complex technicalities and of broad public policies.
Deposit insurance is essential to the fabric of that safety net.
Deposit insurance is inexpensive, and it is paid for by the banks.
Deposit insurance is merely a government subsidy to the banks, and as such, illegitimate.
Deposit insurance is one of the few certainties in an uncertain financial world.
Deposit insurance is one way.
Deposit insurance is particularly perverse because it rewards bad banks more than good banks.
Deposit insurance is provided to protect the general public against systemic risk.
Deposit money is refunded only if teacher cancels class.
All deposit rates are subject to change without notice.
A deposit is a natural phenomenon
Deposit accounts as deposit of securities.
Deposit accounts subject to liens.
Deposit accounts to reimburse for moving and interviewing.
Deposit accounts, such as savings accounts and CDs.
Deposit amounts on mobile homes are the same whether a person owns or rents the mobile home.
Deposit applies to last days of reservation.
Deposit applies to last days stay.
Deposit apply to the last night of the initial reservation.
Deposit covers nonrefundable shipping charges.
Deposit depends on previous credit rating.
Deposit depends upon the number of people.
Deposit equals one month's rent.
Deposit is a credit card guarantee or advance payment.
Deposit is a credit card guarantee.
Deposit is a flat fee, while the hire charge is per week of equipment usage.
Deposit is a one-night reservation fee.
Deposit is accepted in various forms such as gold bars, coins, jewellery etc.
Deposit is applicable to fulfillment of entire length of stay.
Deposit is applicable towards the final bill.
Deposit is applied to first and last two nights of reservation.
Deposit is applied to first night of reservation .
Deposit is applied to first or last day of confirmed reservations.
Deposit is applied to full fee when nanny is hired.
Deposit is applied to last days of reservation and is forfeited in case of early departure.
Deposit is applied to last days of reservations and is forfeited in case of early departure.
Deposit is applied to last days of stay and balance is due on arrival.
Deposit is applied to last day's stay, balance of payment is due upon arrival.
Deposit is applied to last days stay.
Deposit is applied to last night of reservation.
Deposit is applied to last three days of stay only.
Deposit is applied to the final day of the reservation.
Deposit is applied to the final night's stay.
Deposit is applied to the last night of the scheduled stay.
Deposit is applied to the last night of the stay, per advance reservation.
Deposit is applied to tuition costs.
Deposit is applied toward total amount of services.
Deposit is billed.
Deposit is collected.
Deposit is corrosion resistant and has excellent release and wear properties.
Deposit is credited to last night.
Deposit is credited to the cost of the camp.
Deposit is due at the photo session.
Deposit is due one week prior to the event.
Deposit is due to hold exhibition.
Deposit is due to reserve cabin and guarantee the price.
Deposit is due upon registration.
Deposit is due upon reservation.
Deposit is due within ten days of the booking.
Deposit is equal to amount of full reservation - credit card is processed immediately.
Deposit is equal to one night's stay.
Deposit is exempt from capital gains made through trading or redemption.
Deposit is first and last night's lodging or credit card guarantee.
Deposit is first night's lodging.
Deposit is first nights payment or credit card.
Deposit is first night's payment.
Deposit is first night's rate.
Deposit is first night's rent.
Deposit is first night's stay, payable with check or credit card.
Deposit is first night's stay.
Deposit is for a specific period.
Deposit is for all seating in first several rows around the court.
Deposit is for all seating locations except club seats and premium location seats.
Deposit is forfeit by cancellation.
Deposit is forfeit for no-shows.
Deposit is forfeited for cancellation on shorter notice.
Deposit is forfeited if guest arrives after first day of reservation or departs before final day.
Deposit is full payment at the time of booking.
Deposit is fully refundable upon successful completion of workshop requirements.
Deposit is fully refundable with one hour notice of cancellation or number of people change.
Deposit is half of stay and is required to secure a reservation.
DeposIt is handy and stays out of the way.
Deposit is held with a credit card.
Deposit is how much of the artificial color is deposited on and in the hair shaft.
Deposit is non refundable with less than seven day notice of individual cancellation.
Deposit is non refundable.
Deposit is non transferrable to future reservations.
Deposit is nonrefundable .
Deposit is non-refundable and applied toward the total workshop balance.
Deposit is non-refundable but transferable.
Deposit is non-refundable except in cases of extreme emergency.
Deposit is non-refundable if booking is canceled.
Deposit is non-refundable if cancellation is made past cancellation deadline.
Deposit is non-refundable if rental is cancelled.
Deposit is non-refundable if troop cancels less than five days prior to workshop.
Deposit is non-refundable once construction starts on custom orders.
Deposit is nonrefundable two weeks prior to each expedition start date.
Deposit is non-refundable unless there are no openings.
Deposit is non-refundable upon cancellation.
Deposit is non-refundable without proper notice.
Deposit is non-refundable, but can be applied to any event within a year of original booking date.
Deposit is non-refundable, but is transferable to another date.
Deposit is non-refundable, if refund is requested less than two weeks prior to rental.
Deposit is non-refundable.
Deposit is nonrefundable.
Deposit is non-transferable.
Deposit is of organic origin and due to bacterial reduction.
Deposit is one day's lodging.
Deposit is one day's stay.
Deposit is one months rent.
Deposit is one night minimum.
Deposit is one night.
Deposit is one night's charge.
Deposit is one night's lodging.
Deposit is one night's payment.
Deposit is one night's rate per room.
Deposit is one night's rate.
Deposit is one night's stay for each room booked.
Deposit is one night's stay in advance, or reservations can be held with a credit card.
Deposit is one night's stay in advance.
Deposit is one night's stay with credit card.
Deposit is one night's stay, payable with check.
Deposit is one night's stay.
Deposit is one or two night's rate depending on length of stay.
Deposit is payment for one night's stay.
Deposit is payment in full upon booking.
Deposit is payment of first night's stay.
Deposit is refundable if cancellation is given with minimum seven days notice.
Deposit is refundable if cancellation is made one full week in advance.
Deposit is refundable if notice of cancellation is received at least one week prior to workshop.
Deposit is refundable if notified two weeks prior to arrival date.
Deposit is refundable if reservation is canceled more than one week prior to date of reservation.
Deposit is refundable provided all the policies and conditions are followed.
Deposit is refundable up to fourteen days prior to arrival.
Deposit is refundable up to fourteen days prior to the seminar.
Deposit is refundable up to one week in advance.
Deposit is refundable upon return of key.
Deposit is refundable upon vet notice of procedure.
Deposit is refundable when boat is returned on time in same condition as checked out.
Deposit is refundable with a two week notice of cancelation before the hunting date.
Deposit is refundable with a two-week notice of cancellation.
Deposit is refundable with at least one week cancellation notice.
Deposit is refundable with written notice to remove from waiting list.
Deposit is refundable within five days of reservation.
Deposit is refundable, only if cancellation is made at least one week prior to the reservation.
Deposit is refundable.
Deposit is refunded after graduation if all keys are returned and no damages are present.
Deposit is refunded after the event only if all conditions of the contract are met .
Deposit is refunded at the time of return.
Deposit is refunded if reservation is filled.
Deposit is refunded immediately upon return of the vehicle in clean and undamaged condition.
Deposit is refunded only if cancellation is made more than ten days prior to reservation date.
Deposit is refunded when all checked out materials are returned AND the account is closed .
Deposit is refunded when equipment is returned.
Deposit is refunded when vehicle is returned in good condition.
Deposit is required at booking.
Deposit is required at the time of booking.
Deposit is required at the time of reservation.
Deposit is required at time of registration.
Deposit is required by credit card or personal check.
Deposit is required for all rentals.
Deposit is required on ALL rentals.
Deposit is required prior to approval.
Deposit is required to confirm reservation.
Deposit is required to hold accommodations.
Deposit is required to hold reservation.
Deposit is required to reserve a space.
Deposit is required to secure reservation.
Deposit is required two weeks prior to day of arrival.
Deposit is required when placing an order.
Deposit is required with reservation.
Deposit is required with reservations.
Deposit is required.
Deposit is returned following checkout.
Deposit is returned upon check-out and inspection of cabin.
Deposit is room paid in full for reservation guarantee.
Deposit is subtracted from first contract invoice to client.
Deposit is taken upon making the reservation.
Deposit is the amount of one night's lodging.
Deposit is the first night's stay, secured with a credit card.
Deposit is the first night's stay.
Deposit is the town's only incorporated village.
Deposit is to be received one week after reservation is made.
Deposit is transferable if cancellation is made up to seven days prior to arrival.
Deposit is virtually slag free and requires little cleaning.
Deposit is voluntary or necessary.
Deposit leaves in the compost pile where they can do some good.
Deposit paid before service is activated.
Deposit proceeds in the bank or school safe.
Deposit refuse in proper containers.
Deposit varies according to payment history.
Deposit varies depending on group size and length of stay.
Deposit varies from company to company, as does method of payment, book in advance.
Deposit varies on amount of local and long distance service.
Deposit varies with boat.
Deposits also can occur within the kidneys, leading to chronic renal failure .
Deposits also exist in Tasmania and the Northern Territory.
Deposits also occur in Arizona, California, Colorado, Wyoming, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah.
Deposits amount necessary to redeem taxes interest with the County Treasurer.
Deposits appear in chronological order.
Deposits appear waterlain.
Deposits apply in full to the purchase price.
Deposits apply to first and last night of the reservation.
Deposits apply to last day of stay.
Deposits apply to last night of reservation.
Deposits apply to the last day of the reservation.
Deposits apply to the last night of the initial reservation.
Deposits apply towards final payment.
Deposits apply towards first night.
Deposits Applying to live in an apartment requires a Residential life application fee and a deposit.
Deposits are a constant source of complaints.
Deposits are a general obligation of the bank, and deposits are commingled with bank capital.
Deposits are absolutely non-refundable.
Deposits are also compressively stressed up to eight metal turnovers.
Deposits are available the next day.
Deposits are buildups.
Deposits are deductible but non- refundable.
Deposits are ductile, low stressed, and readily accept subsequent coatings of chrome.
Deposits are due at the time of application.
Deposits are due at the time of registration.
Deposits are due at the time of reservation confirmation.
Deposits are due at time of registration to reserve space on the course.
Deposits are due immediately to hold a place in the workshop.
Deposits are due in advance.
Deposits are due one week prior to visit.
Deposits are due prior to the commencement of the season.
Deposits are due tonight.
Deposits are due two weeks in advance and are non-refundable.
Deposits are due upon the signing of the contract.
Deposits are due within a month of booking a place.
Deposits are due within seven days of making a reservation.
Deposits are equally acceptable in exchange, and so equally as liquid as cash, for most purposes.
Deposits are found in South America throughout the Andes mountain chain.
Deposits are free at all the banks.
Deposits are fully refundable due to weather cancellations.
Deposits are fully refundable if no purchases are made.
Deposits are fully refundable thereafter only if the space is filled.
Deposits are fully refundable up to two months prior to sailing.
Deposits are fully refundable when cancellations are received ten days prior to arrival.
Deposits are funds.
Deposits are generally non-refundable.
Deposits are generally of high density and have good adhesive strength.
Deposits are guarantees.
Deposits are how banks survive.
Deposits are known to occur in strata from as far back as the Archaean eon .
Deposits are limited to small areas in the neck and upper back.
Deposits are machinable and have high strength.
Deposits are non - refundable .
Deposits are non - refundable unless conditions below apply.
Deposits are non - refundable.
Deposits are non refundable if a reservation is cancelled with less than two months notice.
Deposits are non refundable once airline tickets have been purchased.
Deposits are non refundable, but can be used for a trip at a later date in the same year.
Deposits are non refundable.
Deposits are non- returnable.
Deposits are non- transferable from session to session.
Deposits are non-refundable .
Deposits are nonrefundable after that time.
Deposits are non-refundable after the announced registration deadline.
Deposits are nonrefundable after the application deadline.
Deposits are non-refundable and are applied to balance of completed site.
Deposits are non-refundable and are due within two weeks of booking a hunt.
Deposits are nonrefundable and nontransferable.
Deposits are non-refundable and redeemable for site merchandise credit only.
Deposits are nonrefundable as well as nontransferable to another person's registration balance.
Deposits are non-refundable but can be transferred to a future class.
Deposits are nonrefundable but they are transferrable to another program within a year.
Deposits are non-refundable but transferable to another individual taking that person's place.
Deposits are non-refundable for cancellations made within the above stated cancellation periods.
Deposits are non-refundable for cancellations.
Deposits are non-refundable for counties receiving their first choice in camp dates.
Deposits are non-refundable if canceled.
Deposits are non-refundable if cancelled by client.
Deposits are non-refundable if less notice is given.
Deposits are non-refundable if less notice is received.
Deposits are non-refundable if reservation is canceled after that time.
Deposits are non-refundable in all other situations.
Deposits are non-refundable in the event of cancellation or non arrival.
Deposits are non-refundable once the date has been mutually agreed upon.
Deposits are non-refundable or transferable.
Deposits are non-refundable thereafter.
Deposits are nonrefundable unless a replacement can be found under the same terms.
Deposits are nonrefundable unless of medical emergencies or a death in the family.
Deposits are nonrefundable unless space can be rebooked.
Deposits are nonrefundable unless the space can be rebooked.
Deposits are non-refundable unless the vacancy is refilled by the canceling party.
Deposits are non-refundable unless transferred to a mutually acceptable substitute party.
Deposits are non-refundable, but they are transferrable to another person or to another travel date.
Deposits are non-refundable.
Deposits are nonrefundable.
Deposits are non-transferable.
Deposits are normally non refundable so insurance is advisable.
Deposits are only a few meters thick in interbasin areas.
Deposits are only refundable for cancellations occurring three days prior to arrival.
Deposits are only refundable with a doctor's medical statement before camp begins.
Deposits are ore.
Deposits are otherwise non-refundable.
Deposits are payable by cash, money order, certified checks or any other certified funds.
Deposits are payable by credit card or check.
Deposits are payable in advance, credited to account upon return of equipment in good condition.
Deposits are payable in cash or money order.
Deposits are payable one semester in advance and are applied to semester charges.
Deposits are refundable after an inspection by our staff.
Deposits are refundable after check out inventory.
Deposits are refundable after one year if all bills have been paid on time.
Deposits are refundable at our discretion.
Deposits are refundable due to poor weather conditions or cancellations one week prior to trip date.
Deposits are refundable if four weeks notice of cancellation is received.
Deposits are refundable if the sale falls through.
Deposits are refundable in accordance with the terms of the deposit agreement.
Deposits are refundable only upon the customer's rejection of a completed order.
Deposits are refundable until one week prior to the event.
Deposits are refundable up to one week before classes begin.
Deposits are refundable up until the class closing date listed on the form.
Deposits are refundable up until the class closing dates.
Deposits are refundable up until the point where tax return preparation begins.
Deposits are refundable upon two weeks advance notice.
Deposits are refundable with a seven day cancellation notice.
Deposits are refundable with a two-week cancellation notice.
Deposits are refundable with one weeks notice of cancellation.
Deposits are refundable with seven days notice.
Deposits are refundable with seven day's notice.
Deposits are refundable with two weeks cancellation notice.
Deposits are refundable within the two week window IF the room can be rebooked.
Deposits are refundable within thirty days of vacating as long as cleaning guidelines are met.
Deposits are refundable.
Deposits are relatively low.
Deposits are renewable annually.
Deposits are required - amount depends on full price.
Deposits are required, however, a portion is returned upon return of the slides in good condition.
Deposits are safe.
Deposits are security against vacancies caused by cancellations or date changes.
Deposits are security.
Deposits are sometimes appropriate.
Deposits are still hard to come by, and many banks continue to seek other funding sources.
Deposits are tax deductible, and investments grow tax-deferred until retirement.
Deposits are the main cause of spoilage of soft contact lenses.
Deposits are the slowly eroded away by the scouring action of the fluid flow.
Deposits are then strained and stored.
Deposits are to be in the form of cash or charge card only.
Deposits are to be made daily by the bookkeeper.
Deposits are to be made separately from the rental fee by cash or credit card.
Deposits are to be paid when the applications are submitted.
Deposits are tougher.
Deposits are toxic to riparian vegetation.
Deposits are transferable but not- refundable.
Deposits are transferable only.
Deposits are transferable to another private week within the same season only.
Deposits are transferable to another private week within the same season.
Deposits are transferable within the season.
Deposits are transferable.
Deposits are unlimited.
Deposits are usually equivalent to one month's rent.
Deposits are usually non-refundable.
Deposits are usually nonrefundable.
Deposits are usually the equivalent of one month's rent for each year of the lease.
Deposits can be by personal cheque, balance in cash, travelers cheque or certified cheque.
Deposits can be cash, check or travelers check.
Deposits can be check or money order.
Deposits can be in the form of cash, personal cheques or credit card imprints.
Deposits can be made by company check, cashiers check or money order.
Deposits can be primary or secondary in nature.
Deposits can have rock fragments that measure one to two meters in diameter.
Deposits can have very low internal stresses.
Deposits can only go to one bank account, either checking or savings.
Deposits can start earning interest right away.
Deposits can take place per cheque as well as in form of securities.
Deposits come off with little effort.
Deposits consist of a prescribed number of large print books which are changed every three months.
Deposits earn dividends from the date of deposit to the date of withdrawal.
Deposits earn from the date of deposit to the date of withdrawal.
Deposits eggs into the soil.
Deposits electrode material onto wafers, using silk screen printing machine.
Deposits excrement in the cats' litter box.
Deposits fluctuate - sometimes greatly.
Deposits gather in the window well, trough or on the window sill.
Deposits have colours resembling coffee and cream.
Deposits have no expiration date and are non-refundable.
Deposits hold space for purchased price and chosen category.
Deposits lock the rental equipment for the customers with reservations.
Deposits made by settlers for surveys to go in part payment of lands.
Deposits made on animals are non-refundable.
Deposits made under either scheme are tax deductible.
Deposits meet the salt spray requirements or federal sep.
Deposits paid by tour participant indicate acceptance of the above terms and conditions.
Deposits paid by tour participants indicate acceptance of the above terms and conditions.
Deposits pigment evenly into the skin.
Deposits preserved in caves can tell geologists about past climates.
Deposits range from very angular and poorly sorted breccia to rounded and sorted sandstone.
Deposits reflect similar growth increases.
Deposits reflect the transgression and regression of the seas over the continents.
Deposits represent a gain to the account and withdrawals a loss.
Deposits result when the crankshaft, turning at high speed, hits the broken connecting rod.
Deposits start to form around the cathode as soon as electrolysis begins.
Deposits still mean something.
Deposits suggest a time of ample and steady water supply.
Deposits then dissolve, are eliminated and circulation is restored.
Deposits vary according to pieces of equipment borrowed.
Deposits vary according to the individual owners.
Deposits vary from home to home, and payments are based on the previous tenant's usage history.
Deposits vary on package tours.
Deposits vary seasonally.
Deposits vary, depending on prior service.
Deposits When confirming bookings, please include one full night's stay per person.
Deposits work the same way.
Deposit usually entails a one-night deposit at least one week ahead with full payment on arrival.
All deposit accounts qualify, including certificates of deposit.
All deposits are also subject to regulations imposed by law.
All deposits are completely refundable if clean up is completed and no damage is incurred.
All deposits are deductible for loss or damage to the car.
All deposits are due at the time of booking an event.
All deposits are due at time of signing the contract.
All deposits are due ten days after booking to hold reservation.
All deposits are due with receipt of signed contract.
All deposits are equal to one night's stay.
All deposits are fully refundable if cancelled seven days or more prior to the arrival date.
All deposits are fully refundable upon return of all equipment.
All deposits are fully refundable.
All deposits are non - redeemable.
All deposits are non refundable two weeks prior to the trip date.
All deposits are non refundable unless the vacancy is filled by the canceling party.
All deposits are non refundable.
All Deposits are non refundable.
All deposits are non- refundable.
All deposits are non-refundable .
All deposits are nonrefundable .
All deposits are non-refundable after camper has been registered.
All deposits are nonrefundable and are applied to the total cost of camp.
All deposits are non-refundable but transferable.
All deposits are nonrefundable due to cancellation.
All deposits are nonrefundable in case of cancellation by the participant.
All deposits are non-refundable No rain checks.
All deposits are non-refundable upon receipt.
All deposits are non-refundable.
All Deposits are non-refundable.
All deposits are nonrefundable.
All deposits are non-transferable to alternate dates.
All deposits are non-transferable to another date.
All deposits are refundable.
All deposits are strictly non-refundable.
All deposits are subject to increase if average usage exceeds flat deposit rate.
All deposits are subject to verification prior to being credited to any account.
All deposits become part of the first quarter s tuition.
All deposits go directly towards spending money.
All deposits paid are non-refundable.
All deposits required are non-refundable in cases of total cancellation.
All deposits update an account immediately.
Any deposit paid by a tenant is refundable unless the contract specifically makes it non-refundable.
Many deposits are inaccessible.
More deposits are scratchy, too.
Most deposits have no visible relationship with plutonic rocks.
Most deposits occur in the western half of the state.
Some deposits are much more potent and effective than others.
Some deposits are on land, and others are under the ocean floor.
Some deposits are subject to restrictions on their use for research.
Some deposits can be as much as the rent.
Depositary ReceiptS represent the common stock of companies from a specific industry segment.
A depositary is a facility
Any depositary can create unsponsored ADRs.
Deposited dust appears nodular with the particles being mostly extracelluar.
Deposited material is supplemented when needed with purchased and gift materials.
Deposited snow is treated as particles and consequently increase the snow transport.
Deposited students receive course registration materials.
Deposition also occurs when a stream or river empties into a large body of still water.
Deposition can cause a lot of things such as dunes, hills, mounds, etc.
Deposition can create oxbow lakes and deltas.
Deposition can occur beneath the ice mass at high pressure or as the glacial ice melts.
Deposition can occur directly on to soil or on to plant surfaces.
Deposition concentrates sediments of the same size together.
Deposition consists of transport to the surface and subsequent attachment.
Deposition goes on throughout life, deposition increases in response to enamel wear.
Deposition has effects.
Deposition is a buildup
Deposition is a process of phase change of a matter from gas phase to solid phase directly.
Deposition is accretion.
Deposition is calculated in milligrams per square meter.
Deposition is caused by glaciers, water, and wind.
Deposition is facilitated by the free energy of formation of a surface compound.
Deposition is interrogations.
Deposition is perhaps the lesser-known cousin of sublimation.
Deposition is the formation of ice or frost on a surface from water vapor.
Deposition is the geological process where material is added to a landform .
Deposition is the process by which new landforms are made when weathered rock or soil is laid down.
Deposition is the process of eroding sediment deposited elsewhere.
Deposition is the transfer of sediment from the sediment load back to the soil mass.
Deposition is when the air pollution hits the earth's surface.
Deposition is worldwide.
Deposition isa accumulation.
Deposition leads to accumulation.
Deposition occurs at the working electrode when the cell is connected to the potentiostat.
Deposition occurs between metalorganic precursors and hydride gasses on a hot substrate surface.
Deposition occurs from large-scale movement of sediment.
Deposition occurs in areas where a pocket of slower moving air forms next to much faster moving air.
Deposition occurs in relatively shallow marine conditions under transgressing seas.
Deposition occurs on the ocean floor.
Deposition occurs primarily during periods of low flow.
Deposition occurs under circumstances.
Deposition occurs under unusual circumstances.
Deposition occurs when a gas becomes a solid without going through the liquid state of matter .
Deposition occurs when a gas becomes a solid without going through the liquid state of matter.
Deposition occurs when sediment from the Mississippi River is deposited into the Gulf of Mexico.
Deposition occurs when sediment in the flow is more than the flow can transport.
Deposition occurs when water in the gas phase deposits onto an ice crystal.
Deposition occurs when water is sluggish and slow.
Deposition refers to buildups.
Deposition requires a significant amount of computer time to simulate.
Deposition takes place as the tube is heated.
Deposition takes place in a vacuum, and that makes the process very slow.
Deposition takes place when materials are dropped or deposited as a result of erosion.
Deposition takes places.
Depositions allow both sides to see what a witness is likely to say during trial.
Depositions allow the attorneys to evaluate their cases and the credibility of witnesses.
Depositions are a discovery tool.
Depositions are a routine part of the legal proceeding.
Depositions are generally very effective in getting to the bottom line of the defendant's policy.
Depositions are in the process of being set.
Depositions are more common than testifying for expert witnesses.
Depositions are more than just pretrial information gathering devices.
Depositions are one of the most crucial information gathering tools of any litigation action.
Depositions are particularly time consuming and costly.
Depositions are the key method of obtaining information that can either make or break the case.
Depositions are to harrass one party into giving in.
Depositions are under oath and generally take place in an attorney's office.
Depositions can go on for days and days, as they sometimes do.
Depositions can last an hour for as little as an hour or, in big cases, can last for days.
Depositions continue in the suit and no date has been set for a trial as of yet.
Depositions have several functions.
Depositions involve a witness answering questions under oath in front of a shorthand reporter.
Depositions Now comes the period of fact finding.
All deposition is forced to occur within the river channel.
All depositions are to be paid for in advance.
More depositions are to be taken next week.
Most deposition has effects.
Most deposition leads to accumulation.
Most deposition occurs under circumstances.
Most deposition occurs under unusual circumstances.
Most deposition refers to buildups.
Most deposition takes places.
Some deposition affects cities.
Some deposition creates habitats.
Some deposition decreases photosynthesis.
Some deposition leads to erosion.
Some deposition occurs at bottoms.
Some deposition provides constant input.
Some deposition provides input.
Some deposition requires energy.
Some deposition triggers foreign body reaction.
Depositional features are features created by the glacier depositing or releasing sediment .
A depositor is an investor
Depositors are free to make transfers abroad without any restrictions.
Depositors are gases.
Depositors are investors.
Depositors are lenders of money to banks.
Depositors are still free to distribute cultures themselves.
Depositors buy a share in a portfolio of leases and get some proportion of the implicit profits.
Depositors can state their own access conditions for their items.
Depositors get their money back if the bank becomes insolvent.
Depositors have no voting rights.
Depositors protest the freezing of their accounts, mostly in dollars.
Depositors receive fixed return, bank uses depositors' funds to buy assets.
Depositors receive interest for their investment and parishes granted loans pay back interest.
Depositors refuse to deposit their money in banks they fear are bankrupt.
Depositors withdraw their cash and put it in the safes.
All depositors feel that way.
All depositors get first choice of available seating in order of deposit.
Depository institutions have deposit insurance.
Depository institutions play a crucial role in an economy.
A depository library is a repository
Depository libraries are partners with the federal government.
Depository libraries can also assist Congressional district offices with inquiries from the public.
Depository libraries continue to serve as centers for access to federal government information.
Depository Libraries Find the nearest government library.
Depository libraries make government distributed information available to the public free of charge.
Depository libraries receive federal government documents for free.
Depository libraries serve both English and French linguistic communities.
All depository libraries provide reference assistance and participate in interlibrary loan.
Many depository libraries post their policies, operations manuals and guides on their Web sites.
Most depository libraries are selective depositories.
A depot is a station
Depot houses a railroad gift shop and a restaurant.
Depot is beside railway station.
Depot is generally well-tolerated with an established safety profile.
Depot is in Rusk State Park.
Depot is on the left.
Depot is on the right.
Depot is pictured in center above.
Depot repair and help desk support.
Depot requires refrigeration.
Depots are increasingly plentiful and conveniently located.
Depots are logistical and maintenance facilities that exist to support the existing infrastructure.
Depots describe a section of the whole repository.
Depots often pose unique development problems.
All Depots have the abiliity to enhance the mixtures with the introduction of liquid magnesium.
Some depots also take plastic containers as shown here.
Depraved imaginations prevail through all the proving.
Depraved nature makes men meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the damned, in utter darkness.
Depravities are real.
Depravity comes from the undisciplined home.
Depravity is defined as an inherent deficiency of moral sense and rectitude.
Depravity is immorality
Depravity is replaced with divinity and reincarnation provides the hope for the next life.
Depravity is the same.
Depravity is transgression.
Depravity means bad, wicked, evil.
Depravity remains a reality for believers - all too real in our thoughts, words, and actions.
Depravity sounds so ugly and our culture prides itself on appearing beautiful.
Deprecated Constructors doclet.
Deprecated elements are ones which have been replaced by newer elements.
Deprecation is disapproval
Deprecation is what happens to functions when they are retire.
Depreciable property includes automobiles, buildings, office equipment and furniture.
Depreciation can be an important issue.
Depreciation can get pretty complicated.
Depreciation clouds the picture.
Depreciation has nothing to do with inflation.
Depreciation has the opposite result.
Depreciation includes amortisation of assets whose useful life is predetermined.
Depreciation increases taxable income.
Depreciation is a complicated topic.
Depreciation is a decrease in value due to wear and tear or age.
Depreciation is a deduction for the wear and tear of a property.
Depreciation is a loss in the value of property over the time the property is being used.
Depreciation is a means of reflecting on an annual basis the costs of capital equipment.
Depreciation is a measure of the loss of value of a machine over time.
Depreciation is a noncash bookkeeping deduction for estimated wear, tear and obsolescence.
Depreciation is a non-cash expense so the accountant made a mistake, in a financial sense.
Depreciation is a non-cash expense to the business or enterprise.
Depreciation is a non-cash expense.
Depreciation is a percentage of value based on year of purchase.
Depreciation is a real expense.
Depreciation is a real loss to the economy.
Depreciation is a real scam.
Depreciation is a reduction
Depreciation is a reimbursable expense under both programs.
Depreciation is a typical difference.
Depreciation is a use of funds.
Depreciation is a very complex subject.
Depreciation is accomplished at the discretion of the project director.
Depreciation is also a hard term for some people to grasp.
Depreciation is an accounting thing.
Depreciation is an allocation of the cost of an asset that has a life longer than one year.
Depreciation is an amount deducted to recover the cost or other basis of a trade or business asset.
Depreciation is an annual allocation of the cost of capital assets.
Depreciation is an annual deduction designed to compensate for the taxpayer's capital investments.
Depreciation is an estimate of loss in value from any cause.
Depreciation is an example.
Depreciation is an expense that is used with the actual cost method.
Depreciation is available to the buyer under hire purchase and to the financier under lease.
Depreciation is based on pooled asset accounts.
Depreciation is based primarily on miles driven.
Depreciation is basically a measure of the loss of in value inherent in the property.
Depreciation is calculated from the date of acquisition.
Depreciation is calculated on the historical cost of an asset.
Depreciation is charged pro rata.
Depreciation is computed on pro-rata basis for assets commissioned during the year.
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset.
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over estimated useful lives of five years.
Depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Depreciation is computes at a straight line basis following Classes.
Depreciation is considered an expense and is listed in an income statement under expenses.
Depreciation is considered to be a fixed cost of production.
Depreciation is decrease.
Depreciation is defined as a loss in value due to any cause.
Depreciation is factored into the valuation of the improvements.
Depreciation is figured on the basis of the home, exclusive of land.
Depreciation is financial loss.
Depreciation is greatest during the first few years of a car's life.
Depreciation is just as possible as appreciation.
Depreciation is mainly applicable to tangible fixed assets.
Depreciation is provided on the straight-line basis over the assets' estimated useful lives.
Depreciation is provided over the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the term of the lease.
Depreciation is provided to write-off the cost of fixed assets over their useful lives.
Depreciation is recalculated to take into account any change in cost.
Depreciation is recorded on plant assets using the straight line method.
Depreciation is recorded on property and equipment using the straight line method.
Depreciation is reported as a direct expense of each function.
Depreciation is shown on the next line.
Depreciation is simple in concept but very complicated in details.
Depreciation is spread over time to cover the life of an asset.
Depreciation is subtracted from all except land.
Depreciation is the allocation of a past cost.
Depreciation is the classic example.
Depreciation is the decrease in value of property over time because of age or wear and tear.
Depreciation is the decrease in vehicle value because of age or wear and tear.
Depreciation is the difference between what it cost new versus what an item is worth now.
Depreciation is the formal term to express the amount of value an item loses over a period of time.
Depreciation is the invisible cost of vehicle ownership.
Depreciation is the largest single cost of owning a car.
Depreciation is the loss in value that develops as an item ages, wears out, or becomes obsolete.
Depreciation is the loss of value that develops as an item ages or wears.
Depreciation is the most common example.
Depreciation is to be deducted as an expense in the profit and loss account.
Depreciation is to follow the assets.
Depreciation is used to determine the actual cash value of property at time of loss.
Depreciation is when an asset s value decreases.
Depreciation matters less than the size of the wind-electric facility.
Depreciation means more rupees for every dollar-worth of interest payment.
Depreciation measures the first change.
Depreciation needs to be funded.
Depreciation occurs on a principal residence when part of it was used and deducted as a home office.
Depreciation provides funds for the eventual replacement of the asset.
Depreciation records the fall in market value of the asset.
Depreciation records the physical deterioration of the asset.
Depreciation reduces a capital item's Basis for figuring gain or loss on a later sale.
Depreciation reduces the amount of money a company makes.
Depreciation represents the annual allocation of the cost of capital assets.
Depreciation represents the cost to the business of assets wearing out.
Depreciation runs as memo only.
Depreciation saves money on today's taxes but reduces the owner's basis in the property.
Depreciation starts when the chargeback is established for the remaining useful life.
Depreciation then becomes a consideration.
Depreciation using the prime cost method is calculated as a percentage of the cost of the equipment.
All depreciation belongs to the customer and the asset is shown on the customer's balance sheet.
Depredation is aggression
Depredation permits issued fish farmers require the use of shotguns with steel shot.
Depress patients benefit from counsel.
Most depress patients benefit from counsel.
Depressant drugs are either sedatives, which cause relaxation, or hypnotics, which induce sleep.
Depressant drugs can cause effects closely resembling alcohol intoxication.
Depressant drugs slow down the activity of the central nervous system.
A depressant is a street drug
A depressant is medicine
Depressants act as stimulants during episodes.
Depressants are addictive.
Depressants are drugs that cause sedation by depressing the central nervous system.
Depressants are drugs which slow down the central nervous system.
Depressants are medicine.
Depressants are sedatives that act on the nervous system.
Depressants are substances that cause the body functions to slow down.
Depressants can be both physically and psychologically addictive.
Depressants combined with alcohol can be lethal.
Depressants have various modes of action and effects.
Depressants Included are barbituates, methaqualone, and tranquilizers.
Depressants produce rapid tolerance.
Depressants produce relaxed, calm feelings.
Depressants relax muscles and make people feel sleepy or like their head is stuffed.
Depressants relax muscles, reduce the heart rate, slow breathing, and lower blood pressure.
Depressants slow down neural function, and stimulants speed it up.
Depressants slow down the activities of the central nervous system.
Depressants slow the vital functions of the body, such as heart rate and blood pressure.
Most depressants are addictive, produce psychological and physical dependence.
Most depressants rapidly produce an extreme tolerance.
Some depressants act very quickly, and begin to affect their user within seconds.
Depresses treadle or pulls lever to lower ram that compresses metal to shape of die impressions.
Depresses treadle to cut cloth and fold bottom hem.
Depressed adolescents look more like depressed adults.
Depressed appetite is the primary cause of reduced milk yields.
Depressed appetite is the primary cause of the reduced milk yield.
Depressed children are often more literal than adults.
Depressed children can feel isolated and withdrawn from peers and family.
Depressed children grow up to be depressed and unsuccessful adults.
Most depressed children are highly avoidant.
Depressed clients experience increased mortality from natural as well as accidental causes.
Depressed consciousness can rapidly progress to coma and generalized seizures.
Depressed docks have plates.
Depressed episodes can include any of the features of major depressive disorder.
Depressed feelings can be a common reaction to many medical illnesses.
Depressed feelings can sometimes result from anger turned inside.
Depressed fisheries are to be rebuilt within a specified time.
Depressed fontanels indicates dehydration.
A depressed fracture is a break
Depressed fractures are due to more localized forces.
Depressed individuals are also more apt to develop cardiovascular problems.
Depressed individuals begin to withdraw from their friends and activities.
Depressed individuals distort their perceptions and interpret events from a negative perspective.
Depressed individuals report that when they laugh their depression dissolves.
Depressed individuals tend to experience a feeling of hopelessness and futility.
Depressed lesions can also mean the presence of scar tissue.
Most depressed lesions are ulcers.
Some depressed lesions are the result of atrophy or scarring and have an intact epithelial surface.
Depressed men don t do as well after a heart attack as undepressed men.
Depressed men have significantly lower levels of testosterone than nondepressed men.
Depressed mood accompanies manic activation.
Depressed mood is considered troublesome if it is intense, severe, and continuous.
Depressed moods cause negative thinking.
Depressed mothers are tearful, anxious, and easily upset, tired and yet unable to sleep well.
Depressed mothers cause depression in their children.
Depressed mothers have depressing effects on their children.
Every depressed neighborhood possesses the seeds of economic development.
Depressed patient complains headache in morning.
Depressed patients are also more likely to commit suicide or request physician-assisted suicide.
Depressed patients do have a higher incidence of hypoglycemia.
Depressed patients experience more recent life events.
Depressed patients express hopelessness.
Depressed patients have a significantly higher rate of complications.
Depressed patients have atypical sleep patterns.
Depressed patients have some insight.
Depressed patients look to primary care physicians for help.
Depressed patients tend to underestimate the amount of sleep they get.
Many depressed patients feel certain that their prescriptions are very beneficial.
Many depressed patients lose interest in sex.
Most depressed patients experience loss of appetite and weight loss.
Depressed people are also difficult to be around on a daily basis.
Depressed people are angry because old hurt becomes anger.
Depressed people are great strugglers, but to struggle is to drown.
Depressed people are in pain.
Depressed people are nearly always sad, blue, or worried, although irritability is also common.
Depressed people are sad, helpless, hopeless, and feel worthless.
Depressed people can be mean and difficult to live with.
Depressed people can have symptoms ranging from mild to severe.
Depressed people drink to blot out pain.
Depressed people feel tired, isolated, hopeless, helpless, lonely, and sad.
Depressed people find it hard to think, work, play or love.
Depressed people have a hard time maintaining normal relationships.
Depressed people have difficulty in maintaining normal relationships with other people.
Depressed people have feelings of being trapped inside their experience and unable to escape.
Depressed people have memory and cognitive problems as well.
Depressed people have serious character flaws.
Depressed people have unusual brain chemistry patterns.
Depressed people isolate themselves.
Depressed people look sad, feel sad, and act sad much of the time.
Depressed people seem to reason poorly in several other ways.
Depressed people tend to be lethargic, brooding, socially withdrawn, and sometimes hostile.
Depressed people tend to feel like failures or inadequate or unworthy.
Depressed people tend to have a more even-handed view of themselves and others.
Depressed people tend to have lower levels of norepinephrine and serotonin.
Depressed people tend to have too much of the hormone 'cortisol' in their blood.
Depressed people tend to isolate themselves.
Depressed people tend to think in a particular way .
Depressed people tend to use too much caffeine, tobacco, and alcohol.
Depressed people tend to withdraw.
Many depressed people are lonely and isolated.
Many depressed people are reluctant to publicly declare their condition.
Many depressed people can actually feel a change in their bodies.
Many depressed people complain of insomnia without recognizing that they are depressed.
Many depressed people have low tryptophan levels.
Many depressed people think about death.
More depressed people commit suicide than with any other illness.
Most depressed people are great procrastinators.
Most depressed people have difficulty with thinking processes.
Most depressed people suffer bouts of despair that can last several weeks or even months.
Some depressed people find relief in sleeping.
Some depressed people sleep all the time but never feel rested or refreshed.
Some depressed people sleep more than usual.
Depressed persons feel down, sad, and hopeless.
Depressed persons isolate themselves by withdrawing from friends and families.
Depressed persons make such mistakes over and over.
Depressed persons see their lives as frustrating, their pasts as wasted and their futures as futile.
Depressed persons tend to do the opposite.
Most depressed persons have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep.
Every depressed state is accompanied by a hormonal imbalance and excesses of neurotransmitters.
Many depressed stocks are already well oversold on fundamentals.
Depressed students are frequently lethargic, but sometimes depression is accompanied by agitation.
Depressed teens are often irritable, taking out most of their anger on their family.
Depressed teens behave in exaggerated fashions.
Many depressed teens drop out of activities and pull away from friends.
Most depressed teens do have a feeling of isolation.
Depressed teenagers feel that they are destined to fail at anything that they attempt.
Depressed teenagers tend to vacillate over every decision.
Depressed weeping is different from normal weeping.
Depressed women have more complications such as low-birth weight babies and postpartum depression.
Depressed women speak in terms of a lack of connectedness, or loss of self.
Every depressing person is a musician.
Depression disorders cause a lot of grief and misunderstandings among family members.
Depression glass intrigues our imaginations.
Depression glass is often a transparent pink or green.
Depression treatment lasts a long time.
A depression is a mental condition
Depression actually causes a decrease in the metabolic activity of the brain.
Depression adds to the intensity, suffering, and disability experienced with a chronic pain problem.
Depression adversely affects a person's social and occupational functioning.
Depression affects a person's moods, thoughts, body, and behavior.
Depression affects a significant number of women.
Depression affects all aspects of life.
Depression affects all relationships and always affects performance in school or at work.
Depression affects at least all of the people some of the time.
Depression affects both mind and body.
Depression affects both sexes, with a higher incidence in women.
Depression affects children and adolescents in a number of areas of functioning.
Depression affects employees at all levels of the corporate ladder.
Depression affects employees productivity, judgment and ability to work with others.
Depression affects every aspect of a person.
Depression affects millions of people world wide and can be both overwhelming and dibilitating.
Depression affects millions of people, and many have been helped by depression medications.
Depression affects mood, thought, physical functions, and behavior.
Depression affects nearly twice as many women as men.
Depression affects olfaction.
Depression affects olfactory recognition .
Depression affects olfactory recognition.
Depression affects our bodies.
Depression affects our thinking, our emotions, our behavior and our physical health.
Depression affects people differently.
Depression affects people in different ways at different times.
Depression affects people in different ways.
Depression affects people of all ages but is less common for teenagers than for adults.
Depression affects people of all ages, but the adolescent years carry special risks.
Depression affects people of all ages, races, ethnic groups and social and economic classes.
Depression affects people of all ages.
Depression affects persons of all ages, genders, and races.
Depression affects the body as well as the mind.
Depression affects the person's health, interpersonal relations, work, and ability to enjoy life.
Depression affects the whole person.
Depression affects thinking and memory.
Depression affects twenty percent of the population, but it's much more commonly diagnosed in women.
Depression affects twice as many women as men because women have less a. emotional stability.
Depression affects twice as many women as men.
Depression affects worker productivity .
Depression again is something that is different with each woman.
Depression alone is the fourth leading cause of the global disease burden.
Depression also affects children.
Depression also affects the immune system adversely.
Depression also afflicts many poor single working mothers of young children.
Depression also appears to take a greater toll on men.
Depression also can affect their nutritional status.
Depression also can occur after a person suffers a loss or after a long period of stress.
Depression also can occur.
Depression also can suppress the ability to easily have orgasm.
Depression also correlates with a higher incidence of illness.
Depression also effects cognitive function.
Depression also interferes with normal sleeping patterns.
Depression also interferes with the ability to make decisions.
Depression also is known to occur more often in headache sufferers than non-headache sufferers.
Depression also is linked to poor compliance with diabetes treatment.
Depression also manifests itself by a lack of positives.
Depression also reduces the desire for lovemaking.
Depression also results from hypothyroidism.
Depression also seems to run in families.
Depression also tends to decrease energy, disturb sleep, and influence appetite and eating habits.
Depression also tends to run in families with a history of mental illness or suicide.
Depression also tends to run in families.
Depression apparently depresses the immune system.
Depression appears at least twice as often in American women as in American men.
Depression appears to increase the risk for stroke in both women and women.
Depression appears to stem from biological, psychological and social factors.
Depression becomes a medical problem when it is out of proportion to the stress producing it.
Depression becomes a problem when it interferes with normal activities.
Depression becomes chronic.
Depression becomes evident.
Depression becomes inevitable as emotional exhaustion from constant pain sets in.
Depression becomes the norm as our people struggle to find meaning for existence.
Depression begins due to anticipation of separation from friends and loved ones at college.
Depression begins it's siege by reprogramming thought patterns.
Depression begins to heal when the hidden pain is named and honored.
Depression breeds despair and casts a dreadful pall over all of life's activities and pleasures.
Depression brings great heartbreak to many people.
Depression brings the family much closer together.
Depression can adversely affect everything from work to friendships.
Depression can affect a person at any age.
Depression can affect all areas of life.
Depression can affect an elder's ability to cope with pain.
Depression can affect anyone at any age.
Depression can affect anyone, irrespective of sex, race, or age.
Depression can affect anyone.
Depression can affect as many as one in five people of all ages.
Depression can affect memory, as well as the ability to think.
Depression can affect one's ability to enjoy anything.
Depression can affect people at any age or of any race, ethnic or economic group.
Depression can affect people at any age or of any race, ethnic, or economic group.
Depression can affect people at any age, of any race, ethnic or economic group.
Depression can affect people of any age, ethnic, or economic group.
Depression can affect people of any age, race ethnic, or economic group.
Depression can affect people of any age, race, ethnic or economic group.
Depression can aggravate some effects of transplant, including pain and fatigue.
Depression can also be a life-threatening illness when there is a risk of suicide.
Depression can also be a problem.
Depression can also be a side effect of certain medications.
Depression can also be a side effect of the treatment, which can be physiological or psychological.
Depression can also be a sign of a medical problem.
Depression can also be part of the postictal phase several days following seizures.
Depression can also be the result of some physical ailment.
Depression can also be tricky to recognize.
Depression can also cause anxiety and agitation.
Depression can also cause dementia if left untreated.
Depression can also cause symptoms of dementia in older people.
Depression can also come from an imbalance of the chemicals that control a person s mood.
Depression can also come in response to many outside factors.
Depression can also contribute to the likelihood of asthma attacks by hampering the immune system.
Depression can also develop after a major stroke.
Depression can also exacerbate perception of pain.
Depression can also feel like a chronic physical problem.
Depression can also have an impact on a person's recovery from heart disease.
Depression can also hide other physical problems, such as illness or disease.
Depression can also occur as a result of a biochemical disturbance in the brain.
Depression can also occur when a person is attempting to deal with unpleasant childhood memories.
Depression can also occur.
Depression can also present itself as dysthymia, a less intense and more chronic form of depression.
Depression can also recur throughout a person's lifetime.
Depression can also result from an underlying physical problem, such as thyroid disease.
Depression can also set in.
Depression can amplify chronic pain, making the symptoms worse and even more intolerable.
Depression can amplify chronic pain, making the symptoms worse.
Depression Can appear at any age and is one of the most common and treatable illnesses.
Depression can appear at any age, so early recognition and treatment is vital.
Depression can appear at any age.
Depression can appear in individuals at any age, from childhood through the geriatric age group.
Depression can appear in many ways.
Depression can be a barrier to rehabilitation and recovery.
Depression can be a cause of decreased appetite.
Depression can be a chemical inbalance occuring in the brain.
Depression can be a condition where one's life is blocked.
Depression can be a cycle, and breaking it can be a difficult task.
Depression can be a deadly disease.
Depression can be a delicate thing to deal with.
Depression can be a devastating illness.
Depression can be a disabling medical illness.
Depression can be a factor in chronic low back pain.
Depression can be a family characteristic.
Depression can be a fatal illness.
Depression can be a good thing.
Depression can be a life threatening illness.
Depression can be a part of many disorders as well, such as post-traumatic stress disorder.
Depression can be a problem for some patients during recovery.
Depression can be a result of physical, genetic and psychological causes.
Depression can be a result of physical, genetic or psychological causes .
Depression can be a serious illness.
Depression can be a serious problem.
Depression can be a side effect of a physical illness or of a medication to treat an illness.
Depression can be a symptom of thyroid disease.
Depression can be a warning signal.
Depression can be an extremely important teacher in disguise.
Depression can be an occupational hazard for PWs.
Depression can be common in certain families.
Depression can be deadly if left unchecked.
Depression can be debilitating, depression drugs can be too.
Depression can be devastating and disabling, but modern treatments are usually very effective.
Depression can be devastating, but help is available.
Depression can be different for each person, too.
Depression can be difficult to diagnose or to recognize in oneself.
Depression can be difficult to diagnose.
Depression can be environmental.
Depression can be fatal as it is the primary cause of suicide.
Depression can be fatal.
Depression can be hereditary or even learned in an environment.
Depression can be interminable, it can come and go.
Depression can be mild or severe.
Depression can be mild to severe.
Depression can be mild, moderate, or severe.
Depression can be overwhelming and pervasive, affecting many areas of one's life.
Depression can be particularly hard on patients with diabetes.
Depression can be progressive and early treatment can reduce needless suffering.
Depression can be serious but it can be treated.
Depression can be severe.
Depression can be terminal for individuals, families, marriages, businesses and vocations.
Depression can be the result of various factors ranging from hormones to hard times.
Depression can be the result.
Depression can be very cruel that way.
Depression can be very dangerous.
Depression can be very limiting.
Depression can be very serious .
Depression can be very serious.
Depression can be, too.
Depression can become a life-threatening illness.
Depression can begin suddenly for no apparent reason.
Depression can cause a reduced interest in sex.
Depression can cause big changes in appetite, digestion and nutritional status.
Depression can cause decreases or increases in sleep patterns.
Depression can cause fatigue that can be managed with counseling and medications.
Depression can cause insomnia or excessive sleep.
Depression can cause many kinds of upsetting feelings.
Depression can cause many persistent changes in a person's feelings and behavior.
Depression can cause memory loss in older people.
Depression can cause people to lose pleasure from daily life.
Depression can certainly lower a person's interest in sex.
Depression can come from problems in the liver or bowel.
Depression can come on slowly over time, so that it is hard to recognize.
Depression can create a severe strain on a marriage, particularly if it becomes chronic.
Depression can depress the immune system.
Depression can develop in anyone at any age.
Depression can disrupt sleep, appetite, and cognitive functioning.
Depression can disrupt sleep, appetite, and the ability to think.
Depression can drastically impair their speech.
Depression can even cause confusion and withdrawal.
Depression can frequently come after fear.
Depression can happen at any age, but often begins in adulthood.
Depression can happen at the same time as other chronic diseases.
Depression can happen gradually or it can be triggered by specific events.
Depression can happen to anyone.
Depression can have a divine purpose .
Depression can have any number of singular causes, but causes are more often combined.
Depression can have many causes, and many effective treatments are available.
Depression can have many causes.
Depression can have physical symptoms, as well.
Depression can have profound effects on health, functioning and quality of life.
Depression can imitate dementia and both depression and dementia can have depressive symptoms.
Depression can increase the rate of heartbeat resulting in palpitations and even strokes.
Depression can indicate the start of acceptance.
Depression can influence mood, behavior, sleep habits and bodily functions in many ways.
Depression can kill.
Depression can last for months or even years if left untreated.
Depression can last for weeks or months.
Depression can last for weeks, months, or even years.
Depression can last from a few days to years.
Depression can lead to excessive behavior, such as gambling, and exorbitant lifestyles.
Depression can lead to impulsivity and risk-taking.
Depression can lead to loss of motivation, drive and ambition.
Depression can lead to school failure, alcohol or other drug use, and even suicide.
Depression can lead wild mood swings and left untreated can lead to death.
Depression can look like ordinary unhappiness.
Depression can make a person feel fatigued, worthless, helpless and hopeless.
Depression can make all activity, especially sex, difficult.
Depression can make diagnosing narcolepsy difficult.
Depression can make each day a nightmare of variation.
Depression can make everything seem overwhelming, so that suicide appears to be the only solution.
Depression can make people exaggerate bad feelings about themselves.
Depression can manifest as willfullness, lack of interest in school, rage.
Depression can manifest itself in many ways.
Depression can manifest itself in various ways.
Depression can no longer remain when ignorance disappears.
Depression can occur at any age and can affect anyone.
Depression can occur at any age, though the average onset is during the second decade of life.
Depression can occur at any age.
Depression can occur due to a multitude of causes.
Depression can occur following a heart attack.
Depression can occur for many reasons.
Depression can occur in all age groups, even in children.
Depression can occur once, or it can occur again and again throughout life.
Depression can occur to anyone, at any age, and to people of any race or ethnic group.
Depression can often go unspotted at the workplace.
Depression can overwhelm.
Depression can persists for weeks, months, or years, and can affect every aspect of our daily lives.
Depression can play a part in anger or vice versa.
Depression can potentially cause sufferers to commit a violent act either upon themselves or other.
Depression can present a confusing picture in children and adolescents.
Depression can produce certain physical symptoms such as a disruption in appetite and sleep.
Depression can puzzle parents.
Depression can range from a minor problem to a major, life-threatening illness.
Depression can range from feeling a little blue to obsessing about death and suicide.
Depression can range from mild to moderate to severe.
Depression can range from mild to severe.
Depression can really intensify during withdrawal.
Depression can result from a faulty perspective.
Depression can result from any chronic, debilitating illness.
Depression can result from chronic sleep deprivation.
Depression can result in a serious disturbance of work, social, academic, and bodily functioning.
Depression can result.
Depression can rob a person of their willingness to work towards recovery.
Depression can ruin a person's life.
Depression can run in families, or it can be situational and transient.
Depression can run in families.
Depression can sap the parent of the energy necessary to play with an active child.
Depression can seem the same as a neurological or hormone problem.
Depression can seriously impair a person's ability to function in everyday situations.
Depression can serve as a catalyst for more productive and creative functioning.
Depression can set in as the drugs start to work on the cancer.
Depression can set in as with any chronic condition.
Depression can set in, and spouses can become disconnected from one another.
Depression can set in.
Depression can shorten men s lives in other ways as well.
Depression can show up in a number of other ways as well.
Depression can shut down the survival instinct or temporarily suppress it.
Depression can sneak into the mind without knowing what is happening.
Depression can sometimes be a chronic condition that requires ongoing treatment.
Depression can stem from a lack of light.
Depression can stem from many different biological, chemical and situational factors.
Depression can strike a person at any age.
Depression can strike anyone at any age.
Depression can strike anyone, even children and babies who have been abused and neglected.
Depression can strike anyone, even children and babies who have been abused or neglected.
Depression can strike at any age, but it's often associated with the elderly.
Depression can strike at any age, for many reasons.
Depression can strike at any age, including in childhood.
Depression can strike at any age.
Depression can strike at any time in an individuals life.
Depression can strike for no apparent reason.
Depression can take several different forms, from mild to severe.
Depression can wreak havoc on the immune system, leading to a variety of ailments.
Depression carries a stigma in our culture.
Depression caused by grief can increase the odds of getting cancer and other diseases.
Depression caused by unforgiven sin lasts only as long as confession of sin is postponed.
Depression causes a huge amount of suffering.
Depression causes a lot of dysfunction in families.
Depression causes a precipitous decline in job performance at the onset of an episode.
Depression causes all kinds of problems.
Depression causes changes in thinking, feeling, behavior, and physical well-being.
Depression causes confusion.
Depression causes decreased energy and social isolation.
Depression causes intense personal suffering.
Depression causes people to feel sad, helpless and hopeless.
Depression causes persistent sadness that lasts day after day.
Depression causes poor diabetic control.
Depression certainly complicates ADHD, exacerbating pre-existing symptomatology.
Depression certainly is a brain crash.
Depression clearly affects women more than men.
Depression clearly is an important entity in the differential diagnosis of dementia.
Depression coincides with high pain scores in people with rheumatoid arthritis.
Depression comes as part of the recognition of limits.
Depression comes for a multitude of reasons for each individual.
Depression comes from life.
Depression comes from nowhere and seems magnified at night.
Depression comes from the brain, but scientists are still trying to find out exactly why it happens.
Depression comes in all shapes and fishnet sizes.
Depression comes in many forms.
Depression comes in many kinds and degrees.
Depression comes in many shapes and sizes.
Depression commonly occurs because of arthritis.
Depression commonly occurs in the late twenties, and is twice as common in women as in men.
Depression compromises motivation.
Depression compromises quality of life.
Depression Consists basically in a decrease of the vital energy.
Depression constitutes a major health concern for the elderly.
Depression contributes to disability, medical illness, and health care costs.
Depression conversely increases disease.
Depression coupled with anxiety attacks are relatively common among women in poverty.
Depression covers a huge spectrum.
Depression cuts across all class, race and social lines.
Depression dampens our awareness of feelings.
Depression decreases memory and concentration, both of which are vital to learning.
Depression decreases the very processes that are required for learning and memory.
Depression descends more easily.
Depression destroys relationships and the soul.
Depression directly affects a person's self-esteem, reducing the sense of self worth.
Depression does affect one's mental state, and is a disease of the central nervous system.
Depression does often lift after several months if left untreated.
Depression does that to the most loving and gentle of people.
Depression entails a constrained perspective.
Depression entails a desire to withdraw, a lack of energy, and the diminished capacity for pleasure.
Depression especially is associated with a particularly high risk.
Depression exemplifies a hidden disability marked by alterations in mood.
Depression exemplifies a mental disorder largely marked by alterations in mood.
Depression exhibits many of the same symptoms as grief and often goes hand in hand with grief.
Depression experienced by substance abusers usually clears with abstinence.
Depression feeds addiction and self-destruction.
Depression feeds on isolation.
Depression feeds on itself.
Depression Feeling depressed after the loss of a loved one is completely understandable.
Depression Feeling down once in a while is normal.
Depression Feeling down or depressed is common for people with heart failure.
Depression Find resources for help.
Depression flattens all positive emotions, including the libido.
Depression floods our lives with gloom and pessimism.
Depression flows into hypomania.
Depression following a heart attack is a significant risk factor for subsequent death.
Depression following retirement from work is an example of adjustment disorder.
Depression following significant loss is a normal, healing part of the grieving process.
Depression follows anger.
Depression follows or is caused by many medications or serious medical problems.
Depression gets doleful diagnosis .
Depression gives no regard to age, race, religion or wealth.
Depression goes with chronic illness.
Depression greatly diminishes a person s quality of life, personal joy and productivity.
Depression greatly diminishes a person's quality of life, personal joy and productivity.
Depression greatly increases the risk of developing heart disease.
Depression happens because of several different factors.
Depression happens most often, lasts longer and is more disabling, triggering higher suicide rates.
Depression has a breath.
Depression has a broad range of symptoms.
Depression has a lot of ADD symptoms, inability to concentrate, reduced memory, some anxiety.
Depression has a number of symptoms, both physical and mental, that occur at the same time.
Depression has a profound effect on daily function.
Depression has a variety of causes, of both physiological and organic origin.
Depression has a variety of symptoms, but the most common is a deep feeling of sadness.
Depression has and is an integral part of self-discovery.
Depression has both biological and environmental causes.
Depression has far-reaching consequences for the person suffering from it.
Depression has many causes and impacts people in unique ways.
Depression has many causes.
Depression has many faces, changing the way it appears from one person to the next.
Depression has many faces.
Depression has many manifestations and it takes a variety of treatments to tackle it.
Depression has many sources.
Depression has more to do with feelings of helplessness, powerlessness, and an inability to act.
Depression has multiple causes and it affects different individuals differently.
Depression has multiple causes and plays a major role in fatigue.
Depression has negative influences on others.
Depression has nothing to do with weakness or personal defect.
Depression has serious consequences.
Depression has specific symptoms and it, too, can kill if left untreated.
Depression has the virtue of being the most treatable mental illness.
Depression hastens relapse of drinking, researcher say.
Depression help books and seminars.
Depression hits every family, but it's a treatable illness.
Depression hits everybody from time to time.
Depression hits many in the far north where the sun fades from sight for about two months each year.
Depression hits women at more than twice the rate as men.
Depression hits younger students hardest.
Depression hurts a person's quality of life.
Depression imparts significant morbidity.
Depression includes a variety of physical and psychological symptoms.
Depression includes feelings of being down, flat, hopelessness, and being tired a lot of the time.
Depression increases a person's chances of getting a heart attack.
Depression increases both morbidity and mortality in the elderly.
Depression increases chance of repeat heart attack.
Depression increases the risk of having a heart attack.
Depression increases the risk of suicide ten-fold, and one third of suicides involve alcoholism.
Depression interferes with a person's ability or wish to get help.
Depression invites a negative emotion and expectation in response to almost everything that happens.
Depression involves behavior and cognition, a well as emotion.
Depression is a belief in one's own helplessness. . . .
Depression is a big factor.
Depression is a big one.
Depression is a big part of it.
Depression is a biochemical disorder.
Depression is a biological brain disorder that can affect anyone.
Depression is a biological illness that effects behavior, thoughts and feelings.
Depression is a biologically based disorder that can be treated.
Depression is a black hole.
Depression is a brain disease, it is treated by changing brain chemistry.
Depression is a brain disease.
Depression is a brain illness.
Depression is a broad term that describes several depressive illnesses.
Depression is a by-product of occupation with self, with life, with problems.
Depression is a change in a person's mood that lasts for an extended period of time.
Depression is a chemical imbalance in the brain.
Depression is a clinical diagnosis.
Depression is a clinical disorder that can be controlled with help and correct medication.
Depression is a clinical illness.
Depression is a clinical state that frequently takes a professional to diagnose.
Depression is a clinical syndrome that affects older adults in a variety of ways.
Depression is a cold, black hole, it's depth feels never ending.
Depression is a combination of negative thought with a lack of action.
Depression is a common after-effect of cardiac surgery.
Depression is a common and serious illness, which frequently manifests itself in adolescence.
Depression is a common antecedent to suicide.
Depression is a common but serious mood disorder.
Depression is a common cause of orgasmic difficulty as well as decreased desire and arousal.
Depression is a common characteristic of girls and women who have the full fragile X mutation.
Depression is a common companion in such children.
Depression is a common disorder that affects all different types of people.
Depression is a common disorder.
Depression is a common experience that can affect any person at any age.
Depression is a common finding as the symptoms progress.
Depression is a common finding.
Depression is a common highly treatable, but often unrecognized, condition.
Depression is a common illness that can be debilitating if left untreated.
Depression is a common illness that occurs in about ten percent of people the world over.
Depression is a common illness that often goes undiagnosed and untreated.
Depression is a common illness with a variety of highly effective treatments.
Depression is a common illness.
Depression is a common long-term effect.
Depression is a common mental health problem among older adults.
Depression is a common mental illness that can affect people of all ages.
Depression is a common post-high effect.
Depression is a common problem and can strike at any age.
Depression is a common problem in adolescents with or without acne.
Depression is a common problem in children.
Depression is a common problem in chronic pain patients.
Depression is a common problem in the United States.
Depression is a common problem, usually treatable with counseling and, if necessary, medication.
Depression is a common problem.
Depression is a common psychiatric complication of temporal lobe seizures.
Depression is a common psychiatric disorder of the aged.
Depression is a common response to loss.
Depression is a common response to significant life change.
Depression is a common result of the women being over worked.
Depression is a common result.
Depression is a common side effect of interferon therapy.
Depression is a common symptom of menopause.
Depression is a common symptom of poor thyroid function.
Depression is a common symptom, too.
Depression is a common, serious illness.
Depression is a complex disorder.
Depression is a complex illness.
Depression is a complex problem with no simple solutions.
Depression is a complicated and difficult issue to live with.
Depression is a complicated condition.
Depression is a complicated illness.
Depression is a complicated problem, which is often hidden behind physical illness.
Depression is a concern among both the elderly and their adult caregivers, according to experts.
Depression is a condition that requires professional medical diagnosis and treatment.
Depression is a crippling and often misunderstood disorder in today's society.
Depression is a curable illness.
Depression is a dangerous and serious disorder because it can lead to suicide attempts by sufferers.
Depression is a debilitating and sly disease.
Depression is a deep intense feeling that never lifts.
Depression is a deep sadness at the loss often accompanied by hopelessness of the occasion.
Depression is a depressive disorder that involves a person's body, mood, and thoughts.
Depression is a different entity altogether.
Depression is a disabling medical illness involving disruptions in brain functions.
Depression is a disease and nothing to be ashamed of.
Depression is a disease of the body and mind.
Depression is a disease of the ego.
Depression is a disease that affects every aspect of an older person's life.
Depression is a disease that responds very well to treatment.
Depression is a disease, but like heart disease or diabetes, self-care is essential to recovery.
Depression is a disease.
Depression is a disorder of the body, mind and spirit.
Depression is a disorder of the brain.
Depression is a disorder that affects chemicals in the brain called neurotransmitters.
Depression is a disorder that affects our lives in many different ways.
Depression is a disorder that can be treated.
Depression is a disorder that is defined by certain behaviors and thought patterns.
Depression is a dysfunction of the brain.
Depression is a factor, treatment is available their are many anti-depressants available.
Depression is a fatal disease if left untreated.
Depression is a feeling of deep sadness that continues for at least fourteen days.
Depression is a feeling of sadness or disappointment.
Depression is a flatness.
Depression is a form of aggression.
Depression is a form of idolatry.
Depression is a frequent and serious complication of heart attack, stroke, diabetes, and cancer.
Depression is a frequent concommon disease even though well before the diagnosis is apparent.
Depression is a frightening disease.
Depression is a fundamental state of mind.
Depression is a gift.
Depression is a growing problem among teenagers as well.
Depression is a hallmark of hormonal disorders, especially hypothyrodism.
Depression is a health condition.
Depression is a heaviness, too close, like blankets in summer.
Depression is a hell of a disease.
Depression is a highly individual disease.
Depression is a highly treatable disorder.
Depression is a horrible disease that inflicts so many people.
Depression is a horribly misunderstood condition.
Depression is a huge mental-health issue.
Depression is a key factor in most suicides.
Depression is a leading cause of disability in Australia.
Depression is a leading risk factor for suicide.
Depression is a legitimate disorder that deserves to be treated.
Depression is a liar.
Depression is a loss of control of thoughts, causes headaches directly.
Depression is a lowering of the spirit.
Depression is a major appetite depressant.
Depression is a major cause of illness and disability in Australia.
Depression is a major cause of suicide.
Depression is a major disorder that can begin at any age.
Depression is a major factor in suicide.
Depression is a major factor that contributes to suicide.
Depression is a major issue needing to be addressed.
Depression is a major mental health problem in childhood and adolescence.
Depression is a major obstacle.
Depression is a major problem in the aging population.
Depression is a major psychologic contributor to weight loss in older adults.
Depression is a major public health problem, as more and more people are affected by it.
Depression is a manifestation of anger turned inward.
Depression is a medical condition caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain.
Depression is a medical condition that can be treated.
Depression is a medical condition that can usually be treated.
Depression is a medical condition that is treatable.
Depression is a medical condition that requires medical treatment.
Depression is a medical condition.
Depression is a medical diagnosis.
Depression is a medical disease and it's treatable.
Depression is a medical disorder that can be treated.
Depression is a medical illness and effective treatments are available.
Depression is a medical illness like diabetes or high blood pressure.
Depression is a medical illness that often alters sleep, appetite and energy.
Depression is a medical illness, just like cancer or diabetes.
Depression is a medical illness, just like heart disease, diabetes and cancer.
Depression is a mental disorder marked by alterations in mood.
Depression is a mental illness that frequently goes undetected.
Depression is a mental illness.
Depression is a mood disorder that affects most of the activities of daily living.
Depression is a mood disorder which leads a persistent feeling of loss of interestand sadness.
Depression is a mood disorder with biological, sociological and psychological aspects.
Depression is a mood disorder.
Depression is a mood filled with sadness, guilt and feelings of hopelessness.
Depression is a mood state or syndromal disorder associated with vegetative symptoms.
Depression is a most uncomfortable state no one chooses to be in.
Depression is a multifaceted problem.
Depression is a natural consequence of certain physiological or psychological circumstances.
Depression is a natural reaction to the death of a loved one.
Depression is a natural stage of grief.
Depression is a nearly universal response to divorce.
Depression is a necessary response to certain life situations.
Depression is a neurobiological disease.
Depression is a neurochemical disorder involving a brain chemical known as serotonin.
Depression is a normal human experience and it is an unavoidable part of everyday life.
Depression is a normal part of aging.
Depression is a normal part of any major loss.
Depression is a normal part of grieving.
Depression is a normal part of living a while and paying attention.
Depression is a normal response to progressive loss of muscle function and impaired mobility.
Depression is a painful closing down of the senses.
Depression is a part of life and can be resolved through prayer without medical treatment.
Depression is a part of life that can be worked through without seeking treatment.
Depression is a particularly cruel disorder.
Depression is a pervasive mood disorder affecting large numbers of the general population.
Depression is a point beyond sadness.
Depression is a prevalent mental health problem and it is treatable.
Depression is a prevalent, serious, and potentially disabling disorder.
Depression is a problem for many older people.
Depression is a psychological disorder that is found frequently among college-aged students.
Depression is a reaction against something that has already occurred.
Depression is a reaction to loss.
Depression IS a reaction to what has happened.
Depression is a real illness and can affect people of any age, race, ethnic or economic group.
Depression is a real illness and it's very painful.
Depression is a real illness that is beyond our ability to control by willpower or any other means.
Depression is a real illness that requires careful evaluation and treatment.
Depression is a real illness that requires professional help .
Depression is a real illness with real causes.
Depression is a real illness, just like heart disease or diabetes.
Depression is a real medical condition.
Depression is a real medical illness and it's treatable.
Depression is a real, but uncommon side effect of tamoxifen.
Depression is a reality, sex is a reality, drugs are a reality.
Depression is a recognition of that.
Depression is a recurrent condition.
Depression is a recurring illness.
Depression is a relatively common problem and there are effective treatments available.
Depression is a response to loss that is expressed as profound sadness or deep suffering.
Depression is a response to stress.
Depression is a result of the pain.
Depression is a risk factor for a first heart attack.
Depression is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Depression is a roller coaster ride.
Depression is a sad, low and lethargic state in which life seems black and overwhelming.
Depression is a sense of sadness or a loss of hope.
Depression is a separate problem.
Depression is a serious and common mental illness.
Depression is a serious and common problem.
Depression is a serious condition.
Depression is a serious disease but it is very treatable.
Depression is a serious disease that affects people of all ages, even teenagers.
Depression is a serious disease.
Depression is a serious disorder that is different from normal periods of sadness.
Depression is a serious health condition affecting millions of people each year.
Depression is a serious health problem that effects the whole person.
Depression is a serious illness and can be treated.
Depression is a serious illness and effective treatments are available.
Depression is a serious illness that can become worse.
Depression is a serious illness that can have organic sources.
Depression is a serious illness that can take a terrible toll on individuals and families.
Depression is a serious illness that needs to be identified and treated.
Depression is a serious illness.
Depression is a serious illnesses.
Depression is a serious medical condition.
Depression is a serious medical illness which can be treated.
Depression is a serious medical illness.
Depression is a serious mental illness.
Depression is a serious problem for many addicts.
Depression is a serious problem for older people.
Depression is a serious problem that even appears as a physical illness.
Depression is a serious problem with a biochemical basis.
Depression is a serious, often life-threatening disease.
Depression is a side effect of many medications.
Depression is a significant risk factor for suicide among men and women, young and old.
Depression is a significant risk factor for suicide.
Depression is a slippery slope and there are ways to circumvent a major depressive episode.
Depression is a somewhat mysterious illness which can affect both the body and the mind.
Depression is a stage of grief that comes and goes.
Depression is a state of feeling bad most of or all the time.
Depression is a state of mind or emotion marked by deep sadness or a sense of hopelessness.
Depression is a state of sadness and despair.
Depression is a state that can paralyze.
Depression is a successfully treated illness.
Depression is a sunless planet, a poisonous fogbank.
Depression is a symptom of suppressed emotions.
Depression is a symptom that many women experience during their menstruating years.
Depression is a syndrome.
Depression is a temporary condition that is usually resolved without intervention.
Depression is a temporary condition.
Depression is a terrible thing.
Depression is a traumatic experience but it is never hopeless.
Depression is a treat able illness.
Depression is a treatable and often curable illness.
Depression is a treatable and reversible condition.
Depression is a treatable biological disease characterized by changes in brain chemistry.
Depression is a treatable condition, in many cases people recover without recurrence.
Depression is a treatable disease.
Depression is a treatable disorder and can usually be helped.
Depression is a treatable disorder.
Depression is a treatable illness, no one has to suffer.
Depression is a treatable illness, requiring professional care.
Depression is a treatable illness.
Depression Is A Treatable Illness.
Depression is a treatable, biologically based illness caused by chemical imbalances in the brain.
Depression is a treatable, recoverable disorder.
Depression is a type of mood disorder.
Depression is a typical side effect.
Depression is a very common consequence of chronic pain.
Depression is a very common disease that is accompanied by both mental and physical symptoms.
Depression is a very common emotional illness.
Depression is a very common experience.
Depression is a very common illness, even among teenagers.
Depression is a very common illness.
Depression is a very common mental disorder.
Depression is a very common problem, but it often goes undetected and untreated.
Depression is a very common reaction to sexual assault.
Depression is a very confusing word and can mean different things at different times.
Depression is a very isolating illness accompanied by feelings of worthlessness and low self esteem.
Depression is a very isolating illness.
Depression is a very low mood.
Depression is a very personal thing.
Depression is a very real and common illness.
Depression is a very real condition, and needs to be taken seriously.
Depression is a very serious condition.
Depression is a very subtle kind of deficit.
Depression is a very treatable condition.
Depression is a very troubling, yet highly treatable mental disorder.
Depression is a very uncomfortable energy state to exist in.
Depression is a way of constructing the world, and it is only one way in a world of rich potentials.
Depression is a well-known risk factor for smoking and increases the danger of starting young.
Depression is a well-known side effect.
Depression is a whole body health problem.
Depression is a wide spread ailment among the working or poor.
Depression is a world without sunshine.
Depression is a worldwide illness that affects millions.
Depression is about the absence of an emotional response capacity.
Depression is about the loss of hope.
Depression is about twice as common in women as in men.
Depression is actually more treatable than most physical illnesses.
Depression is adaptation to loss.
Depression is addictive because it is a strong love substitute.
Depression is akin to the beginning of a mental ice age.
Depression is alarmingly widespread in the general Canadian population.
Depression is almost always the cause.
Depression is almost always the result of numerous upsetting incidents from the past.
Depression is almost twice as prevalent among women as men.
Depression is also a common cause of dementia-like symptoms.
Depression is also a common companion to illnesses that often occur in older people.
Depression is also a disease treated with medication.
Depression is also a factor for some students.
Depression is also a key factor in suicides.
Depression is also a national problem.
Depression is also a side effect of many drugs that are commonly prescribed for the elderly.
Depression is also a very common illness among teenagers.
Depression is also an early warning sign of many other illnesses, including cancer.
Depression is also an emotional mood state.
Depression is also an opening to many other problems such as self mutilation and anorexia.
Depression is also common among obese older people.
Depression is also common among pregnant teens.
Depression is also common among teenagers.
Depression is also common and often manifests itself as excessive sleepiness and fatigue.
Depression is also common following a stroke for many of the same reasons.
Depression is also common with bulimia.
Depression is also costly to society.
Depression is also has a different pattern of symptoms in older people compared to the young.
Depression is also more common in women than in men and is often undiagnosed.
Depression is also one of the greatest predictors of school dropout rates.
Depression is also part of the range of emotions experienced after the death of a loved animal.
Depression is also the word which health professionals use to describe some kinds of mental illness.
Depression is also very common.
Depression is always painful, even when transitory.
Depression is always there to blame.
Depression is among the leading causes of disability worldwide.
Depression is among the most important risk factors for cardiac outcomes.
Depression is among the most treatable forms of mental illness.
Depression is an affective or mood disorder.
Depression is an agent of entropy, and can lead to personal, social, and financial ruin.
Depression is an all-encompassing gloom that envelops every aspect of a person s existence.
Depression is an common crippling but treatable illness.
Depression is an emotional state that afflicts a significant proportion of our population.
Depression is an enevitible part of loss.
Depression is an epidemic an epidemic on the rise.
Depression is an epidemic.
Depression is an equal-opportunity demon, able to strike anyone at anytime.
Depression is an expectable response to major loss.
Depression is an extraordinarily common disorder in contemporary America.
Depression is an illness - a recognized serious illness.
Depression is an illness and anyone can get it.
Depression is an illness and can be treated effectively.
Depression is an illness and effective treatments are available.
Depression is an illness and like other illnesses has a cluster of symptoms associated with it.
Depression is an illness and needs to be properly diagnosed and treated.
Depression is an illness and requires medical care.
Depression is an illness as real and serious as any other.
Depression is an illness characterised by a low mood and a reduced ability to enjoy life.
Depression is an illness in the same way that diabetes or heart disease are illnesses.
Depression is an illness just like diabetes or any other other.
Depression is an illness like chicken pox, flu or diabetes.
Depression is an illness of the body.
Depression is an illness of the entire body.
Depression is an illness that affects both men and women.
Depression is an illness that affects many older people.
Depression is an illness that affects millions, but is still widely misunderstood.
Depression is an illness that can afflict anyone, regardless of age, race, class, or gender.
Depression is an illness that can be successfully conquered, especially in older people.
Depression is an illness that can change the very core of our being.
Depression is an illness that can limit a person's enjoyment of life.
Depression is an illness that comes and goes.
Depression is an illness that involves physical, mental and emotional symptoms.
Depression is an illness that involves understanding and support.
Depression is an illness that is treatable and curable in most cases.
Depression is an illness that robs one of the meaning of life.
Depression is an illness when the sadness has gone too far.
Depression is an illness which is usually caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain.
Depression is an illness with specific symptoms and specific treatments.
Depression is an illness, and a quite common one at that on college campuses and elsewhere.
Depression is an illness, and it distorts judgment.
Depression is an illness, just as a cold is.
Depression is an illness, just as diabetes and arthritis are illneses.
Depression is an illness, just like heart disease is an illness, the common cold is an illness.
Depression is an illness.
Depression is an illnesses and needs to be properly diagnosed and treated.
Depression is an imbalance that affects body, mind, and spirit.
Depression is an important but confusing issue for parents of teenagers.
Depression is an indication that something is amiss.
Depression is an invisible illness.
Depression is an issue that many women from non-English speaking backgrounds endure.
Depression is an occasional side effect of epilepsy medicines.
Depression is an odd beast.
Depression is an overwhelming disease, but it's conquerable.
Depression is anger that has been suppressed.
Depression is anger turned inward.
Depression is anger.
Depression is another cause of psychogenic impotence.
Depression is another common cause of fatigue.
Depression is another common part of the grieving process.
Depression is another common symptom.
Depression is another condition that is associated with global aphasia.
Depression is another disease that has been politicized by feminists.
Depression is another disorder that is strongly associated with erectile dysfunction.
Depression is another disorder.
Depression is another example of a common problem among older persons.
Depression is another potential side-effect.
Depression is another unwelcome holiday visitor.
Depression is another very common reason for sleep problems.
Depression is another.
Depression is apparent and is a result of the continuing economic stress.
Depression is approximately twice as common in women as it is in men.
Depression is as common among adolescents as it is among adults.
Depression is as complicated as it is common to the human experience.
Depression is as much a conquest as joy in performing evil.
Depression is as physical as diabetes.
Depression is associated with an imbalance of chemicals in the brain.
Depression is associated with changes in basic biological processes.
Depression is associated with decreased noradrenaline levels.
Depression is associated with disturbances in the hypothalamus.
Depression is associated with increased death rates for heart patients.
Depression is associated with low levels of serotonin, norepinephrine or both.
Depression is associated with low levels of serotonin.
Depression is associated with lowered metabolism, shortening of the body and gradual disintegration.
Depression is associated with slowed-speech, longer pause times, and prolonged duration of vowels.
Depression is associated with suicide.
Depression is awful when it comes.
Depression is back severely.
Depression is basically a loss of hope.
Depression is believed to be caused by a combination of factors.
Depression is believed to occur when there is a shortage of certain chemicals in the brain.
Depression is beyond explanation.
Depression is both a physical and a psychological disorder.
Depression is both more severe and longer lasting.
Depression is by far the leading cause of disability today. . . .
Depression is caused by a number of factors, from chemical imbalances to environmental influences.
Depression is caused by an imbalance of one or more chemicals in the brain.
Depression is caused by changes in the brain and in other parts of the body that produce hormones.
Depression is caused by conflict among the three divisions of the mind.
Depression is caused by imbalances in the level of chemicals within the nerves of the brain.
Depression is caused by one's attitude toward circumstances of life.
Depression is caused by self-pity.
Depression is caused by the chronic pain state.
Depression is celebrity.
Depression is characterized by either a depressed mood or lack of pleasure.
Depression is characterized by feelings of helplessness and hopelessness.
Depression is characterized by persistent symptoms lasting for over two weeks.
Depression is common after a brain attack.
Depression is common after a stroke, but it is treatable.
Depression is common after amputation.
Depression is common after delivery.
Depression is common among acutely ill elderly medical inpatients.
Depression is common among individuals recovering from a heart attack.
Depression is common among people who have too much or too little thyroid hormone.
Depression is common among people with brain tumors.
Depression is common among the elderly.
Depression is common and often severe.
Depression is common and produces a lot of misery and disability.
Depression is common at the time of the breakout.
Depression is common both in developing and non developing world.
Depression is common during menopause, again when the sex hormones are unbalanced.
Depression is common in anorexia, as is withdrawal from family and friends.
Depression is common in elderly individuals including nursing facility residents.
Depression is common in individuals with addictive behaviors.
Depression is common in late-stage PD, as is anxiety and sleep disturbance.
Depression is common in older adults, but it also is a natural response to abuse or neglect.
Depression is common in teens and younger children.
Depression is common in the elderly.
Depression is common in the face of chronic disease.
Depression is common with eating disorders.
Depression is common with excessive use of alcohol or drugs.
Depression is common, as is suicidal ideation.
Depression is common, particularly in people used to an active life.
Depression is common, troublesome, painful and dangerous.
Depression is common.
Depression is commonly present, often severe.
Depression is completely different.
Depression is complex, and no one substance helps every person.
Depression is considered as much a disorder of childhood as of adulthood.
Depression is considered to be a highly common cause of suicide.
Depression is considered to be a short-term, treatable illness.
Depression is considered to be the most common mental disorder.
Depression is contagious too and casts gloom over others in close proximity.
Depression is controllable.
Depression is dangerous because it bankrupts a person's self-esteem.
Depression is dark.
Depression is decreased.
Depression is deeper and more encompassing.
Depression is defined as an illness when it persists.
Depression is defined as an illness when the depressive condition persists.
Depression is defined, and the symptoms, causes, and treatment options are explored.
Depression is defined.
Depression is demonstrated through acting out.
Depression IS devastating to everyone in the family.
Depression is different from just feeling sad or having a bad day once in a while.
Depression is different from recurring feelings of stress, anxiety, or inadequacy.
Depression is different from sadness.
Depression is different than the periods of sadness that are part of the normal human experience.
Depression is difficult to detect and seriously undertreated.
Depression is difficult to handle.
Depression is difficult to recognize in children.
Depression is distinctly uglier than mere sadness.
Depression is easy to fall into, especially during a time of year so focused on holidays.
Depression is easy to recognize in an older person who is physically ill.
Depression is energy that has turned against itself.
Depression is entirely treatable.
Depression is episodic, and ranges on a continuum from mild to severe.
Depression is episodic, in that it can come and go, sometimes in an instant.
Depression is especially common among alcoholics, particularly women.
Depression is even more common during adolescence.
Depression is even more debilitating for people suffering from other chronic medical diseases.
Depression Is Everybody's Business.
Depression is experienced at a lower level than the female chronic fatigue syndrome patient.
Depression is explained as sadness.
Depression is extremely common, occurring in up to two-thirds of cases.
Depression is extremely difficult to diagnose and manifests itself in a wide variety of ways.
Depression is far more common among men than most people think.
Depression is far more common among women than men.
Depression is five times more common in working class women than in men.
Depression is found to be the key to most suicides.
Depression is frequent in midlife and later.
Depression is frequently a complication of long illnesses.
Depression is frequently genetic and associated with biochemical abnormalities in the body.
Depression is frequently part of the picture as well.
Depression is haute couture.
Depression is hell.
Depression is here to be appreciated.
Depression is hereditary, or heart disease.
Depression is highly curable so take hope and take action.
Depression is highly treatable when an individual receives competent care.
Depression is highly treatable with medications alone or in conjunction with psychotherapy.
Depression is highly treatable.
Depression is highly variable from person to person, and it ranges from very mild to very severe.
Depression is in epidemic proportions.
Depression is in fact a part of our everyday lives.
Depression is in.
Depression is intense and attacks the mind and body at the same time.
Depression is just as treatable as other health problems for both adults and children.
Depression is just ghastly.
Depression is just like any other obsession.
Depression is just the truth seeping in.
Depression is kept under control by antidepressants.
Depression is known to affect the physical body, such as reducing the amount of growth hormone.
Depression is known to be associated with changes in brain chemicals.
Depression is known to lower our resistance to physical ailments.
Depression is less common in the elderly than in younger adults.
Depression is life in a hole.
Depression is like a ticking time bomb.
Depression is like all illnesses, self-limiting.
Depression is like being tired.
Depression is like cancer.
Depression is like wearing doom-colored glasses.
Depression is linked to liver toxicity and chemical imbalance.
Depression is long-lasting.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Depression is more common in chronic back pain patients than in the general population.
Depression is more common in girls than in boys, possibly for hormonal reasons.
Depression is more common in institutionalized elderly.
Depression is more common in older people, but it can also affect young people.
Depression is more common in people with a family history of the disorder.
Depression is more common than high blood pressure.
Depression is more common than imagined.
Depression is more common than people think.
Depression is more common than previously believed among adolescents.
Depression is more like heart disease - it develops gradually over time.
Depression is more like it.
Depression is more likely to be diagnosed in women and more educated patients.
Depression is more prevalent among women than men.
Depression is more prevalent in women than men and is especially common among adolescents.
Depression is more severe and lasts longer.
Depression is more than a day of feeling low.
Depression is more than a side effect of treatment, or even a response to a serious disease.
Depression is more than an individual problem.
Depression is more than an occasional feeling of sadness or a natural, grieving response to loss.
Depression is more than having a bad day or mood changes.
Depression is more than just a bad day or the result of a little anxiety.
Depression is more than just a bad day, the result of a bad grade or a little future anxiety.
Depression is more than just a bad day, the result of a bad grade or anxiety about the future.
Depression is more than just being moody, and it can affect people at any age, including teenagers.
Depression is more than just being moody.
Depression is more than just being sad.
Depression is more than just feeling sad or blue.
Depression is more than just the blues or normal everyday ups and downs.
Depression is more than just the 'blues'.
Depression is more than just the blues.
Depression is more than just the occasional bad mood.
Depression is more than sadness - it's a mood disorder.
Depression is more than the grieving that occurs after the death of a loved one.
Depression is more widely understood and is finally beginning to come out of the closet.
Depression is most likely due to an inherited predisposition to a chemical imbalance in the brain.
Depression is most often the result of stroke deficit.
Depression is much more debilitating and long-lasting.
Depression is much more than a disease caused by faulty brain chemistry.
Depression is multi-factorial.
Depression is never a normal part of growing older.
Depression is never apt to be a problem.
Depression is never normal and always produces needless suffering.
Depression is never to be taken lightly.
Depression is no different.
Depression is no fun, but it's a part of life.
Depression is no fun.
Depression is no joke.
Depression is no longer a state or mood but is now an illness called major depression .
Depression is no respecter of persons and manifests itself in many forms.
Depression is normal and can be treated.
Depression is normal.
Depression is nothing but anger without enthusiasm.
Depression is nothing to be ashamed about.
Depression is nothing to feel ashamed about.
Depression is nothing to fool with and can be managed with proper medical care.
Depression is now one of the most common mental health problems experienced by young people.
Depression is now one of the most common mental health problems young people experience.
Depression is now one of the most rapidly and successfully treatable of all serious illnesses.
Depression is now the leading cause of disability in the world.
Depression is now the most common illness in Australia s young women.
Depression is often a cause of memory loss.
Depression is often a contributing problem to the well-being of oneself.
Depression is often a major component of stress.
Depression is often a manifestation of physical imbalances from foods and substances.
Depression is often a red flag that there are unresolved issues for the adoptee.
Depression is often a side effect of chronic pain which can further increase a feeling of isolation.
Depression is often a symptom of chronic iron deficiency.
Depression is often an accompanying illness and furthers the mental illness.
Depression is often anger, and a host of other emotions that have turned inward and become frozen.
Depression is often common in young people who come from a dysfunctional background.
Depression is often difficult to diagnose because it can manifest in so many different ways.
Depression is often extremely difficult to diagnose.
Depression is often genetically and biologically determined and occurs without situational stress.
Depression is often misunderstood as a sign of personal weakness, or instability.
Depression is often part of grief.
Depression is often reversible with prompt and appropriate treatment.
Depression is often self-bullying.
Depression is often the result of trauma, loss or adjustment.
Depression is often under-diagnosed in older people.
Depression is often underidentified in children.
Depression is often untreated in people with heart disease.
Depression is on of the most common reasons why inmates often kill themselves.
Depression is on the rise amoung teenagers in our community.
Depression is one of greatest problems.
Depression is one of Satan's chief tools.
Depression is one of the conditions included.
Depression is one of the first signs, along with anxiety and irritability.
Depression is one of the main reasons why kids who are bullied commit suicide.
Depression is one of the major impediments to full physical and mental recovery from stroke.
Depression is one of the many indications covered by our vagus nerve stimulation method patents.
Depression is one of the more common disorders, especially among women.
Depression is one of the more common of the mood disorders.
Depression is one of the more common symptoms in the early stage of the disease.
Depression is one of the more persistent and defeating withdrawal symptoms.
Depression is one of the more treatable diseases.
Depression is one of the most common and most serious mental health problems facing people today.
Depression is one of the most common and treatable of all mental illnesses.
Depression is one of the most common but most treatable of mental disorders.
Depression is one of the most common disorders seen in primary care.
Depression is one of the most common medical illnesses.
Depression is one of the most common mental illnesses in America today.
Depression is one of the most common mental illnesses.
Depression is one of the most common mental-health problems.
Depression is one of the most common of all mental illnesses.
Depression is one of the most common psychiatric disorders among the elderly.
Depression is one of the most common psychiatric disorders.
Depression is one of the most common psychological consequences of chronic pain.
Depression is one of the most common reversible causes of weight loss in the elderly.
Depression is one of the most commonly misdiagnosed problems.
Depression is one of the most frequent mental disorders in the elderly.
Depression is one of the most frequent of all medical illnesses.
Depression is one of the most frequently undiagnosed problems in the United States.
Depression is one of the most readily treatable medical illnesses.
Depression is one of the most treatable medical problem and getting treatment can save lives.
Depression is one of the most treatable mental disorders.
Depression is one of the most treatable mental illnesses.
Depression is one of the most treatable of all medical illnesses.
Depression is one of the most treatable of all mental illnesses.
Depression is one of the most treatable of mental illnesses.
Depression is one of the three leading causes of disability worldwide.
Depression is one.
Depression is only a part of the grieving process no more and no less valid than the other stages.
Depression is our inability to deal with anger and pain.
Depression is our third line of defense.
Depression is over.
Depression is part of aging.
Depression Is Part Of It.
Depression is part of the human condition.
Depression is particularly common in women of child bearing age.
Depression is perhaps the most misunderstood of diseases.
Depression is pervasive and deep-rooted.
Depression is pervasive and unlifting.
Depression is present in the majority of people who commit suicide.
Depression is pretty self-explanatory.
Depression is prevalent for the elderly.
Depression is probably the commonest problem.
Depression is qualitatively different in older adults than in younger adults.
Depression is quite common in adolescence and adulthood.
Depression is quite common in people on the high functioning end of the spectrum.
Depression is quite simply an horrific state to be in.
Depression is rampant in our society.
Depression is rare.
Depression is real common.
Depression is real.
Depression is really compression .
Depression is really swallowed anger.
Depression is recognized as a medical condition and there is no substitute for therapy.
Depression is relatively common among older people, and it can lead to severe weight loss.
Depression is relatively common.
Depression is remarkably common.
Depression is schizoaffective disorder, the antidepressants certainly do play a role.
Depression is second only to heart disease in causing lost work days in America.
Depression is seductive, attractive, maybe even addictive.
Depression is seen as unmanly and shameful.
Depression is serious and can last a lifetime.
Depression is serious and, if left untreated, can worsen to the point of becoming life-threatening.
Depression is serious but it is also very treatable.
Depression is serious.
Depression is so common that it is second only to heart disease in causing lost workdays.
Depression is so much about loss of meaning.
Depression is so very common when dealing with a chronic illness.
Depression is something that can become worse over time.
Depression is something that goes with the territory.
Depression is something totally different.
Depression is sometimes a side effect of a drug.
Depression is sort of like a demon.
Depression is such a metaphorically rich illness.
Depression is suppressed anger, grief and desperation.
Depression is the cause of some compulsive shopping.
Depression is the common cold of mental health.
Depression is the common cold of mental illness.
Depression is the day after.
Depression is the devil's lesson.
Depression is the dreadful Nothing.
Depression is the feeling that all is being lost and the thought of no hope.
Depression is the fourth leading cause of loss of health in Australia.
Depression is the fourth stage of grief .
Depression is the leading cause of alcoholism, drug abuse and other addictions.
Depression is the leading cause of alcoholism, drug abuse, and other addictions.
Depression is the leading cause of alcoholism, drug abuse, and other similar addictions.
Depression is the leading cause of suicide in the United States.
Depression is the leading cause of suicide in young people.
Depression is the leading cause of teen suicide.
Depression is the leading mental health issue faced by transgender persons.
Depression is the leading mental health problem known today.
Depression is the main aftermath of a miscarriage, particularly if it is the first pregnancy.
Depression is the main cause of emotional problems in pHD's and can easily be treated.
Depression is the mental equivalent of pain.
Depression is the most common and the most treatable of all mental illnesses.
Depression is the most common cause for a person who enters a psychiatrical hospital.
Depression is the most common cause of persistent lethargy.
Depression is the most common complaint heard in doctor's offices today.
Depression is the most common emotional effect of stroke.
Depression is the most common emotional problem in the U.S. today.
Depression is the most common factor in requests for assisted suicide .
Depression is the most common form of psychiatric disorder.
Depression is the most common mental disorder, but also the most treatable.
Depression is the most common of all emotional disorders.
Depression is the most common precurson of suicide.
Depression is the most common psychological disorder.
Depression is the most common serious psychiatric disorder.
Depression is the most common serious psychiatric illness.
Depression is the most common such problem affecting the elderly.
Depression is the most common symptom among Vietnam veterans.
Depression is the most common symptom of a folic acid deficiency.
Depression is the most common, most misdiagnosed illness in America.
Depression is the most common, then anxiety disorders and small proportion bipolar disorder.
Depression is the most crucial risk factor related to both murder and suicide.
Depression is the most prevalent disorder known to date.
Depression is the most prevalent mental disorder of late life.
Depression is the most strongly implicated trait.
Depression is the most successfully treated of all the major mental illnesses.
Depression is the most treatable of all mental illnesses.
Depression is the most treatable of mental illnesses.
Depression is the most varied of all psychological disturbances.
Depression is the next stage.
Depression is the number one cause of suicide.
Depression is the number one mental health problem in our country.
Depression is the number-one cause of suicide.
Depression is the opposite of happiness.
Depression is the period of true grief, characterized by sadness and crying.
Depression is the pits, literally.
Depression is the primary cause of suicide .
Depression is the reason for multitudes of medical visits and tests that bear no diagnostic results.
Depression is the result of an alteration in the brain chemistry.
Depression is the second leading cause of medical impact and morbidity.
Depression is the second leading cause of morbidity due to illness and illness impact.
Depression is the second most common mental illness after anxiety disorders.
Depression is the single largest cause of absenteeism.
Depression is the single most common cause for substance abuse.
Depression is the thief of life.
Depression is the third most common illness in the world.
Depression is thought of as a wimp disorder.
Depression is thought to arise from abnormal levels of nonadrenaline and serotonin in the brain.
Depression is thought to result from a dysfunction in the noradrenergic or serotonergic systems.
Depression is thought to result from abnormal neurotransmitter activities.
Depression is three times the norm for persons in their age group.
Depression is tied to low serotonin levels.
Depression is too dangerous to play with.
Depression is too general a term to be very useful.
Depression is treatable and beat-able.
Depression is treatable, after all.
Depression is treatable, but only by recognizing symptoms can steps be taken to deal with it.
Depression is treatable, no matter what the person's age.
Depression is treatable.
Depression is treated based on the type and severity of the disorder.
Depression is treated with antidepressants that affect norepinephrine and serotonin in the brain.
Depression is treated with medication and psychotherapy, which is counseling.
Depression is triggered by a loss of self-esteem.
Depression is twice as rampant in nursing homes as elsewhere.
Depression is two times more common in women as in men.
Depression is two to three times more common in women than in men.
Depression is typically longer-lasting than an episode of grieving.
Depression is underdiagnosed and undertreated in the nursing facility population.
Depression is understandable, but is also quite distressing for patients and their caregivers.
Depression is universal and it attacks people of all ages and gender.
Depression is unthinkable.
Depression is usually a result of unattained expectations.
Depression is usually just anger turned inward.
Depression is usually large enough to hold a drop of liquid.
Depression is very common after childbirth.
Depression is very common among adolescents.
Depression is very common among people who have diabetes.
Depression is very common among the elderly.
Depression is very common at all ages.
Depression is very common but unfortunately people look at depression as a bad thing.
Depression is very common in caregivers.
Depression is very common in our society for a variety of reasons.
Depression is very common in women who are trying to become pregnant.
Depression is very common, especially early in the disease.
Depression is very common.
Depression is very costly in terms of treatment and lost time at work or school.
Depression is very dangerous.
Depression is very much like life itself - difficult to define, though easily recognizable.
Depression is very prevalent in our society.
Depression is very real and is treatable through therapy and medication.
Depression is very responsive to treatment.
Depression is very tough on family members.
Depression is very treatable and there are many options available.
Depression is very treatable if recognized.
Depression is very treatable through medication, therapy, and a new and enhanced attitude.
Depression is very treatable.
Depression is very, very likely.
Depression is well catered for.
Depression is widely misunderstood.
Depression is widespread among Indian women, with many turning to substance abuse as a way to cope.
Depression is widespread.
Depression is within the normal range of responses to life stresses.
Depression is worse than feeling blue.
Depression is, above all else, a vicious circle.
Depression isa condition.
Depression just knows what it feels .
Depression Keep in mind that it is okay to feel sad during the holiday seasons.
Depression knows no boundaries.
Depression knows no gender or age or status.
Depression lasts for weeks or months and sadness can be just a few days.
Depression lead to suicidal thoughts and attempt.
Depression leads to disability.
Depression leads to suicide.
Depression leaves people feeling empty, with a general apathy toward life.
Depression lives forever.
Depression looks different in a child than it does in a teenager or adult.
Depression looms just under the surface.
Depression makes a person feel hopeless about ever feeling better.
Depression makes a person feel tired, worthless, helpless, and hopeless.
Depression makes a sufferer feel extremely tired and small tasks feel like huge ones.
Depression makes it harder to deal with pain and also harder to handle stress.
Depression makes pain hurt more.
Depression makes people more sedentary, so it aggravates their health problems.
Depression makes some young women sluggish and apathetic, others angry and hate-filled.
Depression makes the caregiver vulnerable to a variety of unhealthy ways of coping.
Depression manifests itself in a myriad of ways.
Depression manifests itself in many forms.
Depression means different things to different people.
Depression means so many things.
Depression mediates the influence of social support on attachment style.
Depression occasionally develops in an MTC patient.
Depression occasionally takes the form of extreme irritability and outbursts of inappropriate anger.
Depression occurs frequently with aging.
Depression occurs frequently.
Depression occurs in conjunction with a whole host of diseases.
Depression occurs in fifteen to twenty-five percent of brain injury survivors.
Depression occurs in ordinary people.
Depression occurs in persons of all genders, ages, and backgrounds.
Depression occurs in up to half of people who've had heart attacks.
Depression occurs most often in women and the elderly.
Depression occurs only in adults.
Depression occurs when feelings of sadness or despair last for at least two weeks or longer.
Depression only occurs in weak people.
Depression presents with poor sleeping, eating, and feelings.
Depression preys on idle time.
Depression probably runs in our family.
Depression puffs up lung cancer. . .
Depression puts an end to joy.
Depression ranges from mild to severe.
Depression ranges from normal feelings of 'the blues' through dysthymia to major depression.
Depression ranges from normal feelings of the blues through dysthymia to major depression.
Depression ranges from normal feelings of 'the blues' to major depression.
Depression ranges in severity from being relatively mild to incapcitating.
Depression ranks among the top three workplace problems following only family crisis and stress.
Depression reduces health status when it occurs in late life.
Depression reduces one's ability to learn and concentrate when it is present.
Depression reduces the intensity of brain activity.
Depression reduces the quality of life.
Depression relies on isolation.
Depression represents a troubling concern for one in ten persons in our community.
Depression represents just a small part in a generalized or overall disinhibition disorder.
Depression represents the major cause of suicides.
Depression represents the spread of the fall to the entire world.
Depression requires both professional and social support.
Depression responds better to treatment than many other forms of mental illness.
Depression responds to fluoxetine, tricyclic agents, lithium, and electroconvulsive therapy.
Depression results from changes in the levels of brain chemicals that regulate mood.
Depression results from handling a down period sinfully.
Depression results in more days in bed than ulcers , diabetes , high blood pressure , or arthritis.
Depression results when a person has two or more negative thoughts for each two positive ones.
Depression returns when they stop drinking, so they tend to drink daily or often.
Depression robs one of joy.
Depression runs high among refugees, especially the elderly.
Depression runs in families to some extent.
Depression runs in families, it is passed down genetically.
Depression runs in families.
Depression seems static, subtle and inner focused.
Depression seems to be caused by a combination of environmental as well as chemical factors.
Depression seems to be endemic in contemporary America.
Depression seems to be linked with chemical changes in the part of brain that controls mood.
Depression seems to be the most common co-morbid condition.
Depression seems to involve a change in brain chemistry, including times of psychological trauma.
Depression sets in after the monthly bill paying.
Depression sets in and suicide is perceived as the solution.
Depression sets in.
Depression shows no boundaries.
Depression sits in, and the self-assessments start.
Depression spawns a heartfelt theme Of death, black skies, and endless time.
Depression speeds decline of old age, study finds.
Depression statistically is higher in women though it is on the rise in men.
Depression stems from as wide a range of causes as there are individuals.
Depression strikes all ages, races, and income brackets.
Depression strikes backgrounds, ages, possible causes people of all nationalities, and lifestyles.
Depression strikes one out of eight children.
Depression strikes people of all ages, backgrounds, lifestyles and nationalities.
Depression strikes women more than men, two to one respectively.
Depression Take our quick screening test and learn when to get professional help.
Depression takes a beating.
Depression takes a high toll in personal productivity.
Depression Takes a Terrible Toll.
Depression takes a tremendous toll on children - physically, mentally and socially.
Depression takes many different forms, each of which varies from person to person.
Depression takes many forms.
Depression tends to affect people who have low self-esteem and a pessimistic outlook on life.
Depression tends to be highest in the winter and lowest in the summer.
Depression tends to be more global and last longer.
Depression tends to foster unremitting thoughts of sadness, guilt, and lack of a desire to live.
Depression tends to make pain worse by lowering the threshold to pain.
Depression tends to occur in families.
Depression tends to run in families.
Depression then gives way to inner peace.
Depression There is a strong link between depression and sleep disturbances.
Depression touches all types of people.
Depression typically follows with accompanying sadness.
Depression ultimately offers no hope.
Depression varies from person to person.
Depression wears many faces.
Depressions affect activities.
Depressions also offer great benefits to capitalism.
Depressions are actually recovery processes during which maladjustments are purged from the economy.
Depressions are among the most common mental disorders - and the most treatable.
Depressions are crisises.
Depressions are economic conditions.
Depressions are harder to shake off.
Depressions are health problems.
Depressions are hell.
Depressions are mental illnesses.
Depressions are mood.
Depressions are more dominant in winter than in summer.
Depressions are objectionable visible voids or shallow areas that are lightly covered by breading.
Depressions are objectionable visible voids or shallow areas which are lightly covered by breading.
Depressions are pushs.
Depressions are sadness.
Depressions are shaded.
Depressions are up to a foot in diameter.
Depressions are usually mild to moderate, but they can be severe.
Depressions cause inactivity.
Depressions cause suicide.
Depressions come, and, usually within months, they go.
Depressions contain the some of the finest deposits on the floodplain because of their elevation.
Depressions deserve treatment.
Depressions develop when warm air from the sub-tropics meets cold air from the polar regions.
Depressions have a closed circulation.
Depressions indicate the exact location of reliable fruiting .
Depressions lead to illnesses.
Depressions occur when warm air meets cold air.
Depressions overflow and form small rills .
Depressions tend to be long lasting, e.g., from months to years.
Depressions tend to last longer than manic episodes.
Depressions tend to move with the wind around large, well-established anticyclones.
Depressions therefore bring unsettled weather and rain.
Depressions tracking east across the Atlantic bring strong SW winds, usually of gale force.
Depression always indicates substance abuse problems in the person or in the family.
Depression always seems like being detached, uncaring, unmoved by anything, without highs or lows.
Depression always seems to improve dramatically or it clears up altogether.
Depression frequently goes undiagnosed and untreated among the marginalized.
Depression frequently plays a role in cigarette smoking.
Depression often accompanies epilepsy.
Depression often accompanies feelings of anxiety.
Depression often accompanies stress.
Depression often affects women immediately following the birth of their babies.
Depression often begins as grief.
Depression often begins early in life, and reoccurrences throughout life are the rule.
Depression often causes actual rejection subtle or overt.
Depression often coexists with anxiety .
Depression often comes after some great moment in life.
Depression often develops in of patients with chronic insomnia.
Depression often follows.
Depression often goes unrecognized.
Depression often hits weeks after the disclosure, when shock wears off and implications sink in.
Depression often improves by the end of the first week of treatment.
Depression often involves biological as well as social factors.
Depression often is a result of abusive relationships.
Depression often is related to the following.
Depression often makes people tired and irritable.
Depression often masquerades as anxiety.
Depression often occurs at the same time as other physical illnesses.
Depression often occurs early in the course of the illness.
Depression often occurs in a diabetic after the loss of a loved one.
Depression often recurs, however, even with treatment.
Depression often requires long-term treatment.
Depression often requires professional treatment.
Depression often requires treatment.
Depression often runs in families and is more common in women.
Depression often runs in families.
Depression often runs in the family via genetics.
Depression often seems to occur with elderly persons who are experiencing cognitive difficulties.
Depression often sets in.
Depression often strikes after surgery.
Depression often strikes during a flare-up.
Depressions often improve in a day or two.
Depressions often occur with people suffering from a chronic disease and they mostly cause fatigue.
Depression sometimes accompanies the condition adding to the headache problem.
Depression sometimes causes disturbances of appetite and sleep patterns.
Depression sometimes follows an injury, particularly to the head.
Depression sometimes stems from a teen's extreme negative view of the world.
Depression usually becomes more severe as the condition progresses.
Depression usually begins in adolescence or early adulthood.
Depression usually causes younger adults to become tearful, withdrawn, and noticeably unhappy.
Depression usually develops over a period of weeks or months.
Depression usually follows a detoxification crisis.
Depression usually follows.
Depression usually is treated with medicine, counseling, or medicine combined with counseling.
Depression usually persists longer in an elderly patient than in a younger patient.
Depression usually strikes adults, mostly women.
Any depression involves symptoms and is considered very serious.
Any depression is a problem, and regularly occurring depression is a serious problem.
Any depression is an illness that can be treated.
Every depression is guaranteed to throw up monetary cranks and snake-oil merchants.
Many depressions respond to psychotherapy alone, sometimes quickly, sometimes more slowly.
MORE Depression can go unnoticed among seniors.
Most depression is a reaction to an unhappy event.
Most depression is probably the result of several factors interacting.
Most depression is situational and of brief duration.
Most depression is survivable.
Most depression is treated in an outpatient setting.
Most depressions affect activities.
Most depressions are mild, but they can also be serious, recurrent illnesses.
Most depressions lead to illnesses.
Most depressions start more quickly than dementia, which is a slower and more gradual process.
Much depression is related to dysregulation of the neurotransmitter serotonin.
Some depression does come from spiritual sources.
Some depression invades a typical everyday life from out of the blue.
Some depression is a very real part of grief.
Some depression is caused by a chemical imbalance in the brain.
Some depression is inherited, but only in a small percentage of cases.
Some depression is normal and is a part of almost every person s life.
Some depression results from sustained, untreated anxiety.
Some depressions are at least partly inherited.
Some depressions are over ten feet deep.
Some depressions become storms.
Some depressions become tropical storms.
Some depressions can be so severe that they can cause some break with reality.
Some depressions help depressions.
Some depressions lead to thoughts.
Some depressions persist for weeks.
Some depressions produced by wind deflation reach down to water bearing rocks.
Some depressions require modification.
Some depressions result in injuries.
Some depressions result in serious injuries.
Depressive bosses take little pleasure in work or leisure activities.
Depressive disorder is affective disorder.
Depressive disorder is an emotional disturbance
Depressive disorder is one of the most successfully treated disorders.
Depressive disorders are highly treatable.
Depressive disorders bring their own little pieces of hell to live through.
Depressive disorders can make individuals feel exhausted, worthless, helpless, and hopeless.
Depressive disorders can put women at risk for suicide.
Depressive disorders come in different forms, just as do many other illnesses.
Depressive disorders come in different forms, just as do other illnesses such as heart disease.
Depressive disorders come in different forms, just as do other illnesses such as heart diseases.
Depressive disorders come in different forms, just as do other illnesses, such as heart disease.
Depressive disorders come in different forms, just like other illnesses.
Depressive disorders come in different forms.
Depressive disorders come in various forms.
Depressive disorders interfere with individual and family functioning.
Depressive disorders respond readily to treatments such as psychotherapy or appropriate medication.
Most depressive disorders are readily treatable with a combination of medication and psychotherapy.
Depressive episodes can occur alone or alternate with episodes of excited behavior called manic.
Some depressive episodes appear for no reason.
Some depressive episodes occur suddenly for no apparent reason.
Depressive illness can recur.
Depressive illness can strike anyone.
Depressive illnesses are different.
Depressive illnesses are serious but treatable disorders.
Depressive illnesses involve a set of painful symptoms that can last for months, sometimes years.
Depressive moods are contagious.
Depressive moods can result in wasting enormous amounts of time and energy.
Depressive reactions can occur.
Depressive symptoms are common in hospitalized older persons.
Depressive symptoms are common in people with psychotic disorders.
Depressive symptoms are common, and suicide is possible.
Depressive symptoms are the most common neuropsychiatric manifestation of folate deficiency.
Depressive symptoms are the most common neuropsychiatric manifestation of folic acid deficiency.
Depressive symptoms are usually of less intensity and duration than diagnosable depression.
Depressive symptoms occur on a spectrum ranging from normal to abnormal.
Depressive syndromes occur frequently in such circumstances.
Depressive type is associated with major depressive episodes.
A depressive is a sufferer
Most depressives feel better after the first treatment, too.
Deprivation of liberty is a serious matter.
Deprivation exists in many rural areas, but is much more covert than urban deprivation.
Deprivation has a large and continuing effect on attendance patterns.
Deprivation includes material, social, and multiple deprivation.
Deprivation is an interesting concept.
Deprivation is ancient thinking.
Deprivation is another factor.
Deprivation is linked to late attendance and weighted entry.
Deprivation is one of the primary causes of any depression.
Deprivation is out, moderation is in.
Deprivation is social control
Deprivation leads to bingeing.
Deprivation leads to frustration.
Deprivation leads to obsession, the mother of bingeing.
Deprivation means to have a possession or enjoyment taken away.
Deprivation only leads to overindulgence later.
Deprivation studies eg.
Deprivation tends to lead to overeating.
Deprivation works both ways, it seems.
Deprivation frequently is used experimentally to induce a detectable drive.
Deprived areas have relatively poor road safety records.
Depth charge is a bomb
Depth charge is bombs.
Depth charges are underwater bombs.
Depth charges cause heart attacks.
Depth charges causes the sub to leak water.
Many depth charges explode all around a submarine.
Depth contours are contour lines.
Depth contours are in meters.
Depth contours are in metres.
Depth contours depict the bathymetry of the adjacent seas.
Depth conversion can therefore be a first-order validation method.
Some depth filters are partially cleanable, either by backwashing, or by brushing the outer surface.
A depth finder is an instrument
Depth finders use echoes from the ocean bottom to measure the depth of the water.
A depth gauge is a gage
Depth gauge is required for all divers.
Depth gauges are gauges.
Depth hoar is almost the rule.
Depth interviews ferret out complex consumer and corporate decision behavior.
Depth of field depends on aperture, focal length, and shooting distance.
Depth of field indicates how much of the image appears in focus.
Depth of field is a serious problem.
Depth of field is a subjective quantity.
Depth of field is actually a tool for cameras with variable focus.
Depth of field is adjusted by the iris.
Depth of field is all over the place, and attention to detail comes and goes.
Depth of field is almost infinite.
Depth of field is also incredible, especially for a special effects film developed in a computer.
Depth of field is amazing considering that most of the action takes place in the desert.
Depth of field is amazing, as is attention to detail.
Depth of field is amazing, going on forever without any breakup.
Depth of field is amazing, going on forever, while attention to detail is immaculate.
Depth of field is amazing, going on forever.
Depth of field is amazing, while attention to detail is exact.
Depth of field is amazing, while attention to detail is specific.
Depth of field is amazingly deep, with nice attention to detail.
Depth of field is another problem.
Depth of field is described as the ranges from the lens at which a scene is in focus.
Depth of field is directly proportional to the f-number.
Depth of field is dramatic, with vivid attention to detail.
Depth of field is especially strong, as is attention to detail.
Depth of field is even worse.
Depth of field is excellent, with really nice attention to detail.
Depth of field is good, and attention to detail is vivid.
Depth of field is good, plus attention to detail is better than average.
Depth of field is greater behind the subject than in front.
Depth of field is impressive, as is attention to detail.
Depth of field is never a substitute for focusing correctly in the first place.
Depth of field is of course minimal so a tripod is usually called for.
Depth of field is okay, and so is attention to detail.
Depth of field is okay, while a pristine master allows for a clean print with pure whites.
Depth of field is okay, while attention to detail is fair.
Depth of field is outstanding, as is attention to detail.
Depth of field is perfect, with excellent attention to detail.
Depth of field is pretty decent considering that most of the film takes place in the snow.
Depth of field is quite impressive, especially in the dark scenes.
Depth of field is respectable, while attention to detail is strong.
Depth of field is simply another tool a photographer has when composing a picture.
Depth of field is smallest there.
Depth of field is the area in sharp focus in front of and behind the lens focal point.
Depth of field is the area in which the image appears to be in focus.
Depth of field is the corridor of sharp focus in front of and behind the main subject.
Depth of field is the distance from the nearest to farthest point in shot that appears in focus.
Depth of field is the distance range within which objects in a picture look sharp.
Depth of field is the range of distances from the camera which are in focus.
Depth of field is varied, as is attention to detail.
Depth of field refers to the apparent sharpness within the picture field, from near to far.
Depth of field seems to go on forever, while attention to detail is evident in every frame.
Depth of focus is inversely proportional to magnification and aperture diameter.
Depth perception allows the beholder to accurately gauge the distance to an object.
Depth perception arises from a variety of depth cues.
Depth perception becomes another issue.
Depth perception can be difficult when lining up for a saw cut.
Depth perception comes from the amount of overlap in the field of vision of the two eyes.
Depth perception depends upon binocular vision.
Depth perception does rely on binocular vision, but it also uses many other monocular cues.
Depth perception has monocular and binocular cues.
Depth perception is a bit skewed.
Depth perception is a very fragile visual function.
Depth perception is affected.
Depth perception is destroyed.
Depth perception is diminished.
Depth perception is hard to learn.
Depth perception is highly increased.
Depth perception is important in animals, such as hawks and owls, in order to hunt on the wing.
Depth perception is important to primates.
Depth perception is poor at night.
Depth perception is poor.
Depth perception is related either to the water depth or the terrain elevation.
Depth perception is the visual ability to perceive the world in three dimensions.
Depth perception is very different under low light conditions.
Depth perception plays a major part, here.
Depth perceptions are visual perceptions.
Some depth perception is lost with fluorescent also.
A depth psychology is psychotherapy
Depth psychology understands violence to belong to the gods.
Depth sounders record the sound bouncing off the sea bottom.
Depth testing is enabled and writes to the depth buffer are disabled.
Depth adds visibility, especially for night viewing.
Depth affects aquatic organisms indirectly through increased pressure and by the reduction of light.
Depth affects productivity.
Depth affects variation.
Depth alone is no good either.
Depth also determines a canoe's ability to carry a load.
Depth also includes staying power, which is the access to adequate resources to continue the fight.
Depth also plays a part in slender sole distribution.
Depth also varies according to soil consistency.
Depth are color coordinated for easy identification.
Depth becomes a concern.
Depth becomes indistinct and hazy, with the use of shadow as a foreground for the canvas.
Depth can be a difficult thing to determine.
Depth can vary, too.
Depth cause either potato toward little important cruel beggar around any space.
Depth comes about when workers increase their interpretive and responsive skills.
Depth comes from redshirts and true freshmen.
Depth comes through courses and research work in one of the emphasis areas of the program.
Depth counts a lot more in the fall.
Depth Create an ever-expanding world.
Depth defines the number of images in the Z dimension of the volume.
Depth demonstrates a capacity for reflection and self-correction.
Depth depends on mounting direction.
Depth determines how the duplicated movie clip appears when overlapping other objects.
Depth determines the embossed carve depth.
Depth differ between no story after dug chicago bull emblem.
Depth divide toward the vegetable.
Depth dream off all hand after swelled cheap racquetball.
Depth fail Side by wheel through the outdoor clothing gear yet fed during the nut.
Depth filtering elements allow for greater capacity with no band spreading or loss in performance.
Depth fluctuates over time.
Depth gets interesting, since the mounting area sits at an angle.
Depth here is really an issue.
Depth hoar crystal.
Depth hoar occurs because snow insulates the earth's surface.
Depth includes terminals.
Depth indicates the distance in terms of neighborhood as illustrated.
Depth integrated values are chlorophyll, primary production, and productivity index.
Depth is a big concern.
Depth is a concern with all of the secondary.
Depth is a concern, especially in midfield.
Depth is a concern, even though the backups played well against Indianapolis.
Depth is a concern.
Depth is a huge advantage.
Depth is a huge asset in the tournament and Illinois has it.
Depth is a key for any team that wants to make a run for a conference championship.
Depth is a key to any team's championship hopes.
Depth is a little bit of a question right now.
Depth is a major concern.
Depth is a plus but it lacks experience.
Depth is a plus.
Depth is a problem.
Depth is a question mark, but starting five is imposing.
Depth is a question.
Depth is a very important topic as well when discussing the eye.
Depth is a wonderful thing to have, but at the same time it takes time to get used to.
Depth is abundant and several players can play multiple positions.
Depth is accentuated shooting with a multiplane setup under the camera.
Depth is achieved afterwards.
Depth is achieved by a career specialization in one of the nine major areas of business study.
Depth is achieved through a greater understanding of the history of the discipline.
Depth is achieved through requirements for majors and minors.
Depth is achieved when students identify a primary field of study.
Depth is added with an antechamber upstage of the main acting area.
Depth is again a problem.
Depth is almost imperceptible, but the life it gives is every bit as potent.
Depth is also a concern.
Depth is also a problem.
Depth is also an important factor to consider when placing a farm site.
Depth is also important.
Depth is also the key for the women's team.
Depth is always a factor throughout the season, and the Warriors have several capable runners.
Depth is always critical to research.
Depth is always relative.
Depth is amazing.
Depth is an early problem at guard.
Depth is an enemy of arrogance.
Depth is an important factor of soils.
Depth is an important part of our understanding and appreciation of landscape.
Depth is an issue at punter.
Depth is another concern.
Depth is another magic effect.
Depth is another matter entirely.
Depth is approximate.
Depth is attributes.
Depth is better than breadth.
Depth is calculated from height.
Depth is certainly a concern is some areas.
Depth is classified as partial or full thickness.
Depth is constant regardless of wavelength.
Depth is controlled by thrusters.
Depth is controlled hydraulically, too.
Depth is counted from the top down.
Depth is created by working from the top down.
Depth is created through interaction between density and transparency of color.
Depth is critical here.
Depth is critical.
Depth is crucial to the maneuverability of large ships.
Depth is decent on defense.
Depth is defined as how many layers of forwarding there are.
Depth is degrees.
Depth is determined by assuming several point sources.
Depth is developed through the completion of a major course of study in a single discipline.
Depth is encoded in the visual cortex by a specialized receptive field structure.
Depth is estimated by using a rope hanging from the boat.
Depth is even more important in the playoffs.
Depth is extent
Depth is extent.
Depth is extracted by the user through intuitive tools using the powerful notion of selection.
Depth is extremely important, so test the hole by placing the tree inside.
Depth is for dolphins.
Depth is for drainage.
Depth is greater than breadth.
Depth is iffy at best.
Depth is implied by the distribution of colour within the canvas.
Depth is important because larger fish in schools are often below the more active fish.
Depth is important because temperatures, moisture, and aeration vary with depth.
Depth is important, too.
Depth is important.
Depth is in centimeters below the sediment surface.
Depth is in kilometers.
Depth is indicated by the sizes of the atoms.
Depth is indicated through atmospheric perspective and layering.
Depth is like the root system that supports the visible tree.
Depth is measured from the top of the bulb to the soil surface.
Depth is measured in column inches.
Depth is measured in kilometers.
Depth is minimal.
Depth is more helpful than breadth.
Depth is more important than breadth.
Depth is needed at wide receiver, offensive line, fullback and cornerback.
Depth is no problem with three new players added to the fold.
Depth is nonexistent.
Depth is normally unlimited.
Depth is obtained through proportional analysis.
Depth is obtained through two required semester courses that build on one of the above courses.
Depth is often a function of the lip's surface area and angle.
Depth is only one goal.
Depth is only one way of characterizing the ocean floor.
Depth is produced primarily from the display of an object from two slightly different perspectives.
Depth is provided in one of three areas.
Depth is provided through studies in an area of concentration and through a capstone thesis project.
Depth is realized through intense training in a major.
Depth is realized through intensive training in a major.
Depth is regions.
Depth is related to breadth.
Depth is related to water pressure.
Depth is scanty.
Depth is shallow to keep molding simple.
Depth is shown in kilometers.
Depth is shown in meters, feet or fathoms.
Depth is significant in the search for life.
Depth is slightly more than a meter.
Depth is so crucial.
Depth is still a concern for the coaches, but at least there are some weapons to take into battle.
Depth is subtly and believably layered.
Depth is such an important key to success in a sport that gives points for second place.
Depth is supposed to put an end to the play of surfaces by securing their foundation.
Depth is the answer.
Depth is the biggest question mark.
Depth is the extension of operations in time, space, resources, and purpose.
Depth is the height of a gemstone measured from the culet to the table.
Depth is the most important aspect to the actual laying of the asphalt.
Depth is the mystery of life, the hidden dimension.
Depth is the name of the game.
Depth is the next crucial consideration.
Depth is the number of edges traversed in unique path to root.
Depth is the only potential stumbling block.
Depth is the second part of angles.
Depth is the vertical distance between the probe and the surface of the water.
Depth is unimportant.
Depth is usually a problem in our league.
Depth is usually about five feet below grade.
Depth is very important when trolling for large fish.
Depth is very important.
Depth is very much related to temperature and light.
Depth is what wins championships.
Depth is, of course, a joke.
Depth isa magnitude.
Depth jumps with a jump up to another box.
Depth locks across servers are problematic.
Depth looks to be key.
Depth makes a mind good.
Depth makes the difference.
Depth means that human beings are capable of playing at many different levels of expertise.
Depth means the longest distance from the receiver to the farthest leaf node.
Depth Now look at the tail end of the dial calipers.
Depth only matters if there are a lot of injuries.
Depth own past most hay after relieve blood horse.
Depth perform Business within a noise inside the variation.
Depth plays no part in determining stocking rates.
Depth prevents windblown line.
Depth refers to how many links to follow.
Depth refers to the internal self or information of an individual that is kept private.
Depth refers to the thickness of the item across the spine.
Depth refers to time, distance, and resources available to the commander for the mission.
Depth relates to the number of colors used.
Depth represents how deeply a table resides in other tables.
Depth represents precipitation per unit area.
Depth represents the nested levels to retrieve.
Depth requires a conscious regard for the contributions of the past.
Depth runs nine deep.
Depth staging occasionally occurs.
Depth There are three campaigns.
Depth varies widely.
Depth work intrinsically entails working in the dark and with the dark.
Depths are below sea level.
Depths are generally less than four feet, making it an extremely tricky place to run a boat.
Depths are impossible to judge.
Depths are in feet.
Depths are in kilometers.
Depths are in km.
Depths are in meters and the charts include information in both English and Spanish.
Depths are in meters.
Depths are in metres.
Depths are mostly less than ten feet.
Depths are negative below sea level.
Depths are positive below a datum of sea level.
Depths can get quite deep in the canyon so care is advised.
Depths depend on the day and water temperature.
Depths Experience the dark depression of a woman facing middle-age crisis.
Depths increase across the arc to the Caribbean.
Depths range from about ten to fifty feet.
Depths range from extreme shallows to awesome depths.
Depths range from two-foot shallows to pools that go well over six feet.
Depths refer to mean low water.
Depths run out taster on the water than on the chart.
Depths shown here are below current sea level.
Depths tend to be greatest in the center, and the channel markers are often set in shallow water.
Depths vary and different categories of divers are sure to find suitable ones.
Depths vary depending on the amount of sand build up.
Depths vary from area to area.
All depths are in inches.
All depths are in meters.
All depths refer to depth from the surface and are in meters.
More depth is added.
More depth means a greater pool of talent.
Most depth affects productivity.
Most depth is calculated from height.
Some depth has effects.
Some depth has positive effects.
Some depth is needed.
Deputation is empowerment
Deputation takes too long.
Deputized children help the sheriff capture the villains.
Deputy heads can approve the individual performance awards.
Deputy marshals seize possibly famous ships in Newport Harbor Cars.
Some deputy ministers are appointed by presidents.
A deputy sheriff is a lawman
Deputy sheriffs are responsible for enforcing the laws within the county in which they work.
Deputy sheriffs have departments.
Most deputy sheriffs have departments.
Some deputy surveyors lead crews.
A deputy is a lawman
Deputies activate the belt by using a device similar to a television remote control.
Deputies also claim they heard no barking dogs from inside the residence.
Deputies also come and go.
Deputies also deliver court papers and execute court orders.
Deputies also expect to a make a third arrest in the near future.
Deputies also inspect bikes on request and pass out free helmets and T-shirts.
Deputies also place nighteyes cards on doors of businesses during the evening hours and on holidays.
Deputies also provide direct assistance to city residents and their police.
Deputies also provide security for the county s court system.
Deputies are agents.
Deputies are also welcome.
Deputies are assistants.
Deputies are available upon request for rush and emergency services as determined by a supervisor.
Deputies are courteous to one another.
Deputies are elected in each constituency through a two-rounds system.
Deputies are excellent conductors of electricity.
Deputies are legislators.
Deputies are on the scene in minutes.
Deputies are ready to approve five articles of the second part up to summer holidays.
Deputies are to approve laws taken by legislative assembly.
Deputies are turnin' up dead, shot in the dark like dogs.
Deputies are welcome at baronial officer meetings. .
Deputies arrest teen from Saratoga for possession of pipe bombs, hazardous materials.
Deputies arrest the father for child endangerment for the traffic incident.
Deputies arrest the woman for domestic violence and assault with a deadly weapon.
Deputies arrive as the couple are fighting on the driveway.
Deputies arrive at scenes.
Deputies arrive on scenes.
Deputies ask debtors for keys to truck.
Deputies assist groups by hosting jail and prison tours.
Deputies attempt to tailor their presentations based on the organizations interests.
Deputies attending the party do so as volunteers donating their off-duty time to the program.
Deputies can also control cell doors by hand.
Deputies can check vehicle, driving, and arrest records via the terminal as well.
Deputies chase it home.
Deputies claim that they arrived at a lighted house with their lights flashing.
Deputies conduct routine safety checks, and failing the inspection can mean a citation and fines.
Deputies defend their redutos with amendments.
Deputies do more than law enforcement.
Deputies do the toughest job in the county and deserve better.
Deputies enforce state and county ordinances to make arrests.
Deputies enjoy immunity from prosecution for the duration of the parliamentary period.
Deputies follow men.
Deputies go to the floor.
Deputies have (part) arms.
Deputies have (part) body substances.
Deputies have (part) cell membranes.
Deputies have (part) cells.
Deputies have (part) corpi.
Deputies have (part) cytoplasm.
Deputies have (part) heads.
Deputies have (part) human bodies.
Deputies have (part) legs.
Deputies have (part) material bodies.
Deputies have (part) necks.
Deputies have (part) nuclei.
Deputies have (part) personality.
Deputies have (part) plasma membranes.
Deputies have (part) sections.
Deputies have (part) vacuoles.
Deputies have a seven-step pay scale.
Deputies have no suspects in the case.
Deputies have no suspects.
Deputies have power.
Deputies have several options regarding their decision on the adoption of the budget.
Deputies inch toward unionization.
Deputies joke that the sheriff commands a navy, a cavalry and a tank division.
Deputies live and work within their assigned patrol district.
Deputies make home visits in an effort to minimize truancy problems.
Deputies occasionally assist the incorporated areas when calls backlog in their jurisdictions.
Deputies perform jobs.
Deputies play an extremely important role, making our limited full-time staff more effective.
Deputies promise to try to pick up the person or place a boot on the person's car.
Deputies provide security.
Deputies provide supervision, direction, and counseling to the defendants.
Deputies read the note and obtained a search warrant.
Deputies receive a one-percent longevity increase by statute.
Deputies receive specialized training in dignitary protection and crowd control.
Deputies reside in strategic locations throughout the county.
Deputies respond to calls.
Deputies responding to the area, did locate a number of horses that had in fact, been shot.
Deputies say it happened outside Bates's mobile home on North Daniels Creek Road in Henry County.
Deputies say the man fled the scene in a small white pickup.
Deputies say they have a couple of leads.
Deputies say they've lost a good boss and a great friend.
Deputies serve for four years.
Deputies share collective responsibility for decisions made.
Deputies simply say it's a suspicious death.
Deputies stay on their existing pay spine for the time being.
Deputies strongly urge residents to lock their vehicles and keep their valuables out of sight.
Deputies take their patrol units home and are subject to call on emergencies.
Deputies then go to the homes and check on the students.
Deputies undergo mandatory human diversity training.
Deputies use dogs to search woods near the house but find no trace of the baby.
Deputies violate basic gun safety while handling weapons.
Deputies visit the area schools in their districts to have lunch with the children.
Deputies wear uniforms with a light blue shirt, dark blue pants and a dark blue campaign hat.
Deputies wear uniforms, carry firearms and operate marked patrol vehicles.
Deputies work a rotating schedule of four ten-hour days and are assigned their own patrol vehicles.
Deputies work in areas.
Deputies work in north bend areas.
Deputy extinguishes it.
Deputy isa defender.
Deputy isa guardian.
Deputies always come in pairs, an imposing corn-fed one and another who is skinny.
All deputies have the right to initiate legislation.
All deputies have the right to submit questions to the government and other state bodies.
All deputies wear the same badge, with their rank printed in the upper banner.
Many deputies are, publicly or intentionally, planning to run for the forthcoming elections.
Most deputies arrive at scenes.
Most deputies arrive on scenes.
Most deputies favor retaining the death penalty.
Most deputies follow men.
Most deputies have power.
Most deputies perform jobs.
Most deputies provide security.
Most deputies respond to calls.
Most deputies work in areas.
Most deputies work in north bend areas.
Some deputies come to houses.
Some deputies die from injuries.
Some deputies have additional expertise in major crime investigation and interviewing.
Some deputies report men.
Some deputies respond to homes.
Some deputies return to streets.
Some deputies shoot dogs.
Some deputies simply pay their dues at the jail before moving on to patrol or other duties.
Some deputies use facilities.
Derailed axons get on track.
A derailment is misfortune
Derailments are mishap.
Derailments can also explain lack of activity.
Derailments happen a bit too easily, for instance.
Every derailment is unique.
Derby City is currently in the first division of the Unison East Midlands league.
All derby tickets sold are eligible for the drawing.
Every derby winner has a story to tell.
A derby is a hat
Derbies continue to be a draw for kids of all ages.
Some derbies require replacing original gas tanks with the plastic variety used in motor boats.
Deregulation adds another layer of stress on the system.
Deregulation allows consumers to bargain-hunt for the service package that best fits their needs.
Deregulation allows gas brokers to compete with the local utility for sales.
Deregulation allows many parties to act as buyers and sellers.
Deregulation also allows the public to support renewables through their electricity bills.
Deregulation also prompts new entrants and consolidations.
Deregulation also requires ending federal micromanagement of utilities.
Deregulation appears to be a step back in time.
Deregulation appears to have done little to halt the trend of increasing cable rates.
Deregulation breaks the monopoly and encourages competition.
Deregulation brings less oversight over the regional grid .
Deregulation can be good, if managed properly.
Deregulation can come later.
Deregulation can hurt though.
Deregulation can keep it connected and powered up cheaply.
Deregulation can lead to privatisation.
Deregulation changes how money is made in an industry.
Deregulation comes at a time when most companies are downsizing staffs.
Deregulation creates a competitive environment that makes the rates go down.
Deregulation creates incentives to build more plants and to sell more electricity.
Deregulation demands that the few dominant insiders for the most part give up their privileges.
Deregulation deserves more credit than it gets.
Deregulation equals more competition.
Deregulation equals more vendors equals more speed equals better Internet access.
Deregulation feeds it.
Deregulation generally allows for increased competition and lower prices for consumers.
Deregulation generally opens the nation's electrical power grids to additional suppliers.
Deregulation generates a new racket.
Deregulation guts good jobs.
Deregulation harms the labor force in many ways.
Deregulation has connotations of a lack of regulation.
Deregulation helps the environment.
Deregulation is a big one.
Deregulation is a disaster everywhere.
Deregulation is a disaster when there's a shortage.
Deregulation is a failure.
Deregulation is a global trend.
Deregulation is a good example.
Deregulation is a misnomer .
Deregulation is a release
Deregulation is a threat to the entire economy.
Deregulation is about to widen.
Deregulation is all about money.
Deregulation is also a big-time pocketbook issue for the utilities.
Deregulation is also an important landmark for academia.
Deregulation is also the basis of trade liberalisation initiatives.
Deregulation is also vital to the creation of new firms and new jobs.
Deregulation is another new weapon of choice in the war against the environment.
Deregulation is another term to give the monopoly more money.
Deregulation is another way that states are encouraging competition through regulatory changes.
Deregulation is both a crisis and an opportunity for the environment.
Deregulation is certainly a very important part of the story.
Deregulation is difficult and some people always suffer in the short run.
Deregulation is effective immediately.
Deregulation is en vogue.
Deregulation is especially important.
Deregulation is far from complete, however.
Deregulation is good for the environment.
Deregulation is good for the future of electrolysis.
Deregulation is great.
Deregulation is in the law.
Deregulation is inevitable.
Deregulation is introduced gradually.
Deregulation is law.
Deregulation is liberations.
Deregulation is likely to magnify the environmental damage caused by the electricity industry.
Deregulation is necessary to increase the supply of commercial transit services.
Deregulation is no paean to freedom.
Deregulation is nothing more than a trendy government buzzword for legal market manipulation.
Deregulation is often a good thing.
Deregulation is on hold, and reregulation is being considered in some states.
Deregulation is on the horizon.
Deregulation is one strand of supply-side economics .
Deregulation is one.
Deregulation is out.
Deregulation is potentially good.
Deregulation is predicated on the idea that human nature is basically good.
Deregulation is probably a good idea.
Deregulation is re-energizing utilities, shifting power from energy suppliers to consumers.
Deregulation is the dismantling of the old monopoly system and turning it into a competitive market.
Deregulation is the integral part of the privatization process.
Deregulation is the key.
Deregulation is the most urgent demand of the business world.
Deregulation is the obvious path to economic revitalization.
Deregulation is the only way to prevent such a situation.
Deregulation is the word that is used, but what's really meant is privatization.
Deregulation is undoubtedly at fault.
Deregulation is unfeasible in large part due to Japanese demographics.
Deregulation is used to dismantle the accountability of governments and corporations.
Deregulation is when an industry is mandated by law to open itself up to competition.
Deregulation leads to a major realignment of the economics of production assets.
Deregulation lets customers choose their electric company.
Deregulation makes marketing important.
Deregulation means getting government out of the issue.
Deregulation means innovation.
Deregulation means lower prices.
Deregulation means more than success in the core business.
Deregulation means that there is competition out there.
Deregulation means that utilities no longer have to provide electricity.
Deregulation means the historical monopolies granted to a few large utilities are being eliminated.
Deregulation means the local power company is now competitive.
Deregulation means the quest for the lowest possible common denominator.
Deregulation means there is no effective policing of what is traded.
Deregulation moves competition to a previously unseen level.
Deregulation obviously means ending the status of investor-owned utilities as protected monopolies.
Deregulation occupies most of the energies of capital lawmakers.
Deregulation only guarantees access to the market.
Deregulation opens a whole new arena for skilled advisors.
Deregulation opens up an entirely new opportunity for investors there.
Deregulation presents both challenges and opportunity for the environment.
Deregulation promises deeper price reductions for large power users, such as industrial plants.
Deregulation promises to make nuclear power plants even less competitive.
Deregulation promotes competition.
Deregulation provides a wonderful maze of communication stumbling blocks.
Deregulation provides consumers with too many choices.
Deregulation provides incentive for both providers and consumers.
Deregulation really does seem to be kicking in.
Deregulation refers to the complete or partial elimination of regulations in a sector.
Deregulation releases the captive customers.
Deregulation serves American and international business.
Deregulation sounds good.
Deregulation sounds so American, so free enterprise.
Deregulation stimulates many opportunities for small, specialized businesses.
Deregulation works again.
Deregulation often results in more rather than less complexity.
Deregulation usually takes place as a part of reform.
A derelict is a ship
Derelicts is now back in print.
Derepressed chromatin is characterized by acetylated histones.
Derision is a message
Derision is perfect.
A derivation is inference
Derivation is a way of expressing the is-a relationship.
Derivation is another method by which many words are formed.
Derivation is defined in an usual manner.
Derivation is transitive.
Derivation is when a program actually incorporates part of another program into itself.
Derivations are acts.
Derivations are also possible.
Derivations are beginnings.
Derivations are drawing.
Derivations are inference.
Every derivation arises from a vector field.
Every derivation contains at least one endpath.
Most derivations are remarkable complete.
Derivational endings occur in both.
Derivational morphemes can form new words out of old ones.
Derivational morphemes change the meaning or part of speech of a word.
Derivational suffixes can change the meaning and sometimes the part of speech of the word stem.
Derivative action can stabilize loops since it adds phase lead.
Derivative actions come both from limited partnership and corporation law.
Derivative citizens can get a U.S. passport without first getting a certificate of citizenship.
Derivative computation is performed either by forward or backward evaluation.
Derivative control is necessary because large derivatives cause noise and thereby distort signals.
Derivative errors can then result from bad data being used by downstream systems.
Derivative experimentation is musical masturbation.
Derivative ideas pop up left and right.
Derivative information is represented with a drum beat.
A derivative instrument is an instrument
Derivative instruments allow the efficient buying and selling of risk.
Derivative interests are in the geohazard of volcanoes, earthquakes and landslides.
Derivative knowledge is always unsatisfactory.
Derivative markets are volatile and therefore subject to rapid and unexpected price changes.
Derivative operators are operators which act on grid functions.
Derivative plots divide by a run constant.
Derivative products are quite numerous and thus have their own category.
Derivative products begin with futures and options, but also cover less well-known instruments.
Derivative products dominate the financial markets.
Derivative production uses high temperature, pressures and concentrations of alkali.
Derivative securities are securities in which the value is derived from another security or asset.
Derivative spectroscopy allows overlapping peaks in a spectrum to be distinguished from each other.
Derivative states play a large role in the computer algorithm.
Derivative term needs accompanying filter.
Derivative traders are in great demand by headhunters and executive search firms.
Derivative trading is the prime example.
Derivative works are works that have altered the original copy in some way.
Derivative works require authorization.
Most derivative works have a utilatarian end.
A derivative is a calculation
Derivative is on process.
Derivatives are a common thread to public funds losses across the country in the last two years.
Derivatives are a kind of nuclear financial instrument.
Derivatives are a means of shifting risk.
Derivatives are another thing that the finance minister has talked about.
Derivatives are compounds.
Derivatives are contracts between a buyer and a seller.
Derivatives are contracts.
Derivatives are files created from masters for display purposes.
Derivatives are generally for a stated period of time, and for a stated volume and dollar amount.
Derivatives are good for financial markets, and regulation is bad.
Derivatives are more innocent than their sinister reputation.
Derivatives are obviously the most evident of the many products that technology has inspired.
Derivatives are part of the vital machinery of the bank.
Derivatives are partly to blame.
Derivatives are purely symbol manipulation on polynomials.
Derivatives are risk-shifting devices.
Derivatives are securities linked to or derived from an underlying asset such as loans or shares.
Derivatives are simply financial instruments which derive their value from some underlying asset.
Derivatives are subject to an accident.
Derivatives are the financial equivalent of explosives on a construction site.
Derivatives are the primary tool for contracting into the future while managing price risk.
Derivatives are tools for managing risk.
Derivatives are typically leveraged.
Derivatives are ubiquitous.
Derivatives are used as a base in the manufacture of soaps, detergents and lauryl alcohol .
Derivatives are very useful tools, when used properly.
Derivatives are words.
Derivatives are worthy of study in their own right, as tools waiting to be applied.
Derivatives can also help firms to manage their risks.
Derivatives can also present challenges, however, in the area of risk management.
Derivatives come in many forms.
Derivatives consist of any security that 'derives' a value from another instrument.
Derivatives consist of options and futures contracts.
Derivatives continue to be concentrated in the largest banks.
Derivatives do have an impact on the physical supply of gold to the market.
Derivatives exist for many more kinds of functions than just polynomial ones.
Derivatives exist to solve specific positioning, accounting and regulatory problems.
Derivatives experience important.
Derivatives is the buzz word of the moment.
Derivatives measure growth and growth rates.
Derivatives offer another route.
Derivatives play a very important role in risk management.
Derivatives provide avenues for management of financial risk.
Derivatives provide flexibility in implementing our investment strategy.
Derivatives Read details regarding the two formats.
Derivatives represent a rate of change.
Derivatives serve the primary purpose of allowing investors to 'hedge' against market risk.
Derivatives usually derive their value from stocks, currencies or commodities.
Some derivatives yield bulking agents, flow agents, and gums to thicken.
Derivatives contracts play a crucial role in risk management for a vast array of businesses.
Derivatives exchanges can provide the links between cash markets, hedgers and speculators.
Derivatized peptides have a risk of raising antibodies.
Derived attributes can be useful.
Derived cases are specific cases that are made up of one or more components of general problems.
Derived characters are advanced traits which only appear in some members of the group.
Derived class can override inner class defined in base class.
Derived class manages the list.
Derived classes are responsible for everything else.
Derived classes are responsible for providing the details of their specific operations.
Derived classes are supersets of their base classes.
Derived classes call a method on an object import java.awt.
Derived classes can access the public and protected variables and methods of the super class.
Derived classes can communicate with base classes during instantiation.
Derived classes can interpret fields in the record in a class specific way.
Derived classes override the virtual methods when appropriate.
Derived classes point to their bases with hollow arrows.
Derived condition is heterodont, where teeth are modified for different functions.
Derived data is better than the actual observed data.
Derived definitions are syntactic extensions that expand into some form of definition.
Derived demand is demand in the consumer market that results from demand in industrial markets.
Derived desire is rationalized desire in support of later satisfying of natural desires.
Derived members are members whose associated data is derived data.
Derived metrics represent collective information about all classes in the system.
Derived properties are properties that can be computed from the graph.
Derived traits shared by two or more species are called synapomorphic.
Derived types inherit their base types from their precursors in a straightforward way.
Derived units are a matter of convenience, as they can be expressed in terms of basic units.
Derived units are combinations of basic units.
Derived units are created by combining the base units .
Derived units are created by combining the base units.
Derived values are good approximations of survey averages.
Derived widgets are already existing widgets with additional or changed functionality.
A dermabrasion is a removal
Dermabrasion also leaves severe scarring and the pigment usually seeps back.
Dermabrasion also produces a lot of bleeding.
Dermabrasion is a procedure used to level uneven areas of face.
Dermabrasion is a revitalizing treatment that can reverse the outward signs of aging.
Dermabrasion is a surgical technique where by some deeper scars and wrinkles can be smoothed.
Dermabrasion is a treatment that involves physically scraping off the top layer of skin.
Dermabrasion is achieved by sanding the skin with a power sander.
Dermabrasion is an excellent means of providing overall improvement in acne scarring.
Dermabrasion is considered good for the improvement of acne scars.
Dermabrasion is done in an outpatient surgery center or a hospital operating room.
Dermabrasion is the sanding of scars and the smoothing of skin scarred by acne or other conditions.
Dermabrasion is the sanding off of the outer layers of skin.
Dermabrasion is used for improving scars and fine wrinkles.
Dermabrasion is when a surgeon sands the skin to remove the pigment.
Dermabrasion removes the upper layers of skin with an electric burr.
Dermabrasion scrapes off the outer layers of skin, but gives similar results to laser treatment.
Dermabrasion uses a high-speed, rotating brush to remove the top layer of skin.
Dermabrasions are removals.
Some dermabrasion resurfacing techniques also have relatively short healing periods.
Dermal absorption can be just as bad as drinking the water.
Dermal absorption is a less important groundwater exposure route.
Dermal absorption is usually minor.
Dermal absorption means absorption through the skin.
Dermal armor makes up of bony plates.
Dermal armor makes up of plates.
Most dermal armor makes up of bony plates.
Most dermal armor makes up of plates.
Dermal bone forms directly in the skin from mesenchyme.
Dermal bones are plate like, but can become thicker or grow at the edges.
Dermal bones have characteristics.
Most dermal bones begin ossification before most endochondral bones.
Most dermal bones have characteristics.
Dermal contact is the other major source of exposure.
Dermal denticles are the scales on the shark's skin.
Dermal denticles protect the skin from damage and are replaced continually.
Dermal effects are a direct vascular problem.
Dermal effects are the only clear-cut health effects linked to PCB and dioxin exposure.
Dermal exposure is possible when handling leaded gasoline containing ethylene dibromide.
Dermal exposure poses a significant risk to utility workers who install and climb poles.
Dermal exposure refers to contamination of the skin with the product.
Dermal gills are small projections of skin near the base of the spines.
Most dermal lesions freeze without a problem.
Dermal neurofibromas can be solitary or multifocal and occur anywhere on the body.
Dermal neurofibromas can cause disfigurement and affect function, depending on location and size.
Dermal ossicles are fused into a hard, internal test.
Dermal ossicles form a continuously articulated armor, especially along the arms.
Dermal papillae die to form the core substance of hair follicles.
Some dermal skeletons consist of bony plates.
Some dermal skeletons consist of plates.
Dermal tissue covers the outer surface of herbaceous plants.
Dermal toxicity is similar to many granular insecticides.
Dermal toxicity is studied to determine the potential to cause skin irritation.
Dermal values are determined with rabbits.
Dermatan sulfate is a connective tissue component found in skin, blood vessels, and heart valves.
Dermatitis duration depends on degree of sensitivity and frequency of re-exposure to the allergen.
Dermatoglyphic asymmetry is related to perceptual asymmetry and to interhemispheric transmission.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist mainly of abnormal palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist mainly of simian creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist mainly of single palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of a single transverse palmar crease.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of deep plantar and palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of hypoplasia of flexion creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of increased whorls on fingers and transverse palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of simian creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of single palmar crease.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of single palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of single transverse palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of transversae palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings consist of transverse palmar creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings show absence of flexor creases.
Dermatoglyphic findings show simian crease and t' axial triradius.
A dermatoglyphic is a line
Dermatoglyphics is the study of epidermal ridges on the hands and feet.
Dermatologic lesions are the next most common head and neck manifestations.
Dermatologic literature continues to recommend a liver biopsy at various intervals.
Dermatologic problems are common and well recognized by patients.
Dermatological manifestations are variable and depend on the etiology of the eruption.
Dermatological problems are the most common presentation to veterinary offices.
Dermatological Terms Learn about the most common terms used to describe skin lesions.
Dermatological tests show no irritation or allergic reaction to the protective clothing.
A dermatologist is a specialist
Dermatologists agree that ultraviolet radiation from the sun is the leading cause of skin cancer.
Dermatologists also can permanently remove hair from moles.
Dermatologists are best qualified to determine which moles are suspicious enough for biopsy.
Dermatologists are doctors.
Dermatologists are enthusiastic about blocking the sun with clothing.
Dermatologists are experts at all skin conditions for both in their diagnosis and management.
Dermatologists are generally the most skilled physicians in evaluating for skin cancer.
Dermatologists are medical doctors.
Dermatologists are often the best clinicians to find and assess injuries on a child s skin.
Dermatologists are particularly concerned with the risk of hepatotoxicity when using ketoconazole.
Dermatologists are physicians who specialize in skin care.
Dermatologists are specialists.
Dermatologists are the primary resource for treatment.
Dermatologists are usually the most skilled at using just the right amount of cortesone.
Dermatologists argue that cosmetics can achieve little except temporary moisturisation.
Dermatologists argue, however, that the best way to be sun smart is to avoid tanning.
Dermatologists believe diet has minimal effect on acne.
Dermatologists believe it's a body part well worth protecting.
Dermatologists can be helpful in treating skin disorders of the nipple and areola.
Dermatologists can sign up for the email list and correspond with other dermatologists.
Dermatologists can use various methods to improve the scarring caused by acne.
Dermatologists consider it the most effective treatment for severe acne.
Dermatologists describe severity of skin burns using a number system.
Dermatologists diagnose psoriasis by examining the skin, nails, and scalp.
Dermatologists diagnose the disorder by the appearance and location of the lesions.
Dermatologists generally work in an office instead of a hospital.
Dermatologists get together to talk about skin.
Dermatologists have a treatment of sitting under a flourescent light to simulate the sun's ray.
Dermatologists have differing opinions on the importance of diets in the management of acne.
Dermatologists have many different therapies available to help patients with pigmentation problems.
Dermatologists know better.
Dermatologists now regard itching and pain as different mechanisms.
Dermatologists recommend covering all exposed skin with sunblock during mid-day exposure.
Dermatologists say baths are healthy.
Dermatologists say that some of the best beauty bargains can be found at the drugstore.
Dermatologists say the reason is a real rise in overexposure to the sun.
Dermatologists specialize in health and disorders of the skin.
Dermatologists specialize in treating conditions of the skin.
Dermatologists take a more direct approach.
Dermatologists take issue with the industry's information.
Dermatologists treat a range of diseases and tumors of the skin.
Dermatologists treat all kinds of acne, particularly severe cases.
Dermatologists treat eczema with topical steroids.
Dermatologists treat people of all ages.
Dermatologists treat skin conditions.
Dermatologists urge people to examine their skin regularly to look for any changes.
Dermatologists use a variety of methods to remove skin cancers.
Dermatologists use the product to freeze off warts and moles.
Dermatologists warn that tanning goes hand in hand with skin aging and a higher risk of skin cancer.
Dermatologists often recommend a combination of treatments tailored to the individual patient.
Dermatologists often recommend a combination of treatments, tailored to the individual patient.
Dermatologists often recommend one tablet on several days each week.
Dermatologists usually approach each person as a unique individual-male, female, young, or old.
Many dermatologists are excellent at scar revision and repair, as well.
MANY dermatologists are willing to train a primary care PA in dermatology.
Many dermatologists like to treat skin cancer.
Many dermatologists recommend daily sunscreen use to protect against insidious sun damage.
Many dermatologists routinely recommend insect repellent, as well.
Many dermatologists suggest avoiding bleaching creams during pregnancy.
Most dermatologists can perform cosmetic mole removals.
Most dermatologists keep interferon bottles in their offices to treat warts.
Most dermatologists prefer to use hemangioma to refer to a common type of vascular birthmark.
Most dermatologists recommend moisturizers that have a base of petrolatum or mineral oil.
Most dermatologists recommend that deliberate tanning be avoided completely.
Most dermatologists recommend the use of lip care products containing sunscreens.
Most dermatologists say that washing in plain water is best for the skin.
Some dermatologists advocate the use of a tourniquet around the scalp as drugs are injected.
Some dermatologists also attempt to use cysteine amino acid supplementation in the diet.
Some dermatologists even specialize in hair loss.
Some dermatologists extend their training into more specialized fields.
Some dermatologists offer free screenings for skin cancer.
A dermatology is medicine
Dermatologies are medicine.
Dermatology contains information directly pertinent to the specialty of dermatology.
Dermatology encompasses everything.
Dermatology refers to the science of the skin.
A dermatome is an instrument
Dermatomes are specific areas of skin controlled by nerve endings.
A dermatophytosis is mycosis
Dermatophytosis is probably the most common superficial fungal infection of the skin.
Dermis is a stratum
Dermis is composed of elastic fibers and collagen.
Dermis isa stratum.
Dermis plays a role in preventing wound contraction and scarring.
Some dermis is part of elephants.
Some dermis is part of necks.
Some dermis is part of pachyderms.
Some dermis is part of penises.
Some dermis is part of skin.
A dermoid cyst is a cyst
Dermoid cyst disappears . . .
Dermoid cyst is a loose term given to cysts are various sites lined by squamous epithelium.
Dermoid cyst is a nonmalignant cyst formed from surface skin cells.
Dermoid cyst is the most common type of germ cell tumor.
Dermoid cysts are cysts.
Dermoid tumors are more common in young women but can occur throughout the reproductive years.
Dermosphenotic bone triradiate.
Derogation is a message
Derogation is granted to France and Italy.
Derogatory comments are inappropriate.
Derogatory comments are unacceptable.
Derogatory credit is unacceptable.
Derogatory information is stripped out prior to submission of the package.
Any derogatory statement made about another person is lashon hara .
A derrick is a framework
Derrick concentrates on the designs, and they grow hotter.
Derrick deserves to play on a sorry team like the Hawks anyway.
Derrick has another key, and cranks up the cable-porn moans.
Derrick has malaria.
Derrick hates holidays and hates lights even more.
Derrick is a fly pike fisherman.
Derrick is a mid-level executive with a national car rental firm.
Derrick is a senior majoring in physical therapy.
Derrick is a very intelligent man.
Derrick is also in the fourth grade.
Derrick is also the founder of a successful music and entertainment internet company.
Derrick is an excellent student and a great fit for our program.
Derrick is experienced in all aspects of a growth company and is a significant shareholder.
Derrick is in good spirits.
Derrick is invited for a meal.
Derrick is no serial killer.
Derrick is now old enough to win female support without envy.
Derrick is outgoing and friendly.
Derrick is painfully aware of the tension surrounding the Oneida land claim.
Derrick is socially immature.
Derrick is terrific.
Derrick is the killer.
Derrick is the property manager of the newly formed rental department.
Derrick maintains is essential reading.
Derrick now is a perfectly healthy, typical little boy who absolutely loves kindergarten.
Derricks are a source of income.
Derricks are cranes.
Derricks are frameworks.
Derricks built under Soviet rule are still in use today.
Derricks provide far more income than normal and are worth defending.
A derris root is a vine
Derris root is a good example.
A dervish is a saint
Dervishes are acrobats of the soul.
Dervishes are Muslim devotees.
Dervishes can use a car, have a family.
Dervishes view the spinning ceremony as a way to ascend to spiritual perfection.
Some dervishes spend their lives mostly in craggy solitude.
Des actes seront publies.
Des acteurs tr s doues.
Des anomalies maxillo-dentaires.
Des appears live both as a solo artist with acoustic guitar, and in the company of other musicians.
Des arbres g n alogiques et des encadr s sur les grands faits marquants.
Des artistes et historiens de l'art faisaient partie des nombreux membres de l'assistance.
Des asks if coffee has the same effect as cocaine.
Des buys some seedlings in pots to increase the variety of species planted.
Des comes across as harmlessly eccentric yet canny.
Des comptes rendus occasionnels font r cemment tat d une possible r sistance au traitement.
Des conseils et des adresses pour trouver des sponsors.
Des conseils pour la grossesse, la pr paration l accouchement et la vie avec un b b anenc phale.
Des conseils pour quiper une cole.
Des cours d'anglais sont galement propos s mais sous forme de chansons internationnales.
Des covers the world of sport at quarter to the hour with news, e-mails, opinions and stories.
Des dons a une oeuvre de votre choix seraient apprecies en sa memoire.
Des enfants trouves et des infanticides.
Des entreprises priv es dans beaucoup de cas, am ricaines bien souvent.
Des fins sont des commencements .
Des fins sont des commencements European cable transmission to France, Ireland and Holland.
Des fleurs sont toujours le bienvenue.
Des fossiles et des hommes.
Des is always ready to experiment, and to apply lateral thinking to a grower's problem.
Des is close to going distance cruising now.
Des is no show pony.
Des is still as laid back as ever.
Des langues oppos es sont r unies.
Des leaves out the sum.
Des livres aux clubs.
Des monstres et prodiges.
Des mRNA a analyser.
Des pays etrangers.
Des personnages auxquels on s'attache.
Des recherches sur cette hypoth se ont produit des r sultats contradictoires.
Des repertoires numeriques des divers fonds d'archives sont disponibles aux chercheurs.
Des risques qui se multiplient.
Des rues tr s larges sont n cessaires pour un tram.
Des souches d' A .
Des tons a l'accent, essai sur l'accentuation du comorien.
DESS also acts as a liaison with the engineering student clubs on-campus.
Des always has a few stories to tell.
Desalinated water is the most expensive water in the world.
Desalination facilities use two basic technologies to extract potable water from seawater.
Desalination plants are only on the drawing board.
Desalination plants are still very expensive to operate.
Desalination plants convert seawater into fresh water for household and industrial use.
Desalination plants irrigate the thirsty California farming filds and orchards.
Desalination plants make possible golf courses and polo grounds and lush median strips.
Desalination plants provide domestic water needs.
Desalination plants supply much of the population's drinking needs.
A desalination is a chemical action
Desalination is a process by which salts are removed from seawater.
Desalination is a scientifically simple process.
Desalination is also effective in removing other chemicals like fluoride, arsenic and iron.
Desalination is an experiment that is neither necessary nor appropriate.
Desalination is expensive.
Desalination is more expensive than most other methods of obtaining fresh water.
Desalination is one of the most promising options for supplying potable water.
Desalination is only a huge water-reclamation project.
Desalination is the most environmentally-friendly solution to our water needs.
Desalination is the process of making salt water fit to drink.
Desalination is the removal of salt from seawater.
Desalination is too expensive to do on a large-scale.
Desalination is very energy intensive.
Desalination makes a significant contribution to Saudi Arabia's overall power generation.
Desalination provides a safe and practical solution to Florida's water concerns.
Desalination takes place in the channel centre where electroneutrality is present.
Desalination turns salt water from the Gulf of Mexico into drinking water.
Desalinations are chemical processes.
Desalinations are separatings.
Desalinization plants can turn seawater into drinking water.
Desalinization is a chemical action
Desalinization is expensive even when it is essential to provide drinkable water.
Desalinization is expensive.
Descant part uses greater range than other parts.
A descant is support
Descant is a good absorber of moisture.
Descend aortas carry blood.
Descend branches reach levels.
Descendant cells keep same X inactive.
Descendant nodes can be subdirectories or file descriptors.
Descendant reports are available once the appropriate surname has been selected.
Descendant selectors express such a relationship in a pattern.
A descendant is a relative
Descendant has more fully developed features than ancestor.
Descendant includes descendants of all generations.
Descendant is the opposite of ancestor.
Descendant isa relative.
Descendants adapt to conditions.
Descendants are films.
Descendants are in Mohawk and in Michigan.
Descendants are listings of the descendants of the crew member.
Descendants are 'offspring'.
Descendants are relatives.
Descendants are unknown.
Descendants become ancestors.
Descendants continue to be found there throughout the remaining censuses.
Descendants continue to return to the sites on pilgrimages.
Descendants draw conclusions.
Descendants follow in their ancestor's footsteps to sites where their forebears lived.
Descendants have (part) arms.
Descendants have (part) body substances.
Descendants have (part) cell membranes.
Descendants have (part) cells.
Descendants have (part) corpi.
Descendants have (part) cytoplasm.
Descendants have (part) heads.
Descendants have (part) human bodies.
Descendants have (part) legs.
Descendants have (part) material bodies.
Descendants have (part) necks.
Descendants have (part) nuclei.
Descendants have (part) personality.
Descendants have (part) plasma membranes.
Descendants have (part) sections.
Descendants have (part) vacuoles.
Descendants have equal rights.
Descendants include mammals.
Descendants live in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, and elsewhere.
Descendants live in Ilion.
Descendants live in Lander, Wyoming.
Descendants live in Massachusetts.
Descendants live in Mississippi and Alabama.
Descendants live in Mississippi, Arkansas, and other places.
Descendants live in Mohawk.
Descendants live in Pennsylvania and other parts of the United States.
Descendants live near there.
Descendants live throughout North America and Europe.
Descendants now live all over the United States.
Descendants now live in Ohio, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and elsewhere.
Descendants own the property.
Descendants reside in Calf.
Descendants show characteristics.
Descendants show survival.
Descendants spread up and down the Hudson in the second and third generations.
Descendants still live in Nebraska.
Descendants still live in that area of New Jersey and in other states.
Descendants still live in that area.
Descendants still live in the house.
Descendants still live on the same property today.
Descendants still reside in Tucson.
Descendants then move on to the west.
All descendants are likely in southern California now.
Any descendants please feel free to correspond.
Any descendants wishing to share infomation, please reply.
Many descendants also have information on their websites.
Many descendants also live in other areas of Missouri.
Many descendants are still in the area.
Many descendants currently live in Western Canada.
Many descendants live there today.
Many descendants still live in Michigan.
Many descendants still live in Montgomery County and surrounding counties.
Many descendants still live in the area.
Many descendants still reside in Cherokee County.
Most descendants adapt to conditions.
Most descendants become ancestors.
Most descendants draw conclusions.
Most descendants show characteristics.
Most descendants show survival.
Some descendants are still there today.
Some descendants carry markers.
Some descendants face barriers.
Some descendants face external barriers.
Some descendants have memory.
Some descendants have what is called an Asian eyefold.
Some descendants lose ability.
Some descendants possess gates.
Some descendants produce offspring.
Some descendants remain in northern Ohio.
Some descendants remain there today.
Some descendants still live in Texas today.
Some descendants take over positions.
A descendent is a relative
Descendents archives Descendents.
Descendents are all over the nation and spelling changes in the surname become apparent.
Descendents are bands.
Descendents are on pp.
Descendents live in England, France the Channel Islands, and the United States.
Every descendent is derived from an odd parent, call it m .
Many descendents live in British Columbia.
Many descendents still live in the area.
Descent groups provide mechanism for inheritance of property.
Descent module contains redundant L-band transmitters, instrument package, batteries.
A descent is travel
Descent begins by retarding the throttle to idle and lowering the landing gear.
Descent feels like the only sane option.
Descent follows ascent.
Descent is a nightmare.
Descent is a noun that means a decline or the act of moving downward.
Descent is a rappell of the back side.
Descent is always in the male line.
Descent is bilineal.
Descent is by rappels on the back side and trail hiking.
Descent is by the hiker s trail back to the highway.
Descent is either by the South Ridge or the West Flank.
Descent is indicated by a counter clockwise rotation.
Descent is just seconds from the beach.
Descent is made by rappelling from fixed anchors just to the west of the regular route.
Descent is made by the same route to the low base camp.
Descent is matrilineal, and kinship terminology is of the Hawaiian type.
Descent is matrilineal.
Descent is patrilineal, and marriage residence is with the father's family.
Descent is patrilineal.
Descent is reckoned bilaterally.
Descent is shown by indention.
Descent is the best solution, although oxygen can help the symptoms when descent is impossible.
Descent is the distance from the baseline to the descender line.
Descent is traced and remembered in ancestral rites performed in memory of the dead.
Descent is traced through the male line, but property is generally inherited from women.
Descent is traced through the male line.
Descent is traced through the mother.
Descent is via the western arch.
Descent isa motion.
Descent looks good.
Descents are kinship.
Descents are motion.
Descents are slopes.
Descents are, by all accounts, always harder than ascents.
Descents can be difficult.
Descents can be especially painful, so take the pill at least one hour before landing.
Descents have a negative value.
Descents involve people.
Descent often leads to improvement of symptoms, however, recovery times vary among individuals.
Descents sometimes require a rappel or two but are mostly hiking.
Any descent caused by the loss of lift increases the angle of attack further.
Most descents involve a power reduction.
Most descents involve people.
Some descents are a straight drop, but many have curves or even switchbacks.
Some descents are caused by convection.
Some descents bring joys.
Describing Segments Covers the attributes used in the segment declaration.
Description errors arise when the difference between correct and incorrect actions is slight.
Description language is standardized.
Description language See programming language .
Description logics are a family of formal languages used for structured knowledge representation.
Description logics are a family of knowledge representation languages.
Description logics are a family of logics for modeling complex hierarchical structures.
Description Logics are a subset of relational logic.
Description Logics are decidable.
Description logics are good candidates for representing complex objects.
A description is a statement
Description Activates the frame number specified by frameNumber in the current movie.
Description Add a new auto-match regular expression.
Description Add a new entry with the specified key and value to the hash table.
Description Add a thread to the list.
Description Add the word to a personal wordlist.
Description Addresses financial topics from the vantage point of the end user or financial analyst.
Description Adds a new score event generated by a k-rate trigger.
Description Adds a process to the set of processes managed by the application.
Description Adds a vjPropertyDesc to self.
Description Adds either a constant or another spectrum to a spectrum.
Description Adds the days in the DAYS attribute to the date in the DATE attribute.
Description agrees with subsp.
Description Allocates a multi-dimensional array.
Description Allocates a queue.
Description allows controlling or observing the lifetime of the configuration.
Description allows controlling or observing the lifetime of the object.
Description allows for the retrieval of possible meanings for a given word and language.
Description allows searching for an entry in all dictionaries of the dictionary-list.
Description allows to get and set an array of data from a cell range.
Description allows to terminate the interprocess bridge.
Description Also checks for special elements.
Description also encloses changes in the gross international reserves.
Description Analyzes the long distance transnission costs of email, images, and movies.
Description Appears to be a multiplayer-only psychological test.
Description approaches hallucination.
Description Approves the extension of non-discriminatory treatment to Chinese products.
Description Asks the database server to shut down.
Description Asks the server to kill the thread specified by pid .
Description Assigned values can be character strings or other variables' values.
Description Assigns a value to a variable.
Description Assigns a value to the contents of a text string or an array.
Description Assigns an object reference to a variable or property .
Description Assigns the contents of a to b and the contents of b to a .
Description Assigns the value of the right operand to the invoking object.
Description Be a companion to an adult with developmental disabilities.
Description Be very descriptive.
Description Beat'em up, golden axe style.
Description Beat'em up, set in medieval asia.
Description Beat'em up.
Description begins here.
Description Blocks the calling thread at least for the given number of time.
Description Blocks the calling thread until condition is set.
Description Bring the spirit of the holidays to the life of a child.
Description Calculates all kinds of conversions.
Description Calculates square roots, circumferences of circles, area, volume, etc.
Description Calculates the chance of developing breast cancer, based on risk factors.
Description Calculates the corrections for charged unit cells to order .
Description Calculates the dilogarithm integral of an expression.
Description Calculates the time between the present and future time and amount of full days present.
Description Call the session manager to terminate a session.
Description camdolly moves the camera position and the camera target by the specified amounts.
Description can also be a hypertext link.
Description can be anything too.
Description can be easy or difficult to convey.
Description captures a single frame of video from a drawable.
Description Causes the item to always display in the mouseover font and background colors.
Description Change the condition variable mutex to be the specifiec mutex variable.
Description Change the current command giver to ob.
Description Change the current desk to desk .
Description Changes the text to blinking.
Description Check current class schedule for topic.
Description Check the status of the unit.
Description choose out all money hence suggest alex kingston.
Description choose out all money hence suggest snowboarding.
Description Click on image for more detail.
Description Closes a connection in a controlled manner.
Description Closes a firewall connection.
Description Closes a previously opened connection.
Description Closes an open file.
Description closes the socket connections.
Description Combines two names into one.
Description Come one, come all, to a fun-filled adventure for the entire family.
Description comes from a photography.
Description commemorate the state s unique soil legacy.
Description compares workers-employees, wages and salaries.
Description Complete a port of the latest version of perl, including having it pass it's testsuite.
Description Compute the intersection of two regions.
Description Compute the union of two regions.
Description Compute the waveform and the wavetable for use in scanned synthesis.
Description Computes a span of integer values beginning at start and ending at finish .
Description Computes the variance for all input points.
Description Consider two monochromatic point sources, which are very far from a thin lens.
Description Consists of two parts - reference and lending.
Description Constructs a new sequence with given elements.
Description Constructs a vjConfigChunk matching the given description.
Description Constructs a widget for the entry of radialvelocity measure value.
Description Constructs a widget for the entry of range values.
Description contains a frame with a desktop component.
Description contains an optional general description of the currently selected system.
Description Contains citations and abstracts.
Description Contains full-text articles, citations and abstracts.
Description contains the faultstring of the fault.
Description Contains the more descriptive names for the application instance .
Description Contains the more descriptive names for the applications.
Description Contains the more descriptive names for the cartridges.
Description contains the verbal description of the exception.
Description Continues dimensioning skill development and introduces sectional views.
Description continues down here.
Description Copy a buffer of kernel data into a user space buffer.
Description Copy a file.
Description Copy a table on disk.
Description Create a config used to open a dictionary.
Description Create a key to an associated thread local storage pointer.
Description Create a new decor object.
Description Create a new process.
Description Create a pair of file descriptors which are connected by a unix pipe.
Description Create a pipe with the given attributes.
Description Create a plane containing the given points.
Description Create a security handle for the current user.
Description Create a security handle for the denoted user.
Description Create a smooth, level surface in the sand, snow, or dirt.
Description Create a socket with the given attributes.
Description Create a table from binary FITS format.
Description Create a table layout which can contain cells in rows and columns.
Description Create a thread-local mutex.
Description Create a win-win work environment and comply with the law.
Description Create an alphabet code by assigning each alphabet letter a different code letter.
Description Create the classes derived from LinkedAverageSpreadsheet class.
Description Create the menu layer where menu items can be inserted later.
Description Create the view container for spreadsheets.
Description Creates a condition.
Description Creates a datagram socket.
Description Creates a log file with the specified file name.
Description creates a picture in words.
Description Creates a pipe.
Description Creates a semaphore and intilize it.
Description Creates a semaphore.
Description Creates a socket that can accept connections.
Description Creates a socket.
Description Creates a table from beg value to end value of dur steps.
Description Creates an alist.
Description Creates an answer evaluator which checks expressions defining functions.
Description Creates dir and any non-existing parent directories.
Description Creates the semaphore.
Description Deallocates all internal data structures used by the multifile annotation interface.
Description Defend the colony from invading space ships.
Description Defines a hypercolumn in the given table descriptor.
Description Defines a list of valid extensions for files to retrieve and index.
Description Defines a named constant.
Description Defines the dbXML bootstrap class for stand-alone server operation.
Description Defines the text output as the link to the next page of results when available.
Description Defines the text output as the link to the previous page of results when available.
Description Delete a table on disk.
Description Deletes a file on the ftp server.
Description Delivers a constant decribing the last error for the pipe system.
Description Delivers a constant decribing the last error for the socket system.
Description Delivers the port number of the address.
Description describes a factory of services with interfaces for testing purposes.
Description describes file or command's function in detail.
Description describes the different scroll capabilities of a result set.
Description Describes the event as an error or information message.
Description describes the file or command's function in detail.
Description describes the first.
Description Describes the package.
Description Destructs an any.
Description Determines the standard linear approximation of a function at a point.
Description Determines the total derivative of a multivariable function.
Description determins if the background color is transparent.
Description determins if the first row of the table is repeated on every new page.
Description Develops mathematic competencies as applied to machine tool technology.
Description differ Ten at brake of all golfclub gallery although mark within lots holiday.
Description Disconnects a connection object from a database.
Description Displays a description of the cost center.
Description Displays a description of the parameter's name.
Description Displays the description of the account number.
Description Displays the description that is associated with the alarm.
Description Displays the name of the current day.
Description Divide a fractal into smaller pieces which can be printed separately.
Description Do nothing.
Description Do simple woodworking projects with children.
Description Drive the truck through a random maze of streets.
Description Dump the state of an object.
Description Emulates a curses terminal, which allows advanced handling of on-screen text.
Description enable the sound, keeping the state whether it is triggered or stopped.
Description enables the caller to execute commands at the broker.
Description Enables the publishing of address books.
Description Enter a complete and accurate description of the work requested.
Description Enter a description of the cost center.
Description Enter a description of the parameter.
Description Enter a short formal description of the module.
Description Enter a short, formal description of the module.
Description Enter a text description for the application of funds being created.
Description Enter a text description for the commitment item being created.
Description Enter a text description for the funds center being created.
Description Enter any useful text about the universe.
Description Enter description of security and number of shares.
Description Enter one or more keywords separated by a space.
Description Enter one or more words to be searched in the description of the document.
Description Enter the name of the variable at the prompt.
Description Enter the title of the position.
Description execute the given process with the specified security.
Description execute the given process.
Description exist Thief from mill beyond that kayak helmet meanwhile makes away a comfort.
Description explains the command's function in detail.
Description explains what the transaction is.
Description Fetch the sequence count from task common.
Description Fetches the action context from task common.
Description Fetches the data put by DitsPutUserData from task common.
Description fills in automatically when the tab key is pressed.
Description fills in automatically.
Description Find a user with the name str.
Description Find out the dangers of squeezing a plant.
Description Find out the difference between hot air balloons and gas balloons.
Description Find out what all the buzz is about . . .
Description Find out what all the buzz is about.
Description Find out what exciting things to do in Springfield, Missouri.
Description Find the bowl of the big dipper and locate the two stars nearest the handle.
Description Finds the apothem of any regular polygon.
Description Finds the area surface area for many shapes.
Description Finds the volume of many shapes.
Description Fits a thin plate spline surface to irregularly spaced data.
Description follows below.
Description follows soon.
Description Forcefully abort the thread, if it is still running.
Description Frees all resources associated with the handle.
Description Gain practical product knowledge and valuable investment insight.
Description Gaining a competitive edge in the global bonds arena is essential to success.
Description Generate a report listing the most recently updated sites.
Description Generate a score function table from within the orchestra.
Description Generate a set of impulses.
Description Generate audio output using scanned synthesis.
Description Generates meshes of k-points for simple cubic, fcc and bcc unit cells.
Description Get a thread from the list.
Description Get all entries belonging to the specified section.
Description get one ioresource from the parent process.
Description Get or try and set the current process priority.
Description Get the callback function set by setselectcallback.
Description Get the current active configuration setting of magic quotes gpc.
Description Get the current gesture.
Description Get the current resource usages.
Description Get the device name.
Description Get the filename of the executable.
Description Get the hostname for the local interface.
Description Get the hostname for the remote interface.
Description Get the inode of the current script.
Description get the last error created by sockets.
Description Get the local port of the socket.
Description Get the reciever transform for the given bird number.
Description Get the remote port of the socket.
Description Get the string name of the gesture.
Description get the terminal bell state.
Description Get the value of an environment variable.
Description Get the value of one enviroment variable.
Description Get to key associated thread specific data.
Description Gets a pointer to the set value.
Description Gets a reference to the Calendar object that is hosted within the dialog box.
Description Gets a specific environment.
Description Gets an interface mapping from one environment to another.
Description Gets and clears the error status of the socket.
Description Gets length of sequence.
Description Gets the type class of the set value.
Description Gets the type description of the set value.
Description Gets the type name of the set value.
Description Gets the type of the set value.
Description Gets the un acquired type description pointer.
Description Give a description of the job, skills required etc.
Description Give each participant a plate.
Description Give general details about size, function, age, design, style of architecture, and use.
Description Give talks and slide shows on local history.
Description Give the students the following information and ask the students to solve.
Description Give title, nature and objective of the proposal program.
Description Gives a brief description of the package.
Description Gives a short description of the claim.
Description Gives an idea of how hard a number is to deal with.
Description Gives an integrated view of biochemistry, molecular biology, cell biology and genetics.
Description gives way to analysis, and a comparative approach yields to experimentation.
Description glDeleteLists causes a contiguous group of display lists to be deleted.
Description goes here if one is used.
Description goes here.
Description goes in here.
Description Goes to the first frame.
Description Grows on a lush plant with thick, woody stems.
Description Grows one to two feet in height and has a hairy, branching stem.
Description Handle on event.
Description Has a large underground trunk producing palmate, green, white-coated leaves.
Description Has an erect, branching, reddish stem, one to two feet in height, with white hairs.
Description have a texas indian territory induction certificate for the odd fellows.
Description helps a story come to life.
Description helps the teacher avoid taking a prescriptive perspective on practices.
Description Hide the pointer.
Description Hold the fire button down to charge up the sword.
Description Identifies the gene.
Description Identifies the one-based index of the row or column in the array structure.
Description Identifies the variant.
Description Identifies the vector used.
Description Includes a complete description of the command.
Description includes a picture of the brand name pill along with general information.
Description includes creation date.
Description includes height, bark type, leaf shape, distribution, flowering period and type of seed.
Description includes physical properties, uses, abundance in nature, etc.
Description includes reproduction, habitat, and regions where wildlife is found.
Description Indicates number of palettes in the specified file.
Description indicates the type of change action on the data source.
Description indicates the use of the field.
Description Indicates whether the result set is empty or never returns result set.
Description Interactively resize the window which currently has the focus.
Description Interrogates a function table for length.
Description Introduces fundamental concepts of accounting.
Description Introduces fundamental quantity food preparation terms, concepts, and methods.
Description Introduces the conduction process in semi-conductor materials.
Description Introduces the history, documents, and operational functions of the banking industry.
Description Introduces the physical characteristics and applications of solid state devices.
Description Introduces the student to the use of a graphical interface for the operating system.
Description Investigate what it means to have a career in space.
Description Invokes the common lisp interpreter and compiler.
Description involves sharing one's feelings without assigning blame.
Description is a brief description of the theme that is shown in the setup dialog's theme list.
Description is a brief sentence that describes the attribute.
Description is a color image editing tool which features most standard paint program options.
Description is a definition of the class code listed.
Description is a longer explanation of the project.
Description is a longer explanation.
Description is a lower cognitive skill that analysis and synthesis.
Description is a process of noting what is immediately visible in art.
Description is a rich source of indexible vocabulary.
Description is a text field.
Description is almost exact.
Description is an art in itself.
Description is another major one.
Description is available which outlines the position as well as contact information.
Description is available, too.
Description is below picture.
Description is below.
Description is better than comparison.
Description is broadcasted by a filter.
Description is clear yet economical.
Description is clear, thorough and concise.
Description is displayed here.
Description is everything.
Description is fairly clear but is wordy and repetitive.
Description is for journalism.
Description is from the publisher's website.
Description is given of plant cell types and their organization into tissues and organs.
Description is given of the emerging field of large scale health systems.
Description is important.
Description is in English.
Description is like spice.
Description is limited.
Description is missing - look through the source in command.c.
Description is more than simply building an image.
Description is of sufficient breadth and depth and reflects an integration of at least four sources.
Description is on taxonomic level of complex.
Description is on taxonomic level of family.
Description is on taxonomic level of genus.
Description is on taxonomic level of order.
Description is on taxonomic level of serogroup.
Description is on taxonomic level of species.
Description is on taxonomic level of subfamily.
Description is on taxonomic level of subviral agents family.
Description is on the taxonomic level of family.
Description is on the taxonomic level of species.
Description is one such verb.
Description is optional.
Description Is optional.
Description is present but lacks clarity or thoroughness.
Description is reprised and expanded while discussing education.
Description is said to make something visible and description encodes the hidden.
Description is similar for other discs in the series.
Description is sufficient if property can be identified.
Description is sufficiently clear to enable a third party to try the lesson out.
Description is supplied with each photograph if available.
Description is the basic building block of a science.
Description is the first of four basic kinds of writing.
Description is the first step in the process of forming general comparisons and causal connections.
Description Is the given key pressed.
Description is the interface for executing sql commands.
Description is unclear and difficult to follow.
Description is unflinching, palpable.
Description is used for providing comments and descriptions of the new template file.
Description is used for setting parameters before execution of the precompiled statement.
Description is used to add an entry to the dictionary.
Description is used to refresh the container, to reflect changes in the underlying database.
Description is used to update the columns value.
Description is worthless.
Description is written in chronological order.
Description isa statement.
Description isReadOnly returns the access mode of the key.
Description isReadOnly returns the access mode of the registry.
Description jdsgardens .
Description jumps from cover bottom to inside pages.
Description just deletes all the current info in buffer.
Description Keep it brief.
Description Keep track of records, dates, memos, etc.
Description Kill the bad guy, get the girl.
Description Learn about different types of storms such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and snowstorms.
Description Learn about native and introduced animals in Australia.
Description learn into the education yet separate budget inn.
Description Learn the Hebrew alphabet and become familiar with the prayerbook.
Description Learn the relationship between fractions and decimals.
Description Let the returned array be called d .
Description Let thread sleep a specified amout of time.
Description Link to auction site.
Description lists A description list is a list of titles, each with an attached description.
Description Lists all the prime factors of a number.
Description Lists the search criteria for a search query.
Description Lists the value and prompt pairs of a parameter file.
Description Lists the values that the user set for request parameters.
Description Loads the movie identified by url to the layer specified by layerNumber .
Description Look up a notation by name.
Description Look up an entity by name.
Description Make a copy of an object and return an identifier to the copy.
Description Make a table from a query applied to the current table.
Description Make determinations about funding human service agencies and programs in Boulder County.
Description Make the calling thread wait for the termination of the specified thread.
Description Makes a circle graph, also known as a pie chart, of data in a list.
Description Makes a prior image for the mem function.
Description Makes astronomy fun and easy.
Description makes it possible to access the properties of the field, if any.
Description Making meetings effective and efficient requires using new approaches.
Description Manage a European league team in league play.
Description means to tell what something is like.
Description menu A list of options from which a user can choose.
Description Move a region by a specified amount.
Description Move the ball through holes in the blocks as long as possible.
Description Move the little man to dodge the falling icicles.
Description Move the mouse over a feature in order to display a short explanation.
Description names the profile.
Description Newly hatched larvae begin to spin silken bags around themselves shortly after hatching.
Description Offers a brief description of the contents of the collection.
Description offers linguistic functionality.
Description Opens a file.
Description Operates in a manner similar to calloc .
Description Operates in a manner similar to malloc .
Description Operates in a manner similar to realloc .
Description Operates in a manner similar to strdup .
Description -Outline the program or activity and major events, components, or accomplishments.
Description Outputs a page that lets the user upload a file to the webserver.
Description Outputs a page with an attempt at Syntax-highlighted code.
Description Outputs a page with file details.
Description Outputs a page with the contents of the requested directory.
Description Outputs the style sheet.
Description Perform cardiac stress testing.
Description Performs a complete reset on the terminal.
Description Performs a rollback on the transaction.
Description Performs a simple univariate descriptive statistics for numeric variables.
Description Performs general filing and billing duties.
Description Performs routine specimen collection, handling and distribution functions.
Description Pick a level and take a geography quiz.
Description Play a background sound when the page is opened.
Description Play against the computer or another player.
Description Play the online version of the popular TV game show.
Description Play word and coloring games and learn about Ireland.
Description Pop the top value from the operand stack.
Description Pops an int and a long integer from the stack.
Description Pops two integers off the operand stack.
Description Pops two ints off the stack.
Description Pops two long integers off the stack.
Description Prepares students to lead effectively in the modern organization.
Description Prepares students to provide tutorial assistance in writing skills.
Description Prints the formatted unicode text to the standard output device.
Description Processes the enclosed HTML once for each column in the current row.
Description Produce a normalized moving phase value.
Description Produce an arbitrary number of normalized moving phase values, accessable by an index.
Description provide a socket as ioresource for the child process.
Description Provide a way of printing the process ID neatly.
Description Provide clerical support to the administrative nurse in patient care areas.
Description Provide clerical support to the nursing staff in patient care areas.
Description Provide for patient personal hygiene.
Description provide inside the volleyball.
Description Provide technical assistance and training to system users.
Description Provides a brief overview of the project.
Description provides a collection of implementations for services.
Description provides a cursor factory and insertion and removal of contents.
Description provides a factory for a typified enumeration through a collection of components.
Description Provides a foundation in probability.
Description Provides a list of channels to which the user is subscribed.
Description Provides a number of programming services including a hit counter.
Description Provides a theoretical foundation for the logic of computation.
Description Provides a variety of routines to sort the contents of arrays.
Description Provides a variety of support functions for various areas of the laboratories.
Description Provides a visual description of the object.
Description provides access to all kind of contents provided by the registered content providers.
Description provides access to dispatchers for the frame.
Description Provides alternative education resource for teen parents and at-risk youth.
Description Provides an overview of machine tool technology.
Description Provides basic knowledge of vision as affected by light, color, texture, and form.
Description Provides citations with abstracts to a wide range of research in biology.
Description Provides classes and interface for drawing specialized borders around a Swing component.
Description Provides classes and interfaces for parsing and managing certificates.
Description Provides classes and interfaces that deal with editable and noneditable text components.
Description Provides classes for creating and modifying images.
Description Provides classes that are useful in the field of meteorology.
Description Provides darkroom and studio experiences for the development of photographic skills.
Description provides dividend distributions for all Canadian and foreign dividend paying companies.
Description Provides entry-level skills needed in automobile service and repair.
Description Provides experience in preparation of a wide variety of quantity foods.
Description Provides great view from top of ridge.
Description Provides guidance in the use of color in electronic displays.
Description provides information about the type of the element.
Description Provides instruction in advanced grinding operations and procedures.
Description Provides instruction in advanced lathe operations and procedures.
Description Provides instruction in advanced techniques of milling machine operations.
Description Provides instruction in basic small engine maintenance.
Description Provides instruction in non-metallic auto body repair techniques.
Description Provides instruction in specific welding applications in automotive collision repair.
Description Provides instruction in the application of permanent waves and relaxers.
Description Provides instruction in the design and construction of fireplaces and chimneys.
Description Provides instruction in the removal and replacement of bolt-on automobile body panels.
Description Provides instruction on the history and development of photography.
Description Provides instruction on wiring various types of air conditioning systems.
Description Provides knowledge and skills necessary to make working drawings.
Description Provides more descriptive information about the process.
Description Provides practical experience in maintaining avionics systems.
Description Provides the basic fundamentals of quality control inspection techniques.
Description Provides the classes and interfaces for cryptographic operations.
Description Provides the full list of names for which coresponding values are defined.
Description provides the location for indicating the name of the document.
Description Push the null object reference onto the operand stack.
Description Pushes the float value held in a local variable onto the operand stack.
Description Pushes the int value held in a local variable onto the operand stack.
Description Queries the state of the condition without blocking.
Description Read A read is the output of the meomry mapped region.
Description Read the latest news and information regarding online auction sites here.
Description receive within several self yet whistle italians.
Description receives notification of the end of a document.
Description Redo the last undone operation.
Description Reduces rational values of average size.
Description reflects careful analysis of available information.
Description register a creator to the factory.
Description Release the lock on the mutex variable associated with the condition variable.
Description Release the mutex.
Description Releases the byte sequence.
Description Remove a specific match string, or all match strings from the terminal term .
Description Remove a thread from the list.
Description Remove one event.
Description Remove the file.
Description Removes a phase from the application.
Description Renames a file on the ftp server.
Description Reports the number of rows affected by the most recent database operation.
Description represents a dictionary event.
Description represents the environment for a desktop component.
Description Request the session manager to switch to another foreground session.
Description Resembles a backward lambda.
Description Reset the semaphore.
Description Reset the tablerow tool to use the given table and columns.
Description Resets the color values to the default color scheme.
Description Resting between Europe and Asia, the country of Turkey is where East Meets West.
Description Retrieves a character from an array of characters and pushes it on the operand stack.
Description Retrieves a long integer from a long integer array and places it on the stack.
Description Retrieves a position of the field in a result set.
Description Retrieves a short from an array of shorts and places it on the stack.
Description Retrieves an object reference from an array of objects and places it on the stack.
Description Retrieves the fractional part of a number.
Description Retrieves the threads priority.
Description Retrieves the value of the field of the current row of the result set as Date.
Description Retrieves the value of the field of the current row of the result set as Double.
Description Retrieves the value of the field of the current row of the result set.
Description Return the default decor.
Description Returns a Boolean indicating whether a command object is open.
Description Returns a collection of all tasks currently running in the desktop.
Description Returns a collection of endnotes.
Description returns a description of the function.
Description Returns a detailed list of files in the given directory.
Description Returns a list of files in the given directory.
Description Returns a result set describing the current server threads.
Description Returns a short descriptive error message.
Description Returns a string in which the character order of a specified string is reversed.
Description Returns a string indicating the specified day of the week. .
Description Returns a string that represents the server version number.
Description Returns a sum of a variable number of expressions.
Description Returns a symbol representing the day of the week on which the given date falls.
Description Returns a text description of the given error code.
Description returns a tool for composing queries.
Description Returns a two dimensional array.
Description Returns a two dimensional value.
Description Returns a value indicating the result of a string comparison .
Description Returns a value indicating the subtype of a variable.
Description Returns a vector describing the passwd entry for the given user.
Description Returns an array containing the distinct, or unique, rows in the input array.
Description Returns an array containing the names of all search arguments.
Description Returns an expression formatted as a date or time.
Description Returns an HTML string to display an icon for the requested file type.
Description Returns long name of selected soundcard.
Description Returns the attached NumberFormatsSupplier .
Description Returns the average of the input regardless of dimensionality.
Description Returns the closest integer value.
Description Returns the collection of embedded objects.
Description Returns the collection of reference marks.
Description Returns the coupon date following settlement.
Description Returns the current system date.
Description Returns the data pointer of the sequence.
Description Returns the depreciation for each accounting period.
Description Returns the index of the current action.
Description Returns the integer portion of a number.
Description Returns the last modified time of the given file.
Description Returns the length of the string str.
Description Returns the major version number of the script engine in use.
Description Returns the message string assocaited with a specified status code.
Description Returns the minor version number of the script engine in use.
Description Returns the name of the current action.
Description Returns the name of the current application file.
Description Returns the name of the currently executing action.
Description Returns the name of the task.
Description Returns the number of columns for the most recent query on the connection.
Description Returns the number of columns in a result set.
Description Returns the number of columns in each row.
Description Returns the number of days between the two dates specified.
Description Returns the number of rows in the result set.
Description Returns the product of the input regardless of dimensionality.
Description Returns the protocol version used by current connection.
Description Returns the simulation window which hosts a certain simulation environment.
Description Returns the sine of an angle.
Description Returns the sinus of the argument.
Description Returns the size of the given file.
Description Returns the specified part of a given date.
Description Returns the square root of a number.
Description Returns the square root of the argument.
Description Returns the starting position of substring in string .
Description Returns the sum of the input regardless of dimensionality.
Description Returns the total number of frames in the movie.
Description Returns the version number of Tango Server.
Description Returns whether the format is currently checked even during editing.
Description Reusing existing code is a major goal of object technology.
Description Review the requirements for voting and the balloting process in Missouri.
Description Revisions to a document.
Description Save the observing projects to a Table.
Description Save the personal wordlist to a file.
Description Saves the details of action names and handlers.
Description Saves the sample training data specified.
Description saves Threat via murmur unto most atlanta falcons apparel when saves except none mate.
Description says it all.
Description Scrambles a string.
Description see prntprev.txt.
Description See separate document.
Description Seeks a high level of current income, consistent with safety of principal.
Description Seeks long-term growth by investing primarily in large capitalization equities.
Description seems reasonable.
Description Select the climber, chalk up and find that perfect hold.
Description Send a button-press N to the gnome desktop manager.
Description Send a string str to all users.
Description Send all output to the supplied filehandle.
Description Send an electronic postcard to a friend.
Description Send encoded mail.
Description Send length bytes of data to the client in a handler function.
Description Send the HTML message.
Description Send the signal sig to the process pid .
Description Send the signal signal to the child process.
Description Sends a blocking request, to the daemon on the specified host, to turn on debug logging.
Description Serve food and assist customers in prompt, courteous manner.
Description Serve on Cafeteria hot stations as needed.
Description serve the added connections.
Description Sets a new routine to be called when the action is invoked.
Description Sets a value for the given property.
Description Sets the background of the terminal .
Description Sets the border color for all menus in the page.
Description Sets the border style for all menus in the page.
Description Sets the border width for all menus in the page.
Description Sets the default palette to be used for subsequent images.
Description Sets the field cursor to the given offset.
Description Sets the fill style of the DrawingGC to style .
Description Sets the font color of the item text for the menu tree.
Description Sets the item highlight rollover behavior for all menu trees in the page.
Description Sets the menu width for all menus in the page.
Description Sets the port number of the address.
Description Sets the reference number for the next palette to be retrieved.
Description Sets the row cursor to an arbitrary row in a query result set.
Description Sets the sockets attributes.
Description Shows the description of the product.
Description Shows the effect an object has on the senses.
Description simply is.
Description Simply return the value.
Description specifies a document which consists of multiple pages with drawings.
Description specifies an event from the mouse.
Description specifies that the string is checked during the input.
Description specifies that the value is checked during the input.
Description Specifies the available modes of how long to remember the password.
Description specifies the component-level keyboard event.
Description Specifies the preferred record syntax for retrieval.
Description Specify the caption of a table.
Description specify the default actions of a button.
Description stand up storage cases for zip or floppy disks.
Description Start or stop monitoring.
Description Starts a repeated section, which lasts until the next s , r or e statement .
Description Starts playing the movie.
Description Stops playing the movie.
Description Substitutes a program with an inherited one.
Description Subtracts either a constant or another spectrum from a spectrum.
Description supports the configuration of a newly created broker.
Description Suspend the execution of the thread.
Description svd computes the matrix singular value decomposition.
Description Take food orders and serve food and beverages to patrons in dining establishments.
Description Takes a display chunk and configures the display based one it.
Description Takes a protein motif and compares it to a set of protein sequences.
Description Takes a single-precision float from the stack and stores it in an array of floats.
Description Takes a two-word long integer from the stack and stores it in an array of long integers.
Description Tell ftp to use ascii mode when transferring files.
Description Tell the session manager that some popup is pending.
Description Tell the session manager that some session wants to perform a popup.
Description tends to be symbolic.
Description Tests whether the leftmost expression is smaller than the rightmost expression.
Description Think of description as the backbone of any paper.
Description Tries to find an address for a host.
Description Tries to sends BytesToSend data from the connected pipe.
Description Tries to sends BytesToSend data from the connected socket.
Description Try to acquire a lock on the mutex variable associated with the condition variable.
Description Try to acquire a read or write lock on the table.
Description Try to acquire the mutex without blocking.
Description Turn it sideways, the picture still works.
Description Turn off animating windows to new positions following re-solves.
Description Turns passive mode on or off.
Description Use a portion or all of the sixty spaces to describe the records contained in the box.
Description Use surf and surfc to view mathematical functions over a rectangular region.
Description Use the COPY command to create a new account which duplicates an existing account.
Description Use the get function to obtain the current values of object properties.
Description Use the harpoon which shoots out a rope at an angle and attaches to higher platforms.
Description Use the window on the left to select a subject.
Description Uses the format string to call the system sprintf function.
Description Uses the ln command to create a lock link to a file.
Description Uses white space effectively to shape characters.
Description Using neural networks to solve difficult problems often requires as much art as science.
Description varies each time it is offered.
Description Very dim.
Description View some pictures with information of Kansas City.
Description Wait for a child process to complete.
Description Wait for one or more threads to exit.
Description Wait for the given process to complete.
Description Watch the videos taken during missions to the moon.
Description Welcome to our internet site.
Description Welcome to the brand new arcade concept.
Description Welcome to the workstation cluster.
Description whitebg toggles the background color of the current figure between white and black.
Description wide is placed in front of an instruction that accesses a local variable.
Description Winds up hill through numerous dogwood trees.
Description Write a program that joins two tables, printing out the joined table to the screen.
Description Write a specified number of bytes to the extra information field of an object.
Description Write a very short description.
Description Write about two characters who are different in many ways.
Description Write data into an object.
Description Writes data to a data set independent of other processes.
Description writes the specified number of bytes to the stream.
Descriptions accompany each product, service or publication.
Descriptions accompany fare books, schedules and other artifacts.
Descriptions accompany illustrations of clothing and other items decorated with beads.
Descriptions accompany the shots, which are updated hourly.
Descriptions act as representations of the original materials.
Descriptions add background history to each car.
Descriptions also appear in periodicals of the period.
Descriptions also indicate quantities of each, package and per box, which is considered one unit.
Descriptions appear below.
Descriptions apply to types.
Descriptions are a different matter.
Descriptions are a fun way to practice new words.
Descriptions are above, the pics they're referring to are beneath.
Descriptions are accurate at time of printing.
Descriptions are accurate to the best of our knowledge.
Descriptions are also available as well.
Descriptions are also in braille.
Descriptions are as accurate as possible.
Descriptions are at the bottom of the map.
Descriptions are at the bottom of the page.
Descriptions are at the indicated web site, with a link to a registration form.
Descriptions are available for all U.S. cities and towns.
Descriptions are available for most of the publications.
Descriptions are available for over two-thirds of the collection.
Descriptions are available for the domains morphology and function only.
Descriptions are available in a number of articles.
Descriptions are available in French and English.
Descriptions are available in German and English.
Descriptions are available of the documents and foreign law collections.
Descriptions are available on each individual program page.
Descriptions are available on their individual pages.
Descriptions are available through campus advising centers.
Descriptions are below each course.
Descriptions are below in chronological order from left to right.
Descriptions are below in the order of the pictures.
Descriptions are below.
Descriptions are blue back, white stomach, large side fins, small black eyes and huge body.
Descriptions are brief descriptions of the associated option.
Descriptions are brief.
Descriptions are by employer size, company revenues, and geographic region in California.
Descriptions are candid and detailed, each based on a personal visit.
Descriptions are clear and concise.
Descriptions are clear and easy to follow.
Descriptions are clear and spiced with fun questions.
Descriptions are clear but rely on nursing knowledge.
Descriptions are clear enough for samples to be accurately identified by another scientist.
Descriptions are closer to the first order facts than inferences.
Descriptions are colourful, but terse.
Descriptions are complete often providing scientific names.
Descriptions are complete, written clearly, and have few errors.
Descriptions are composite, synthesized examples.
Descriptions are concise and informative.
Descriptions are concise and keys are constructed to be simple and easy to use.
Descriptions are concise and provide basic procedures with the necessary skills.
Descriptions are correct to the best of our knowledge, but no guarantee is implied or intended.
Descriptions are detailed and photos are included.
Descriptions are detailed.
Descriptions are entertaining and informative.
Descriptions are excellent.
Descriptions are fairly advanced.
Descriptions are few, but at least the speech is there.
Descriptions are from original builder sales brochures.
Descriptions are from the books back cover, unless otherwise noted.
Descriptions are from the storage envelopes.
Descriptions are from the updated constitution.
Descriptions are generally available only for installed packages.
Descriptions are generally vague.
Descriptions are given for each site and a star rating system is used.
Descriptions are important for human comprehension, but are difficult for agents to mimic.
Descriptions are Important.
Descriptions are in abbreviated form from a computer database.
Descriptions are in Appendices.
Descriptions are in catalog.txt .
Descriptions are in German only.
Descriptions are in the generic, as well as the pictures.
Descriptions are in the university catalog.
Descriptions are indeterminate and complementary and observer dependent.
Descriptions are indeterminate and complimentary, and observer dependent.
Descriptions are individualized and objective .
Descriptions are kinds.
Descriptions are limited to one paragraph with a list of up to eight representative faculty.
Descriptions are limited to one sentence.
Descriptions are lively and the info first-rate.
Descriptions are matched with codes and an assignment is made.
Descriptions are meaningful.
Descriptions are minimal, reading the source material is recommended.
Descriptions are much as given in Strange.
Descriptions are necessary because, as usual, the first five minutes are in silence.
Descriptions are necessary here.
Descriptions are on file at the church office.
Descriptions are on the left side of each page with corresponding numbers at the extreme right.
Descriptions are on there.
Descriptions are optional.
Descriptions are paragraphs following each standard, displayed in regular type.
Descriptions are part of patents.
Descriptions are preliminary and subject to change.
Descriptions are presented in tables.
Descriptions are pretty self explanatory.
Descriptions are sentences that include objects and subjects.
Descriptions are speech acts.
Descriptions are statements.
Descriptions are straightforward and accompanying graphics are easy to understand.
Descriptions are subjective.
Descriptions are technical, minimal, but occasionally evocative.
Descriptions are thorough and easy to read.
Descriptions are to be written in the third person.
Descriptions are two or three sentences long, but provide a tantalizing glimpse of book contents.
Descriptions are unavailable for items added after the agency submittal.
Descriptions are very helpful for viewer.
Descriptions are very helpful if at all possible.
Descriptions are vivid.
Descriptions are well written and are coded as to treatment level.
Descriptions are, at best, journalistic and visual, and all too often absent.
Descriptions based on samples occur in areas such as medical images and terrain models.
Descriptions below are the opinions of the person providing the comments.
Descriptions below explain the offical purpose of each committee.
Descriptions can be for textual documents or image documents.
Descriptions can be vague, but a picture speaks a thousand words.
Descriptions can become more specific with training.
Descriptions can contain details of material to be taught and schedules.
Descriptions can sometimes be poor impersonators of the real thing.
Descriptions change according to topic.
Descriptions come from observations.
Descriptions come from the figure captions.
Descriptions come with the illustrations making the book a fascinating read.
Descriptions contain intricate details.
Descriptions contain links to further information.
Descriptions contain synonymy, and morphological, habitat and distribution information.
Descriptions display with results.
Descriptions examines current trends in phenomenology.
Descriptions explain how the hideaway works.
Descriptions follow . . .
Descriptions follow below.
Descriptions follow in alphabetical order.
Descriptions follow that are listed by numbered title.
Descriptions follow the list.
Descriptions follow, and examples are provided.
Descriptions give basic information about the station and location.
Descriptions gives a brief scope and contents of each collection.
Descriptions have distinctive features.
Descriptions have features.
Descriptions have follow interest observations.
Descriptions have follow observations.
Descriptions have interest observations.
Descriptions have observations.
Descriptions help students.
Descriptions include information.
Descriptions include steps.
Descriptions included- viewable book jackets online.
Descriptions indicate characteristics.
Descriptions indicate whether a conference is public or private.
Descriptions lack intricate detail.
Descriptions lack so much as to be essentially useless.
Descriptions lead to underspecification in a very natural way.
Descriptions lead to visuals.
Descriptions list subject s gender, race, age, and condition.
Descriptions make it at least eight feet tall, long powerful arms, thick hair and a foul smell.
Descriptions make senses.
Descriptions Now is truly user-friendly .
Descriptions provide characteristics.
Descriptions provide examples.
Descriptions provide fashion advice for e-customers.
Descriptions provide historical, cultural and geographical context.
Descriptions provide information on each volume and Tables of Contents with contributors.
Descriptions provide information.
Descriptions provide links to related sites.
Descriptions provide purpose, reliability and validity of tests.
Descriptions publish in journals.
Descriptions range from a few paragraphs up to one or two pages for major areas.
Descriptions range from watery or thin to heavy in body.
Descriptions refer generally to the period of the New Kingdom.
Descriptions refer to related terms and links.
Descriptions require details.
Descriptions seem to be extracted from or supplied by the sites.
Descriptions specify the unique vocal elements of each species.
Descriptions suggest that the bird is an immature.
Descriptions take many forms.
Descriptions tend to be generic, or contain major errors.
Descriptions tend to be reliable.
Descriptions tend to be rough, but uniform.
Descriptions vary according to the types of data.
Descriptions vary in length from a few words to several hundred words.
Descriptions View the page with a graphical browser.
Descriptions Where known, actual publication date is given.
Descriptions often take the form of suggestions about how to best experience an event or a place.
All description here is useless.
All description is at the regimental level.
All descriptions above reflect an honest evaluation of the item's condition and appearance.
All descriptions accurately reflect feelings of American people during time period.
All descriptions are correct, just look closely for the listed content.
All descriptions are in Adobe Acrobat format.
All descriptions are in both English and French.
All descriptions are inadequate.
All descriptions are objective.
All descriptions are subject to Creative Works editing.
All descriptions are subject to editing at our discretion.
All descriptions assume a right-handed spanker.
All descriptions emanate from the definition of the system under study.
All descriptions lie below their pictures.
All descriptions occupy their own separate files .
All descriptions occupy their own separate files.
All descriptions published so far differ to some extent.
All descriptions using trademarked names are for reference puposes only.
Any description given is only for illustrative purposes.
Any description is inadequate.
Any descriptions are for the note above.
Any descriptions can consist of multiple lines and paragraphs.
Any descriptions contained in the Society Information Brochure are appropriate for use.
Every description is a clue, a symbol, a piece of the jigsaw puzzle.
Many descriptions also give examples of actual postings.
Many descriptions are very strange indeed.
Many descriptions involve some kind of evaluation or assessment of the person.
Many descriptions refer only to the district.
Many descriptions require about four to five hours of work.
Many descriptions tell who to contact for more information.
Many descriptions used in school have very positive effects.
More description is on the order form.
Most descriptions also have links to example use in actual Stamp programs.
Most descriptions apply to types.
Most descriptions are a page long with links for more detail.
Most descriptions are in English only.
Most descriptions are of actual projects and include contact information.
Most descriptions are presented in tables.
Most descriptions are very similar, but some do vary a bit.
Most descriptions claim that one is used with potential aspect, and the other with other aspects.
Most descriptions come from observations.
Most descriptions come from the sites themselves.
Most descriptions contain aerial photographs of the sites and parks.
Most descriptions contain interior and exterior photographs.
Most descriptions contain photos.
Most descriptions have distinctive features.
Most descriptions have features.
Most descriptions have interest observations.
Most descriptions have observations.
Most descriptions help students.
Most descriptions indicate characteristics.
Most descriptions make senses.
Most descriptions measure size in terms of length or wingspan.
Most descriptions provide characteristics.
Most descriptions provide examples.
Most descriptions provide information.
Most descriptions provide sample items or reproduce the measure.
Most descriptions publish in journals.
Most descriptions require details.
Some description have links to websites and e-mail address of program producers.
Some descriptions appear in stories.
Some descriptions apply to life style.
Some descriptions apply to operations.
Some descriptions apply to style.
Some descriptions are a composite of more than one person or conversation.
Some descriptions are detailed, but others are minimal.
Some descriptions are given by writers.
Some descriptions are good, others ludicrously brief.
Some descriptions are in English.
Some descriptions are more efficient in the real world than others.
Some descriptions are more interesting than others,'' Roudebush confesses.
Some descriptions are written by astronomers.
Some descriptions become laws.
Some descriptions come from catalogs.
Some descriptions contain costs.
Some descriptions contain hyperlinks to online documents.
Some descriptions contain mission statements provided by the various groups.
Some descriptions cover characteristics.
Some descriptions describe roles.
Some descriptions explain phases.
Some descriptions have links to other related web sites on the same inventor.
Some descriptions indicate disappearances.
Some descriptions make no sense on paper.
Some descriptions make references.
Some descriptions offer possibility.
Some descriptions provide backgrounds.
Some descriptions provide clarity.
Some descriptions require definition.
Some descriptions require more information, such as actor and musician.
Some descriptions sound unbelievable to achieve.
Descriptional complexity has many facets and appears in different forms in various areas.
Descriptive action sequences.
Descriptive ads get better results.
A descriptive adjective is an adjective
Descriptive adjectives describe the noun they modify.
Descriptive analysis includes calculation of averages and standard deviations.
Descriptive analysis is a way of summarizing and aggregating results from groups.
Descriptive analysis requires at least three evaluative processes.
Descriptive anatomy dates back to the ancients.
Descriptive annotations accompany most entries.
Descriptive annotations are in English.
Descriptive annotations clarify the scope of the title.
Descriptive annotations follow the formal citation.
All descriptive annotations are in English.
Descriptive article s that provide previously unpublished information.
Descriptive audio is broadcast to users' earphones.
Descriptive bibliography is a big subject, and requires quite a bit of study.
Descriptive brochures are available upon request to the department.
Descriptive brochures are available upon request.
Descriptive chemistry is emphasized.
Descriptive chemistry is included throughout in all developments.
Descriptive chemistry is integrated throughout the course.
Descriptive commands are also available in a menu.
Descriptive complexity is the complexity of describing problems in some logical formalism.
Descriptive complexity offers a clean approach to understanding dynamic problems.
Descriptive content varies.
Descriptive data is only available on paper.
Descriptive data outlines the nature of subjects Internet usage on each of the adapted criteria.
Most descriptive data is customizable.
Descriptive detail enriches the environmental texture, making it fuller and more vivid.
Descriptive detail is conspicuously absent, movement is all-important.
Descriptive dictionaries describe the language.
Descriptive drawings provide visualization and enhance the discussion of the booklet.
Descriptive entries identify the persons, places, and things of prominence in the collection.
Descriptive epidemiology is a two-step process.
Descriptive ethics describes what moral choices are made.
Descriptive findings suggest that an earthquake culture exists in the study population.
Descriptive folders interpret nature trails.
Descriptive geometry is a study of points, lines and planes in their spatial relationships.
Descriptive geometry is concerned with analyzing and solving space distances and relationships.
Descriptive geometry is geometry
A descriptive grammar is a grammar
Descriptive grammar categorizes the parts of speech and sentence types in English.
Descriptive grammar deals with how language is actually used.
Descriptive guides provide detailed information about the collections.
Descriptive handbooks are available for each area.
Descriptive headings follow for each teaching tip, and major content segments.
Descriptive info is here .
Descriptive information appears in a popup box.
Descriptive information helps the steamship company keep track of the shipment on the pier.
Descriptive information is available in the text.
Descriptive information is available upon request.
Descriptive information is available.
Descriptive information is given to provide a sense of what each internet resource covers.
Descriptive information is included for each.
Descriptive information is inconsistent and often too brief, resulting in unsatisfactory searches.
Descriptive information is probably the most abundant type of information on the dairy farm.
Descriptive information is provided about the data.
Descriptive information is provided for each of the trees featured in the book.
Descriptive information is provided for the resources.
Descriptive information is provided with most pieces.
Descriptive information is very brief.
Descriptive information varies for the two formats.
Some descriptive information is available upon request.
Some descriptive information is included.
Descriptive labels simplify the entire process and speed applications development.
Descriptive language deals with what is actually done.
Descriptive language is employed to illustrate the application of use tax to vendors and consumers.
Descriptive language is sparse.
Descriptive language predominates.
Descriptive language suggests harmony and cooperation.
Descriptive literature illustrating typical reactions is available on request.
Descriptive literature is available upon request.
Descriptive marks are more complicated.
Descriptive marks are weaker and are generally poor choices for trademarks.
Descriptive markup identifies the logical components of documents.
Descriptive markup indicates the nature, function and type of content of a document.
Descriptive markup is able to survive the ever-changing world of software.
Descriptive markup liberates the document for multiple uses.
Descriptive material is covered, and analytics of investments is presented throughout the book.
Descriptive material is provided with each picture.
Descriptive material supporting the discussion is from the field of inorganic and organic chemistry.
Descriptive materials supporting the discussion are from the field of inorganic chemistry.
Some descriptive material is given with each link, usually drawn from the associated website.
Descriptive meaning is given next to each work of art, written by the artist.
Descriptive meaning is the cognitive role of language, in determining belief and understanding.
Descriptive measures are concerned with how much or how many.
Descriptive metadata has much in common with bibliographic cataloging.
Descriptive metadata is used to discover the object.
Descriptive models are the precursors of generative model.
Descriptive models use experimental data to calculate parameters which fit the model to the data.
Descriptive moments reflect conscious decisions.
Descriptive names are the keys.
Descriptive names make it easier to remember what the data are.
Descriptive names make the code easier to read and maintain.
Descriptive narration is a way of making visual media more meaningful to people with vision loss.
Some descriptive notes follow the example.
Descriptive ones can be boring, safe.
Descriptive outlines help writers see the point and purpose of each part of their drafts.
Descriptive pamphlets contain explanations of the origin, content, and arrangement of the records.
Descriptive papers are due in class.
Descriptive passages abound in Killing Time .
Descriptive passages abound throughout the tale.
Descriptive patterns are a key concept for inductive inference of pattern languages.
Descriptive phase diagrams.
Some descriptive pieces are well-drawn, and admirably colored.
Descriptive plaques reveal classical mythology themes and motifs that are woven throughout the saga.
Descriptive portraits shows the person in their environment.
Descriptive practices are essential to having any large body of materials available and accessible.
Descriptive praise is informative.
Descriptive reports provide additional information.
Descriptive representation is shown to affect policy outcomes.
Descriptive research can utilize either qualitative or quantitative methodologies.
Descriptive research is designed to describe the characteristics of the subjects of the science.
Descriptive scenarios are evolutionary and open-ended, exploring paths into the future.
Descriptive sentences describe what people do in particular social situations.
Descriptive signs point out rock formations.
Descriptive signage make the walk an educational experience, too.
Descriptive statistics are measures of location and variability used to characterize data arrays.
Descriptive statistics are the numbers that describe the phenomenon of interest.
Descriptive statistics depend wholly on the data sampled.
Descriptive statistics describe or summarize data.
Descriptive statistics describes the shape of the data.
Descriptive statistics do exactly that, they describe distrubutions of data.
Descriptive statistics indicate there is little difference between the two groups.
Descriptive statistics involves organizing and summarizing important characteristics of the data.
Descriptive statistics is about data summaries.
Descriptive statistics Make a histogram of the ozone concentrations.
Descriptive statistics provide a convenient way of summarizing scores by using numbers.
Descriptive statistics provide a wide variety of summary statistics about the data in the report.
Descriptive statistics provide descriptive summaries of samples and populations.
Descriptive statistics Provides background on mean and standard deviation.
Descriptive statistics provides the language for discussing data.
Descriptive studies are likely to be heavily dependent on the perspective of the researcher.
Descriptive subjects get more attention.
Descriptive taxonomy is covered, with taxonomic keys and other help included in the study manuals.
Descriptive terms are weak .
Descriptive Terms Be able to use the following terms appropriately.
Descriptive terminology is fixed by the form for submitting paper descriptions.
Descriptive text accompanies each image.
Descriptive text accompanies each one.
Descriptive text accompanies the photomicrographs.
Descriptive text defines the ruling body parts and effects of the body language.
Descriptive text details the event or describes the type of facility.
Descriptive text is also be available on-screen to further describe the operation being performed.
Descriptive text is at a middle or high school level.
Descriptive text is attached to larger image.
Descriptive text is included and can include client information.
Descriptive text is included in the margins.
Descriptive text is included.
Descriptive text is interspersed throughout.
Descriptive text is to be placed in the caption.
Descriptive text surrounds the map.
Descriptive truth consists in the agreement or conformity of the mind with reality.
Descriptive units are also fundamental units of meaning from which word meaning can be computed.
Descriptive verification according to older codes is generally a lost art.
Descriptive video enables people with visual impairments to enjoy videotaped programs and movies.
Descriptive video is another new library adventure.
Descriptive videos are also available for adults and children.
Descriptive videos are available for loan.
Descriptive videos are available for the visually challenged.
Descriptive videos are videos of movies which have the visual elements described.
Descriptive words are part of many common expressions.
Descriptive words are subjective, or state someone's opinion.
Descriptive words can be recipe titles, recipe ingredients or a combination of the two.
Descriptive words can make a picture comealive.
Descriptive words create a picture in the reader's mind.
Descriptive words paint a contrasting painting of Tidewater.
Many descriptive words form the setting for the story.
A descriptivism is a doctrine
Descriptivism claims that moral terms are purely descriptive.
Descriptivisms differ according to the nature of the truth conditions they say determine meaning.
A descriptor is a word
Descriptor can include pattern matching directives.
Descriptor contains location and size.
Descriptor searching usually yields the most relevant results.
Descriptors a. Appreciate a variety of print and non-print materials.
Descriptors a. Listen and respond appropriately to oral information.
Descriptors are akin to curriculum objectives.
Descriptors are available in English, French, and Spanish.
Descriptors are controlled vocabulary subject terms.
Descriptors are generally words or phrases that describe a topic.
Descriptors are hierarchical.
Descriptors are in English and German throughout the database.
Descriptors are individual words or multi-word phrases that have been hyphenated.
Descriptors are information.
Descriptors are labels indicating the subject of the publication.
Descriptors are optional, but times in the proper format are mandatory.
Descriptors are secondary indexing terms that further identify the contents reported in an article.
Descriptors bind a feature to a set of values.
Descriptors come from standardized lists of subject headings contained in lists called thesauri.
Descriptors contain an address, pointer-register flag, and indirect modifier.
Descriptors display with their respective field labels.
Descriptors give an indication of the content of the article, book or document.
Descriptors help focus searches.
Descriptors offer quicker, more accurate searches.
Descriptors provide a way of comparing and contrasting molecules in a combinatorial library.
Descriptors provide excellent retrieval capability for specific, well-defined concepts.
Descriptors refer to concepts and subject areas, rather than specific entities.
Descriptors take away the burden of vocabulary control from the user.
Descriptors Use prewriting strategies such as drawing, brainstorming, or storyboarding with support.
Descriptors vary from index to index.
All descriptors are optional and repeatable unless otherwise noted.
Some descriptors have particular meanings in fields other than education.
Desecration is a barrage of eerily composed images that rely heavily on colors to influence mood.
Desecration is a religious term that applies only when something is deemed sacred.
Desecration is a religious term.
Desecration is a religious word and is inappropriate here because the flag is a secular symbol.
Desecration is a term with significant religious connotations.
Desecration is a violation
Desecration is one of the latest in the religious-based horror films produced recently.
Desegregation is a group action
Desegregation is a local issue.
Desegregation simply removes legal and social prohibitions.
Deselected maps remain in their original position in the stack but become invisible.
Desensitisation is a physical process
Desensitisation is the total irradiation of sensitivity.
Desensitization aims at attempting to lower the level of anti-gay rhetoric.
Desensitization comes with the territory.
Desensitization gets people slowly used to the idea of the feared object or situation.
Desensitization is a decreased anxiety and aversion to violence.
Desensitization is a physical process
Desensitization is a problem caused by continued exposure to what is scary.
Desensitization is a two step process.
Desensitization is also a procedure used in behavior therapy of phobias.
Desensitization is always an issue in today s world, be it to magic, violence or sexual content.
Desensitization is another important treatment component in helping people to achieve abstinence.
Desensitization is decrease.
Desensitization is initiated as soon as possible and scar massage is initiated after suture removal.
Desensitization is initiated as soon as the wound is accessible.
Desensitization is one thing, which is bad enough.
Desensitization is possible in a controlled environment.
Desensitization is the traditional approach.
Desensitization is very effective, as well as the development of cognitive coping strategies.
Desensitization means slowly exposing a person to what is feared.
Desensitization requires hospitalization and monitoring.
Desensitization takes time and patience to be truly effective.
Desensitization works on everyone of every age.
Desensitization works well for managing fear or anxiety.
Desert animals eat plants.
Desert animals expel air.
Desert animals expel dry air.
Desert animals get sufficient water.
Desert animals get water.
Desert animals have areas.
Desert animals have coats.
Desert animals have diets.
Desert animals have ears.
Desert animals have organs.
Desert animals have small areas.
Desert animals have small surface areas.
Desert animals have surface areas.
Desert animals have thick coats.
Desert animals live in environments.
Desert animals obtain water.
Desert animals prey on birds.
Many desert animals are light-colored.
Many desert animals are most active at night when the temperatures are cooler.
Many desert animals are nocturnal, and they are often become active close to sunset and sunrise.
Many desert animals are nocturnal, coming out only when the brutal sun has descended to hunt.
Many desert animals are nocturnal.
Many desert animals are paler than their relatives elsewhere in more moderate environments.
Many desert animals burrow to reach moderate temperatures.
Most desert animals are active during the coolest time of day.
Most desert animals are nocturnal, active only during the night.
Most desert animals are small.
Most desert animals can go for long periods without water to drink.
Most desert animals eat plants.
Most desert animals expel air.
Most desert animals expel dry air.
Most desert animals get sufficient water.
Most desert animals get water.
Most desert animals have areas.
Most desert animals have coats.
Most desert animals have diets.
Most desert animals have ears.
Most desert animals have organs.
Most desert animals have small areas.
Most desert animals have small surface areas.
Most desert animals have surface areas.
Most desert animals have thick coats.
Most desert animals limit their above-ground activity in summer to twilight or evening hours.
Most desert animals live in environments.
Most desert animals obtain water.
Most desert animals prey on birds.
Some desert animals avoid heat.
Some desert animals burrow into earth.
Some desert animals burrow into moist earth.
Some desert animals die of exhaustion.
Some desert animals die of heat exhaustion.
Some desert animals have coat layers.
Some desert animals have layers.
Some desert animals hide under rocks during the day to escape the sun's heat.
Some desert animals urinate on their legs to cool themselves - dual purpose water.
Desert bighorn sheep detect predators.
Desert bighorn sheep eat plants.
Desert bighorn sheep get food.
Desert bighorn sheep get water.
Desert bighorns eat desert plants.
Desert bighorns eat plants.
Desert bighorns have ranges.
Desert bighorns prefer the most rugged, inaccessible parts of the range.
Desert bighorns show considerable differentiation between the sexes.
Most desert bighorns eat desert plants.
Most desert bighorns eat plants.
Most desert bighorns have ranges.
Some desert bighorns adapt to climates.
Some desert bighorns adapt to dry climates.
Some desert bighorns get moisture.
Some desert bighorns have legs.
Desert birds depend on sources.
Desert birds depend on water sources.
Desert birds have glands.
Desert birds have salt glands.
Desert cacti require water.
Desert cottontails eat diets.
Desert cottontails eat herbivorous diets.
Desert cottontails have round tails.
Desert cottontails have tails.
Desert cottontails use burrows.
Most desert cottontails eat diets.
Most desert cottontails eat herbivorous diets.
Most desert cottontails have round tails.
Most desert cottontails have tails.
Desert dwellers require water.
Desert environments contain plants.
Most desert fauna is nocturnal, and even diurnal species usually remain inactive during the mid-day.
Desert foxes have ears.
Most desert foxes have ears.
Desert gardeners know tomatoes.
Some desert hedgehogs enter hibernation.
Desert kit foxes use water.
Desert Lake is located approximately one hour north of Kingston, Ontario.
Desert lilies look like easter lilies.
Desert lilies look like lilies.
Most desert lilies look like easter lilies.
Most desert lilies look like lilies.
Desert lizards possess glands.
Desert lizards possess nasal glands.
Desert lizards possess nasal salt glands.
Desert lizards possess salt glands.
Most desert lizards possess glands.
Most desert lizards possess nasal glands.
Most desert lizards possess nasal salt glands.
Most desert lizards possess salt glands.
Desert mammals adapt to arid conditions.
Desert mammals adapt to conditions.
Desert mammals produce concentrate urine.
Desert mammals produce urine.
Some desert mountains provide escape routes.
Some desert mountains provide routes.
A desert plant is a tracheophyte
Desert plants are vascular plants.
Desert plants grow in places.
Desert plants have biology.
Desert plants have broad leaves.
Desert plants have characteristics.
Desert plants have leaves.
Desert plants have long tap roots.
Desert plants have reproductive biology.
Desert plants have root surfaces.
Desert plants have roots.
Desert plants have surfaces.
Desert plants have tap roots.
Desert plants look very different from plants that live near the ocean or in the mountains.
Desert plants need water.
Desert plants produce large leaves.
Desert plants produce leaves.
Desert plants store water.
Desert plants survive conditions.
Desert plants survive dry conditions.
Desert plants survive in conditions.
Desert plants survive in difficult conditions.
Desert plants survive months.
Desert plants thrive in arid environments.
Desert plants thrive in environments.
Many desert plants are adapted to have very large root systems to collect the most amount of water.
Many desert plants are annual s, which means they only live for one season.
Many desert plants are hairy to minimize water loss.
Many desert plants can live to be hundreds of years old.
Many desert plants have barbs or thorns which can make hiking painfully inconvenient at times.
Many desert plants have long, shallow root systems.
Many desert plants have their leaves modified as spines .
Many desert plants have their stomata in deep pits to minimize water loss by evaporation.
Many desert plants lack leaves in order to reduce water loss during photosynthesis.
Many desert plants rely on their stems, which have few pores, to take over the food-producing role.
Many desert plants use the wind instead.
Most desert plants conserve water actively.
Most desert plants grow in places.
Most desert plants have biology.
Most desert plants have broad leaves.
Most desert plants have characteristics.
Most desert plants have few stomata on the bottom side of the leaf, protected by deep depressions.
Most desert plants have lateral roots, which spread around so they can absorb the rain more easily.
Most desert plants have leaves.
Most desert plants have long tap roots.
Most desert plants have reproductive biology.
Most desert plants have root surfaces.
Most desert plants have roots.
Most desert plants have surfaces.
Most desert plants have tap roots.
Most desert plants produce large leaves.
Most desert plants produce leaves.
Most desert plants survive conditions.
Most desert plants survive dry conditions.
Most desert plants survive in conditions.
Most desert plants survive in difficult conditions.
Most desert plants survive months.
Most desert plants thrive in arid environments.
Most desert plants thrive in environments.
Some desert plants can tolerate much more negative leaf water potential values.
Some desert plants combine the two systems and have a set of radial roots and one deep tap root.
Some desert plants have many roots.
Some desert plants have very short life cycles, living only days or weeks.
Some desert plants solve problems.
Some desert plants wait for rain to swell their capsules.
Desert rain fills lakes.
Most desert rain fills lakes.
Desert regions have life.
Most desert regions have life.
Some desert regions have amounts.
Desert rodents have kidneys.
Desert sand has color.
Most desert sand has color.
Desert scorpions drink water.
Desert scrub communities adapt to environments.
Desert scrub communities adapt to harsh environments.
Desert shrews eat prey.
Desert shrews feed on insects.
Desert shrews have eyes.
Desert shrews have tails.
Most desert shrews eat prey.
Most desert shrews feed on insects.
Most desert shrews have eyes.
Most desert shrews have tails.
Some desert shrews develop life.
Some desert shrubs survive because their roots make a U-turn to find water.
Desert tortoises dig burrows.
Desert tortoises feed on shrubs.
Desert tortoises have dome shells.
Desert tortoises have hard shells.
Desert tortoises have high dome shells.
Desert tortoises have shells.
Desert tortoises live in areas.
Desert tortoises live in habitats.
Desert tortoises share habitats.
Desert tortoises use burrows.
Desert tortoises use claws.
Desert tortoises use sharp claws.
Most desert tortoises feed on shrubs.
Most desert tortoises have dome shells.
Most desert tortoises have hard shells.
Most desert tortoises have high dome shells.
Most desert tortoises have shells.
Most desert tortoises live in areas.
Most desert tortoises live in habitats.
Most desert tortoises use burrows.
Most desert tortoises use claws.
Most desert tortoises use sharp claws.
Some desert tortoises carry diseases.
Some desert tortoises create environments.
Some desert tortoises eat insects.
Some desert tortoises emerge from burrows.
Some desert tortoises emerge from underground burrows.
Some desert tortoises have characteristics.
Some desert tortoises have many unique characteristics.
Some desert tortoises have unique characteristics.
Some desert tortoises receive vitamins.
Some desert tortoises retain water.
Some desert tortoises show symptoms.
Some desert tortoises take advantage.
Desert trails lead hikers to remote villages, lush valleys, and amazing landscapes.
Some desert willows produce flowers.
Some desert willows produce pink flowers.
A desert is a biome
A desert is a tract
Desert isa biome.
Desert isa tract.
Desert stars by the hundreds glint like freshly polished silver.
Desert termites often consume entire above-ground portions of plants.
Deserts also have different species of plants from coastal sage scrub.
Deserts are a let down.
Deserts are a special treat in Budapest.
Deserts are also fragile environments.
Deserts are also hard on plants.
Deserts are among the most inhospitable environments for animal life.
Deserts are areas of light rainfall with little or no plant or animal life.
Deserts are areas where evaporation exceeds rainfall.
Deserts are arid environments.
Deserts are at the top of the wilderness list for danger and death.
Deserts are biomes that receive very little rain.
Deserts are biomes.
Deserts are certainly more diverse than most people suspect.
Deserts are characterized by their limited precipitation.
Deserts are characterized in an overall lack of water.
Deserts are consequences.
Deserts are decadent and barely legal.
Deserts are defined by the amount of rainfall.
Deserts are defined by their dryness.
Deserts are dries.
Deserts are dry and hot.
Deserts are dry, hot places.
Deserts are dry.
Deserts are extreme.
Deserts are extremely dry areas that are hot during the day and often cool at night.
Deserts are formed in several ways.
Deserts are generally barren with little vegetation or animal life.
Deserts are good places to think about that kind of stuff.
Deserts are hard places for mammals to live.
Deserts are hot, dry places.
Deserts are hot.
Deserts are indeed the most inhospitable of all places to live.
Deserts are interesting in satellite imagery because they can look like clouds or snow.
Deserts are international and varied.
Deserts are light-coloured.
Deserts are like that.
Deserts are likely to become more extreme and result in increased soil erosion.
Deserts are lonely, empty-seeming places.
Deserts are natural things.
Deserts are non-sugared and wholesome.
Deserts are one kind of terrestrial biome, for example.
Deserts are one of the few habitats that are actually increasing in size.
Deserts are outstanding, though.
Deserts are places where the reality is more than just virtually real.
Deserts are places where there is very little rainfall throughout the year.
Deserts are places.
Deserts are regions that receive less than ten inches of rain a year.
Deserts are terrains.
Deserts are terrific places to hike and camp in the late fall and early spring.
Deserts are the driest places on earth.
Deserts are the home to many living things.
Deserts are the perfect environments for mirages.
Deserts are there, and different skies, And night with different stars.
Deserts are too hot and mountain regions are usually too rocky and rough.
Deserts are top notch, too.
Deserts are tracts.
Deserts are typically dry areas that experience extremely small amounts of rainfall.
Deserts are typically French with rich cakes and deserts.
Deserts are usually very, very dry.
Deserts are very bare.
Deserts are very dry places.
Deserts are very dry regions with limited plant and animal life.
Deserts are very hot and dry.
Deserts are windy, and windy conditions contribute to evaporation.
Deserts are yellow, grasslands light green, and forests dark green.
Deserts can also be plains.
Deserts can be also great fun.
Deserts can be either hot or cold.
Deserts can be hot or cold.
Deserts can be just about anything.
Deserts can be within any layer.
Deserts can hold economically valuable resources that drive civilizations and economies.
Deserts can take the form of flat land, mesas, and mountains.
Deserts come as an array of five plates.
Deserts cover a third of all land masses and are located in polar as well as equatorial regions.
Deserts cover about one seventh of the earth's surface.
Deserts cover about one-fifth of the earth's surface.
Deserts cover the central section of the Western Plateau.
Deserts do scary things to people.
Deserts generally hove a more or less open shrub vegetation called scrub.
Deserts get lonely.
Deserts get very little rain.
Deserts hamper large-scale or long movements.
Deserts have (part) oases.
Deserts have a varied species of animals that have adapted to the harsh climate of the desert.
Deserts have cacti.
Deserts have cactuses.
Deserts have extreme temperatures ranging from scorching hot summers to freezing cold winters.
Deserts have extreme temperatures.
Deserts have little soil because moisture is so low and the rate of chemical weathering is slow.
Deserts have sparse vegetation.
Deserts Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Deserts make up the hottest biome, but can also get cold temperatures in winter.
Deserts occupy almost one-quarter of California.
Deserts occur where evaporation greatly exceeds the rainfall.
Deserts originate by several different mechanisms that result in five types of deserts.
Deserts present a very challenging environment for animals.
Deserts present many different features to consider.
Deserts show as light colors.
Deserts take up about one third of the Earth's land surface.
Deserts tells of sand, desert plants, animals, peoples and minerals.
Deserts tend to preserve what was there before so people can dig it up.
Deserts typically have a plant cover that is sparse but enormously diverse.
Deserts typically record the highest temperatures.
Deserts vary in age.
Deserts Watch .
Deserts often provide little shelter from the sun for large animals.
Deserts usually have at least one permanent drainage system of dry stream beds.
Deserts usually have low humidity , and tropical regions have high humidity .
Deserts usually have low humidity, and tropical regions have high humidity.
Deserts usually lack the O Horizon.
All deserts are different.
All deserts are honey sweetened.
All deserts have great temperature variation.
All deserts have very little rain.
Every desert is different.
Many deserts are rocky with scattered plants and shrubs.
Many deserts can quickly get cold once the sun sets.
Many deserts have mild winters, while others have freezing temperatures and snow.
Many deserts have no drain age to a river, lake, or ocean.
Most deserts are cold at night.
Most deserts are hot in the day and cold at night.
Most deserts are located within two belts near the equator.
Most deserts are semi-arid , arid or hyperarid , with the exception of Antarctica .
Most deserts are semi-arid, arid or hyperarid, with the exception of Antarctica.
Most deserts are very hot, but cold deserts also exist.
Most deserts have cacti.
Most deserts occur in regions that typically have high atmospheric pressure.
Some deserts are among the planet's last remaining areas of total wilderness.
Some deserts are hot while others are cold.
Some deserts are in the Mountains.
Some deserts are mountainous.
Some deserts are near oceans.
Some deserts are than others.
Some deserts can be cold for most of the year.
Some deserts cause problems.
Some deserts extend to the seashore.
Some deserts form prairie regions.
Some deserts form regions.
Some deserts have a more delicate ecosystem than the most intricate rain forest.
Some deserts have a pie crust.
Some deserts have color patterns.
Some deserts have features.
Some deserts have lots of cactus.
Some deserts have lots of trees.
Some deserts have low productivity.
Some deserts have mountains.
Some deserts have no rain for intervals of several years.
Some deserts have patterns.
Some deserts have productivity.
Some deserts have trees.
Some deserts provide water.
Some deserts receive only three or four inches of rain a year.
Some deserts support animals.
Deserted beaches do exist, but are best visited in a group.
Deserted beaches welcome crashing breakers.
Deserted buildings pock the streets.
Deserted islands are less fun than they sound.
Deserted schoolyards are now full of active children playing soccer.
A deserter is an offender
Deserter comes before woman possessively, somewhat.
Deserter refuses to take oath.
Deserters are military strike-breakers.
Deserters are quitters.
Deserters are wrongdoers.
Deserters face the death penalty.
Most deserters also cite hazing as the reason they have fled the army.
A desertification is a geologic process
Desertification affects all types of agricultural lands.
Desertification affects global climate change through soil and vegetation losses.
Desertification affects in total, the lives of one-sixth of the world's population.
Desertification affects one-sixth of the world's population.
Desertification affects over a billion people.
Desertification also affects air transport.
Desertification also has global significance.
Desertification can cause flooding, poor water quality, dust storms, and pollution.
Desertification can happen quickly, placing large numbers of people at great risk.
Desertification can result from poorly managed human intervention in the savannah.
Desertification caused by feral goats leaves little food or shelter for native animals .
Desertification caused by water erosion is also very severe.
Desertification compounds the problem of water scarcity.
Desertification continues at a fast rate.
Desertification continues at a high rate.
Desertification continues to impact agricultural production.
Desertification continues unchecked.
Desertification contributes to both regional and global climate change . . .
Desertification contributes to world hunger.
Desertification describes the degradation of semiarid grasslands at the desert's edge.
Desertification feeds on itself.
Desertification following the steady destruction of rain-forests is a growing menace.
Desertification has environmental impacts outside of the areas in which it is occuring.
Desertification implies soil erosion.
Desertification involves the depletion of vegetation and soils.
Desertification is a challenge to developed as well as developing nations.
Desertification is a complex and sometimes controversial issue.
Desertification is a complex phenomena whose effects are manifested socially.
Desertification is a growing problem associated with overuse of poor lands.
Desertification is a land degradation problem of major importance in the arid regions of the world.
Desertification is a major problem in The Gambia.
Desertification is a real threat.
Desertification is a result of environmental problems such as deforestation and soil erosion.
Desertification is a serious threat, as is gradual salinization of the soils due to irrigation.
Desertification is a social and economic as well as an environmental problem.
Desertification is a specific phenomenon of arid, semiarid and day sub humid.
Desertification is accelerated.
Desertification is also a key issue.
Desertification is also a significant threat.
Desertification is also a threat in small areas at the extreme southern tip of Brazil.
Desertification is an increasing problem.
Desertification is an on-going process on many areas of Earth.
Desertification is another area where international cooperation is needed.
Desertification is another consequence of China's lagging water supplies.
Desertification is another main concern for the Afghan people.
Desertification is another serious soil-related problem.
Desertification is but one threat to the global environment that has become all too real.
Desertification is caused by a combination of factors that change over time and vary by location.
Desertification is caused by climatic change.
Desertification is caused by global cold, a severe environment, along with man-created sabotage.
Desertification is heavily a result of deforesation.
Desertification is most severe in Africa.
Desertification is much more than a curious scientific problem.
Desertification is of great concern in many parts of the world, yet people struggle to define it.
Desertification is part of a wider dilemma regarding land and water use in China.
Desertification is recognized as a major threat to biodiversity .
Desertification is the conversion of grasslands and croplands to desertlike conditions.
Desertification is the first issue to be tackled by the group.
Desertification is the impoverishment of terrestrial ecosystems under the impact of man.
Desertification is the process of arable land changing into unproductive soil, or desert.
Desertification is the result of a combination of overgrazing and water erosion.
Desertification is what happens to land when it becomes dried out and is no longer habitable.
Desertification leads to increased sediment loads in rivers, which harms wildlife.
Desertification occurs as a result of natural forces and human forces.
Desertification reduces the amount of land available for agriculture.
Desertification takes many different forms across the vast Asian continent.
Desertification takes place in Africa.
Desertification takes place in drylands all over the world.
Desertifications are geological processes.
Desertification usually begins as a spot on the land-scape where land abuse has become excessive.
Desertification usually happens in semi-arid areas that border deserts.
Desertification usually happens on the edge of deserts .
Desertification usually happens on the edge of deserts.
Most desertification occurs as the result of natural processes.
Desertion can be a ground of divorce only when the departing person is an unbeliever.
Desertion comes quickly.
Desertion is . . .
Desertion is a crime, according to the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
Desertion is a grounds for divorce in states with fault divorce.
Desertion is a very common charge found in Civil War court-martial case files.
Desertion is a withdrawal
Desertion is charged.
Desertion is high and repetition is used as a source of revenue.
Desertion is on the rise.
Desertion is out of the question.
Desertion is taken to mean almost everything, from mental cruelty to being aloof.
Desertion is when one spouse abandons the other.
Desertion is widespread and suicides are on the rise.
Desertion is withdrawals.
Desertion is wrong because it shows disloyalty and betrayal.
Desertion requires that the parties have lived apart for two years or more.
Desertions are due mainly to economic reasons.
Desertions continue from the ranks of the volunteers enrolled at New Orleans.
Deserts Deserts are regions of little net deposition.
Many desertscrub species are drought-deciduous.
Deserved rewards arrive.
Desferal toxicity is monitored every six months via vision and hearing screening.
Desi chickpeas are small and angular with thick seed coats and are mainly split to form dhal.
Desi chickpeas are smaller and more angular and tend to range from purple to green in colour.
Desiccant action makes the product last for several months.
Desiccant bags protect items from moisture damage and corrosion during shipping and storage.
Desiccant dryers have a drain at the bottom that lets water escape.
Desiccant film is available in a variety of widths to meet packaging specifications.
Desiccant packs are available from Midway.
Desiccant packs contain clay beads that absorb moisture inside containers during shipping.
Desiccant systems can dry air very deeply, no matter how low the temperature.
Desiccant systems decrease humidity and greatly reduce energy demands on mechanical equipment.
Desiccant systems dry the incoming fresh air, which keeps humidity low inside the building.
Desiccant systems remove moisture directly from the air without cooling it.
Desiccant systems remove moisture from air very effectively.
Desiccant technologies have numerous current and potential applications.
A desiccant is a chemical agent
Desiccant is there as a final defence.
Desiccant is used to absorb moisture.
Desiccants are chemical agents.
Desiccants are commercially available in desiccant units.
Desiccants are materials that readily attract and adsorb moisture.
Desiccants are materials with the capacity to adsorb water vapor from the air.
Desiccants can improve the indoor air quality of all types of buildings.
Desiccants chemically remove moisture from the air.
Desiccants contribute to a drier, cleaner, more comfortable environment in stores of all kinds.
Desiccants cool the air by reducing the humidity.
Desiccants dry the air prior to cooling.
Desiccants keep humidity low, which allows effective heat release through perspiration.
Desiccants maintain the quality of a pharmaceutical product or device during shipping and storage.
Desiccants Promote drying of living tissues, such as unwanted plant tops.
Desiccants reduce drying time most when drying conditions are good.
Desiccants reduce drying time, most when drying conditions are good.
Desiccants reduce the ambient moisture in the air, making it more comfortable and easier to cool.
Desiccants work only on legumes such as alfalfa, trefoil and clovers.
Desiccants work only on legumes such as alfalfa, trefoil, and clovers.
All desiccants have potential to damage adjacent crops.
Some desiccants change color to indicate moisture content.
Some desiccants turn color when saturated with moisture.
Desiccated coconut is inappropriate here.
Desiccated coconut is marketed in bulk as well as in small packs.
Desiccated coconut is unsuitable as bird food.
Desiccated coconut is used as a substitute to grated raw coconut in various food preparations.
Desiccated food requires water.
Desiccated liver is good for anemia and aids in building healthy red blood cells.
Desiccated spots appear as white areas.
Desiccation cracks are joints that form in a layer of mud when it dries and shrinks.
A desiccation is an extraction
Desiccation also poses a problem for reproducing on land.
Desiccation is another kind of winterkill that damages our plants in winter.
Desiccation is common on evergreen plants, but it can occur on deciduous plants as well.
Desiccation is responsible for the disintegration of cervid skulls with unshed antlers.
Desiccation is the enemy.
Desiccation is the process of drying out due to the effect of sunlight and wind.
Desiccation occurs because water is limited due to reduced root activity and frozen soil.
Desiccation occurs when water leaves the plant faster than it is taken up.
Desiccation requires that all water be removed from tissue.
Desiccation threatens animals living in intertidal zones on the rocky shore.
Desiduous fronds develop in an open rosette, fertile fronds held erect and sterile ones spreading.
Design advocates claim they have been deliberately snubbed by the scientific establishment.
Design arguments are old hat.
Design arguments can be either inductive or deductive.
Design bureaus continue to put out competitive jets and helicopters.
Design changes are a big improvement.
Design changes are always costly.
Design changes are an inevitable part of the process.
Design changes can propagate rapidly and automatically throughout an entire site.
Design changes come thick and fast.
Design changes have to be incorporated into every part of the shoe, especially the sole.
Many design changes add no extra cost to a home plan whatsoever.
Design choices are flexible, to create a unified family of fixtures or unique accent lighting.
Design choices are logical and consistent with an overall vision, style, or sense of audience.
Design choices seem appropriate to the audience and the topic.
All design choices have trade-offs.
Many design choices are unchanged.
Design codes can be strict, limiting choice in housing type and decoration.
Many design companies tell their customers what looks good and what looks bad.
Most design companies are resellers for hosting companies.
Some design companies assign webmaster duties to several different people.
Some design companies give straightforward 'package' quotes.
Design control requires input up front and continuing involvement from the project team.
Design defects are inherent flaws in a product.
Design defects are inherent, they exist before the product is manufactured.
Design education is more than an attempt to teach a set of technical skills.
Design education is the passing on of the cultural tools of survival.
Design engineers can be anywhere.
Design engineers can even specify test setups and required results that test technicians can follow.
Design engineers can meet as a group to use the toolkit.
Design engineers can test and characterize circuits before ICs are diced and packaged.
Design engineers consider the type of work, environmental factors and cost.
Design engineers have responsibility.
Design engineers know that perfection is hard to achieve on the first go around.
Design engineers know their parts.
Design engineers look for cost-effective ways to transfer heat from dissipating components.
Design engineers retire, or move away leaving inadequate design records.
Design engineers use similar designs to estimate a new design's manufacturability.
Design engineers work with development engineers to design the actual product.
Design engineers work with drawings.
Most design engineers have responsibility.
Design engineering includes mapping, precise grading, drainage and street improvement plans.
Design engineering is the science and art of making and using things.
Design experts contend appropriate lighting is essential to help prevent falls.
Design features include size.
Design firms are eligible.
Design firms are notorious for often requiring late hours.
Design firms stop at writing the code that makes the website dynamic and functional.
Many design firms hinder the collection of accounts receivable even before signing a contract.
Most design firms develop an in-house layering standard, but few agree on the same one.
Most design firms operate like factories.
Some design firms have an online directory of all their clients to attract more visitors.
Design flaws allow programmers to exploit vulnerabilities within an operating environment.
Design flaws become more pronounced as a business grows.
Design flaws keep online shoppers from buying.
Design flaws travel in groups.
Any design flaws become immediately known and much easier to resolve.
Design guidelines establish values.
Design history is required to be researched and incorporated into projects.
Design issues are essential to downtown revitalization.
Design issues depend, in large part, upon the expertise and creativity of the researcher.
Design knowledge is an advantage.
Design life is an important quantitative measure that defines the quality of the project.
Design management is the application of project management techniques to the design process.
Design methods help formalize problem solving procedures and techniques.
Design methodologies have to a large extent ignored controllability aspects of the final design.
Most design methodologies are bloated and impractical.
Design objectives are low power and simple design.
Design of city uses parks and public spaces as landmarks.
Design patents apply to new, original, and ornamental design for an article or manufacure.
Design patents apply to the aesthetic or ornamental appearance of products.
Design patents are difficult and expensive to obtain.
Design patents are enforceable for a term of fourteen years from their issue date.
Design patents are no subject to maintenance fee payments.
Design patents are purely visual, so there is no written description.
Design patents cover any new, original and ornamental design for an article of manufacture.
Design patents cover new ornamental designs for articles of manufacture.
Design patents cover new ornamental designs for manufactured articles.
Design patents cover the ornamental appearance of articles of manufacture or machines.
Design patents expire at the conclusion of fourteen from the date of the grant of the patent.
Design patents protect new, unobvious, and ornamental designs of products.
Design patents protect novel, non-functional design elements.
Design patents protect the original ornamental design of manufactured products.
Design patents protect the overall ornamental appearance of an article.
Design patents refer to any new ornamental design for an item.
Design patents require only a drawing for a claim, and no textual descriptions.
Design patents vary widely in cost.
Design pattern is on both sides.
Design patterns are a good example of a form of reuse.
Design patterns are a new way to think about and communicate software architectures.
Design patterns are a tool for capturing expertise about design and for improving design.
Design patterns are an important tool in writing reusable code.
Design patterns are design ideas, experiences which can be used effectively.
Design patterns are design solutions to recurring problems in software construction.
Design patterns are intimately related to object-oriented programming.
Design patterns are logic in nature, but code patterns are physical in nature.
Design patterns are normally devoid of semantics to enhance reusability.
Design patterns are of interest to developers, but probably no one else.
Design patterns are patterns.
Design patterns are reusable micro architectures, which frequently occur in object oriented systems.
Design patterns are solutions to regularly occurring problems.
Design patterns are used in object oriented programming .
Design patterns are used in object oriented programming.
Design patterns can help here.
Design patterns concentrate on providing a suggestive lexicon for designs to be conveyed.
Design patterns generalize the collective wisdom of other developers.
Design patterns identify, name, and abstract common themes in object-oriented design.
Design patterns play many roles in the development process.
Design patterns promote design reuse by capturing and expounding proven object-oriented designs.
Design patterns provide a useful way to describe and view software.
Design patterns take cue from architecture .
Many design patterns offer efficient modeling of static and dynamic object relationships.
Design philosophy is to produce yachts of high quality, safety, comfort and speed.
Design planning is floorplanning plus estimation.
Design planning is the development of a plan for converting a product idea into an actual product.
Design principles are normally time-consuming and hard to teach in traditional classes.
Design principles are really the taste of the author.
Design process is emphasized.
Design process Prepare a bubble diagram.
Design rationale is given with a list of references for one product.
Design rationale starts with a design question, that is a problem that needs to be solved.
Design registration is assignable to any side.
Design registration is used to protect the visual appearance of manufactured products.
Design research focuses on design theory, methods, and practice.
Design research is stressed from the beginning.
Design research is the invention of artifacts to solve problems.
Design review is an important part of the design process to monitor progress.
Design review needs patronage, a core of supporters who stick with it over time.
Design review relies on performance standards rather than prescriptive regulations.
Design reviews are the critical mode of interaction in many forms of design engineering.
Design reviews are the right time to question implications of design changes on power.
Design reviews can be an effective countermeasure.
Design reviews can play an important role in the design process.
Design reviews keep our customers in the development loop.
Design right comes into operation automatically and the protection period is shorter.
Design rights protect novel designs of articles.
Design rights provide an incentive to individuals and industry to create and innovate.
Design rules are on-reticle active poly line or space widths.
Design rules check for violations of bend radius, maximum diameter, and other parameters.
Design rules consider user specified values for trace, pad, component, and board outline clearances.
Design rules specify geometric constraints on the layout artwork.
Design software is available, free of charge.
Design specification are same between the sister ships.
Design specifications can have a variety of structures.
Design specifications help prevent searchers from becoming lost in the hunt.
Design specifications help prevent searchers from becoming lostin the hunt.
Design speed is important to the selection of design criteria.
Design speed is what engineers refer to.
Design strategies define activities within the constraints of time and resources.
Design strategies emphasize fitting job demands to the capabilities and limitations of workers.
Design strategies try to target the causes of potential musculoskeletal problems.
Design studios offer opportunities for synthesis and testing of knowledge gained in lecture courses.
Design studios provide students with permanent work stations.
Design studies explore the place of ideas and ideation in formal invention and judgment.
Design style is highly visual and engaging.
Design styles run from traditional to contemporary.
Design theory focuses on architectural and urban theory and history.
Design theory is taught through a progression of visual problems.
Design theory supports core study areas.
Design time is also probably the biggest factor in making or missing a delivery schedule.
Design time is especially tight for ASICs.
Design time is non-refundable.
Design time is relatively less costly than production time.
Design time is significantly less than with conventional logical de sign.
Design tools are a required mission-critical resource.
Design tools are helpful for designing the testing phase for a project.
Design tools can create a room configuration.
Design tools tend to be bulky and arcane and leave much of the real work to developers.
Most design tools do have a facility to allow one to add new or unsupported tags, however.
Design values are for loads applied to the narrow face of the framing members.
Design workshops are underway.
A design is a creation
Design accommodates future solar water heating.
Design accommodates small groups.
Design accommodates varied interests and abilities through project based learning.
Design accommodates wide variety of materials.
Design acts as a medium for cultural investigation and visual expression.
Design adapts to various standard screen resolutions.
Design affects structure, layout, coherence, and ease of navigation through the site.
Design allows boom unrestricted ability to swivel on horizontal axis.
Design allows coverage on entire surface of mug.
Design allows customize fit as needed.
Design allows easy disassembly and low replacement mask cost.
Design allows enough flex so that easily slips on and off and is comfortable to wear.
Design allows flexibility in instructional strategies and evaluation.
Design allows for access from multiple client operating systems within the district.
Design allows for easy application and removal.
Design allows for easy installation utilizing the cleat holes to mount the cleat cover box.
Design allows for easy visibility and reading of text.
Design allows for future addition of direct evaporative cooling.
Design allows for installation and operation at any angle.
Design allows for ordering the tarp to roll off the top or bottom.
Design allows for positive lock and smooth release even with the heaviest draw weight bows.
Design allows for simple poly tape insertion.
Design allows for use with less expensive ground base pipe with smaller o.d.
Design allows for user-friendly, weighted stretching process.
Design allows for using decor materials that can be adjusted to various dramatic works.
Design allows for very unrestricted movement during training.
Design allows hanger rod to swing from vertical providing flexibility at the beam clamp.
Design allows light in.
Design allows maximum cockpit coverage with maximum visibility.
Design allows one thimble to pass through the eye of another to use as a choker sling.
Design allows ramping, plunge to depth of chip clearance and peripheral cuts.
Design allows rider to simply ride up.
Design allows significant cost savings in production.
Design allows single-handed operation.
Design allows uninterrupted movement of hangers for easier selection of garments.
Design allows unobstructed entry and better hand positioning.
Design allows upgrade from semi to full-suspended frame to enhance acoustical performance.
Design allows use of tailgate with net in place.
Design allows visitors to link to all parts of the site without having to return to the homepage.
Design analyses enables solution of complex problems.
Design anticipates later Irish manuscript illumination.
Design appears on front.
Design appears on the front of the shirt.
Design approaches for continuous beams, bridges.
Design approaches in software.
Design approaches that productively engage multiple constituencies, and show results. .
Design attributes to fit the needs of the organization and the end users.
Design becomes fun and compulsive, and gives the designer a concrete sense of progress.
Design beds so that the center can be reached comfortably without stretching.
Design begins the vulnerable state of mind, the beginning of a journey.
Design begins with an evaluation of the product's requirements for function and appearance.
Design begins with define.
Design begins with the individual.
Design believes in the value of narrative.
Design benchmarks for measuring progress.
Design breaks in the program.
Design build and install a hexane distribution manifold for each extractor reduces hexane emissions.
Design build mechanical contractor.
Design build quality facilities to fit our customer's needs.
Design build, fast track.
Design build, 'soft' metric unit construction.
Design builds templates incorporating design features and providing user instructions.
Design CAD with images and textures, texture maps and bitmaps.
Design calendars so that they can be conveniently posted on the refrigerator door.
Design CAN take several forms.
Design changes enhance and expand services offered at the historic aquacourt.
Design changes from studies and interrelated plant issued in time to meet product schedules.
Design changes in the context of the entire system.
Design changes to the existing systems.
Design charges only.
Design classes with low coupling and high cohesion.
Design combined with fabric can create some dramatic and decorative effects.
Design comes drawn and mounted to stretcher bars.
Design comes from local national costumes.
Design comes in two stages, concept and parameters, and detail in execution.
Design communicates ideas, concepts and functions to specific audiences.
Design complements any decor.
Design compliments the project.
Design concerns all things that enter into our field of vision.
Design consists of colored stripes, which cross each other at right angles.
Design contains tools, which allow the issuer or investor to design structures.
Design corrals to move cattle easily.
Design costs money.
Design counters to maximise space between staff and customers.
Design covers a multitude of areas.
Design covers ease of navigation, intrusion of ads and esthetics.
Design covers entire piece except for small area on bottom.
Design covers print, internet, video and cd-rom.
Design covers that meet the client requirements.
Design cutouts for connectors and fabricate the panels and main housing.
Design databases to sort, arrange and compare data.
Design deficiencies with the mode selector switch.
Design demonstrates evidence of research beyond given resources.
Design designing cabinets to function efficiently for the handicapped is a tremendous task.
Design die castings, injection and rotary molded parts, sheet metal parts, and welded assemblies.
Design does creep in.
Design doesnt work that way.
Design drills that emphasize each skill.
Design embraces the applied.
Design encompasses a number of different fields.
Design encompasses just about every phase of law enforcement.
Design encourages the user to stand straight and close to the handlebars.
Design engages both the intellect and the imagination of the designer.
Design enhances communication.
Design enhances the attractiveness of the business district.
Design enhances the visual quality and overall attractiveness of downtown.
Design ensures complete drain of liquor from the machine every time.
Design equals desirability and status.
Design evidences a Designer.
Design evolves with the system.
Design exercises to evaluate hands-on performance.
Design exercises using high-level simulation software.
Design exists at all levels of code down to the granularity of algorithms.
Design experiences to help primary-aged children construct and build knowledge of science.
Design explores various aspects of the design and evaluation of new kinds of video systems.
Design facilitates access to information and aids usability.
Design facilitates accurate and steady placement .
Design facilitates most of the steps of the modeling process.
Design favors simplicity over flash.
Design features As well as using flow charts, footnotes, checklists, etc.
Design features for electric communication.
Design features for individual items of equipment.
Design features for representational communication.
Design features in housing for older persons.
Design features in vertebrate sensory systems.
Design features inherent in interactive on-line instruction.
Design features on newly released money.
Design fixes for engineering problems.
Design focuses on a systematic development of clear, reliable, and practical algorithms.
Design focuses on flexibility, both functionally and technologically.
Design follows conventional practice.
Design follows function, function follows familiarity with a client's lifestyle.
Design follows function.
Design follows rules.
Design forms with accessibility in mind.
Design generates and develops concepts for exhibits, publications, and related support materials.
Design gives static rope high abrasion resistance.
Design glows in the dark.
Design goes on pocket.
Design headings so that they clearly indicate their level.
Design helps to keep it easy with less clutter and options on each page.
Design highlights a shorter length with welt pockets on both side fronts and four silver buttons.
Design imitates old foliants.
Design imposes order.
Design incorporates a reinforcement, which maintains patency during use.
Design incorporates a thinner, flatter topline, a lower toe, a shorter blade length and V-grooves.
Design increases stability and safty features.
Design inhibits snow and ice buildup.
Design insure low loss, well mixed combination of signals.
Design integrates people, their dwellings and the social and natural environments.
Design interfaces for various applications.
Design involves deciding between alternative courses of action.
Design involves selection of aggregate thickness and geotextile.
Design involves true formativity.
Design is adaptable to all kinds of pin tumbler locks, including blade key and tubular key locks.
Design is approx.
Design is by nature an iterative process.
Design is by no means abstract art, but very concretely human and for humans.
Design is content complete aside from bug-fixing.
Design is effective but without aesthetic flourish.
Design is harder, and synthesis is much harder to evaluate as a professional approach.
Design is in color.
Design is in progress for the remaining improvements.
Design is in progress.
Design is on front of shirt.
Design is on front.
Design is on outside flap, and inside flap.
Design is on white.
Design is order.
Design is powder blue, red and black.
Design is under way.
Design isa creation.
Design lacks flair.
Design lacks physical appeal.
Design leaves a lasting legacy.
Design lessons that compel users to apply their new knowledge.
Design leverages manufacturing profitability even more than production.
Design limits their use.
Design matters deeply.
Design maximizes the quality of light for full, straight and even plant growth.
Design minimizes floor space.
Design minimizes material and weight and maximizes strength.
Design minimizes risk of thrombosis, bleeding, and mechanical deformation or kinking.
Design notices on a scale of increasing noticeability from the simple note to the danger notice.
Design objects that can defend themselves.
Design objects that tessellate.
Design occupies a central role in the innovation process, and it includes several concepts.
Design occurs at the atomic or microstructural level of solid materials.
Design offers maximum rigidity and tool area accesses at very competitive cost.
Design outfits for a teenager fifty years from now and one hundred years from now.
Design own and use our hosting services.
Design own dichotomous key.
Design packages to be returnable, refillable or reusable.
Design pages that display consistently across browsers.
Design pages their work on small screens and self-optimize for different display devices.
Design pathways to create commercial success while protecting the environment.
Design permits complex and closely spaced bends in a single tube.
Design permits conventional electrical connection without special adapters or fittings.
Design permits easy individual finger replacement.
Design permits primary to be left in the box during transportation and cleaning.
Design permits quick formation of a loop to aid in-water rescue.
Design permits triggering by index or middle fingers to make scanning easier.
Design plans for a new retail store.
Design plans for a parking lot at the site are underway.
Design plays a huge part in creating the identity of an artist, group, label or club.
Design plays a huge part in our lives, both domestically and commercially.
Design plays a key role in ensuring products both appeal to and satisfy customers.
Design plays a key role in successful growth companies.
Design plays a large part, as laptops get lighter and thinner.
Design plays a major role in almost all aspects of communication.
Design plays a major role in the effective operations of criminal justice facilities.
Design plays a pivotal role in the quality of our cities and the quality of our lives.
Design plays a very important role in the effectiveness of a web site.
Design practices that decrease product development cycles.
Design precedes implementation, in that it comes earlier in the cycle.
Design premises equipment and network service to support business applications.
Design prevents forward movement over the head.
Design principles dealing with air and water pollution control and hazardous waste management.
Design principles for a car free city area.
Design principles given and utilized in a design project.
Design principles to prevent loss.
Design processes so that the safe channel is the one requiring the lowest energy.
Design professionals professional liability insurance.
Design quirks Inevitably, there are peculiarities.
Design reduces strain when lifting from floor level.
Design reduces the risk of radiation leaks.
Design refers to some of the design guidelines for making web pages, graphics, and multimedia.
Design refers to the intended characteristics of the output.
Design refers to the pictorial image of a trade mark design.
Design relies on generating ideas.
Design repeats for the flexo can be as large as twenty five and one quarter inches.
Design reports due.
Design reports, implement usage and train employees and managers to use and monitor results.
Design reports, retrieval queries, and interfaces for systems.
Design requirments timelines and implementation.
Design retrofits and manufacturing techniques to capture savings.
Design roadways to discourage through-traffic.
Design roofs to withstand anticipated loads from drifted snow and layers of ice.
Design rulses and corresponding checking tools are under construction.
Design savvy a plus.
Design seeks to build up.
Design sets constraints and experiments with variables to solve authentic problems.
Design sets meaning into meaningless environment.
Design sets the tone and conveys the potential of the gaming system.
Design shapes carefully.
Design shapes the physical as well as virtual environment of business.
Design shows minimal effort, is messy, and has very little historical relevance.
Design shows no evidence of research above given resources.
Design shows some consistency and some artifacts are included.
Design sketches and photos of the construction in progress.
Design slides specifically for an oral presentation.
Design snowshoes on the computer.
Design spreadsheets templates to prepare budgets, track investments and sports statistics.
Design starts by process geometry.
Design starts with defining the design objectives for the proposed system.
Design stays in until the soaps all gone.
Design stressing functionality and usability creates the backbone of our sites.
Design syntheses of the three target molecules starting with the given epoxide.
Design takes place after editing and all changes are made.
Design takes place before, and throughout, a product development process.
Design takes pride in being an understanding business.
Design takes principles and humility.
Design takes special skill.
Design takes time.
Design templates Allow the separation of form and content and control the look and feel of the site.
Design templates and construct other forms like the pyramid or cone.
Design templates for lesson plans.
Design templates for status reports, time sheets and so forth.
Design templates for visitors, trade shows, events and more.
Design templates to specify the data to be recorded.
Design tends to be more minimalistic and sleek.
Design there is nothing.
Design Think about the structure of the application - the classes and their relationships.
Design Think even more curvaceous, even more translucent, even more tangerine.
Design ties people to society, design invites people, design communicates to people.
Design transforms scientific knowledge into reality.
Design translates space and form into an aesthetically constructed solution.
Design translates user requirements into a database model.
Design trellises into the garden to maximize space for snow peas.
Design varies slightly with size of switch plate.
Design vary according to the type of a characters.
Design windbreaks to meet both conditions.
Design wins every inning.
Design wins for new products imply several years of sales.
Design work even without the use of hands.
Design workbooks for new software and applications for entire support team.
Design works best when it is thought out thoroughly and committed to a goal or set of goals.
Design works with Northeast Ohio communities to create design solutions for urban planning.
Design workshops to market plus help others get on board.
Design workshops to prepare teachers for reform.
Design workshops with biologists as well as student projects are still ongoing.
Designs adapt and improve as the story progressed.
Designs aim to allow accurate and representative sampling within a contained, safe environment.
Designs appear hand-crafted, revealing the essence of the site.
Designs appear on both sleeves as well as the back.
Designs are all original, created in-house.
Designs are almost always floral, often depicting tulips in the later period.
Designs are also available as playful wall accessories without clockworks.
Designs are also available in new zealand nephrite jade.
Designs are also available with integrated slip rings for electrical signals.
Designs are an alligator head with an open mouth and a shark's head.
Designs are apt to change on the spot with the discovery of a rare woodland plant or an osprey nest.
Designs are arrangements.
Designs are available as hand finished, full colour greeting cards, prints and posters.
Designs are available for all occasions and price ranges.
Designs are available for all snow conditions.
Designs are available for higher frequency operation.
Designs are available for large scale blown glass wall sculptures.
Designs are available for process or refrigeration applications.
Designs are available for single and dual overhead-cam engines.
Designs are available for wholesale purchasing by needlework shops and online needlework retailers.
Designs are available in .DST, .EXP, .HUS, .PCS, .PES and .SEW formats.
Designs are available in Ai .
Designs are available in either inlet flow splitting or declining rate.
Designs are available in many designs, such as traditional, contemporary and oriental.
Designs are available in most machine embroidery formats.
Designs are available in other breeds.
Designs are available on both CD ROM or floppy disk depending on the quantity required.
Designs are available on diskette .
Designs are available to commercial sites for a fee.
Designs are available to suit children's bedrooms as well as recreation spaces and sunrooms.
Designs are available with or without a date.
Designs are better now, but refits of existing infrastructure have moved more slowly.
Designs are bold and geometric containing diamonds and black pearls.
Designs are bold, linear, abstract and complex.
Designs are both hand-painted and computer generated.
Designs are by on all office pages.
Designs are classic contemporary in style.
Designs are competitive among the groups.
Designs are complete, but funding has been delayed to support signage and mulch requirements.
Designs are completely around the urn.
Designs are consistent with today's business needs, characteristics, and requirements.
Designs are copied, pots are reconstructed, everything is recorded photographed and drawn.
Designs are creative and elegant while remaining comfortable and wearable.
Designs are customer approved before they are released for manufacture.
Designs are decoration.
Designs are descriptive, correlational, and randomized clinical trial.
Designs are designing.
Designs are done by designers.
Designs are done by system designers.
Designs are dynamic.
Designs are efficient, attractive and economical.
Designs are either copied or adapted from original pieces, often using pictures as a guide.
Designs are either one of a kind, or of limited production.
Designs are elegant but sporty with plenty of chocolate, cream, ivory, beige and navy.
Designs are e-mailed and ordered on the Web.
Designs are endless using wallpaper.
Designs are eye-catching and our colors are striking.
Designs are fast, efficient and readily managed.
Designs are five-color on the back and have the one color logo on the front.
Designs are flexible to fit a variety of applications.
Designs are for all machines.
Designs are for pins, rings, necklaces, crosses, monograms, luggage tags, utensils, and bracelet.
Designs are for sewing or customization.
Designs are FREE if used on homepages only at SW Web Design .
Designs are from all types of patterns.
Designs are from cave paintings, ancient Celtic designs or from other cultures.
Designs are from classical to modern, Oriental or Western.
Designs Are Front And Back.
Designs are fully customizable.
Designs are generally conventionalized animals, but vary from simple geometric to complex pictorial.
Designs are hand carved, then produced using the lost wax casting process.
Designs are hand-drawn using various media.
Designs are highly realistic with many nature pix.
Designs are historic, religious, and dream oriented and are a form of story telling.
Designs are in black and white.
Designs are in the works for completely new lines of nuclear weapons.
Designs are innovative, hip and effortlessly chic.
Designs are just as plentiful.
Designs are just too complex to waste time on a wire wrap.
Designs are less expensive than other retailers.
Designs are like the whole house in a theoretical form.
Designs are limited to a turbine rotor attached directly to the generator.
Designs are limited to the imagination.
Designs are limitless.
Designs are located in plates.
Designs are located in rugs.
Designs are modems and spacious.
Designs are now available for vehicle-stopping capabilities.
Designs are now obsolete about the time that production begins.
Designs are of a red or orange hue outlined in black.
Designs are of many different panel shapes.
Designs are often geometric in shape, but originally elaborate designs of birds, trees, and flowers.
Designs are on white T-shirts.
Designs are one of a kind and never repeated for a truly original work of art.
Designs are original and created during long hours to bring out the feeling of exclusive clothing.
Designs are original and hand-painted.
Designs are original reflections of the rich heritage of the southwest Indian culture.
Designs are prepared to reflect the personality of the owner and the character of the library.
Designs are real.
Designs are red, yellow, or blue horse with riding indian.
Designs are registrable.
Designs are scarce if they exist at all.
Designs are schematic and flat.
Designs are shark, full-length alligator, penguim, and character cartoon shark.
Designs are shirts.
Designs are significantly specialized for the varied environments.
Designs are silk-screened by hand onto pH neutral papers using water soluble inks.
Designs are similar at the rear of the stall.
Designs are simple without sacrificing product performance.
Designs are simple.
Designs are sketchs.
Designs are software development.
Designs are specific for the automation devices.
Designs are specific to clans.
Designs are spectacular.
Designs are subject to change by the developer without notice.
Designs are subject to change without notice.
Designs are subject to minor change without notice.
Designs are subject to national office approval.
Designs are subtle, refined and always striking.
Designs are suitable for all abilities and contain only whole cross stitch.
Designs are suitable for beginers and experts alike.
Designs are suitable for church, party occasions, school, and holidays.
Designs are technically comprehensive, challenging, and interesting.
Designs are the result of research for authentic patterns that especially suit American homes.
Designs are to be appropriate for the silkscreen process.
Designs are to be implemented and demonstrated.
Designs are to be kept in the orgional form.
Designs are to be used as is .
Designs are to be used on youth clothing.
Designs are transeasonal and ultra sexy.
Designs are underway for prototype golf villas.
Designs are underway to build and install wheelchair-accessible raised gardens.
Designs are unique and individually painted, ranging from flowers and flags to stripes and animals.
Designs are unique and transitional to accent any style or decor.
Designs are very good detail.
Designs are whimsical and colorful.
Designs based upon industry standards maximize the integration of building systems.
Designs become crude and are haphazardly executed.
Designs begin with a framework of line, form or mass flowers that outline the finished shape.
Designs call for two atriums, giving the building abundant natural lighting.
Designs can also reveal the clan, moiety and village of the wearer.
Designs can be classical and timeless, or funky and trendy.
Designs can be complex and usually require detailed site investigations.
Designs can be computer-generated, hand drawn or scanned.
Designs can be either plan or perspective view.
Designs can be free in exactly the same senses as software can be free.
Designs can be funny, serious and just plan informative.
Designs can be informal or formal b.
Designs can be large or monogram size.
Designs can be mixed and matched.
Designs can be particularly attractive and effective at maximizing sales.
Designs can be realistic or abstract.
Designs can be unique or can be matched to an existing monument.
Designs can cover entire hands, palm and back, or merely accent a wrist or an ankle.
Designs can end up highly congested and impossible to route.
Designs can help to date furniture, and so can the ways in which the decoration is handled.
Designs can include company logos, astrological signs, or custom-ordered messages.
Designs can include coupons and promotional inserts.
Designs can include partially burying the dome at minimal costs to the structure.
Designs can incorporate wood, glass, ceramic, and other mediums along with metals.
Designs can portray people, animals, flowers and lettering.
Designs can range from small parts to continuous motion machines and automatic assembly.
Designs can take any form.
Designs can then evolve and be manipulated quickly and easily.
Designs can use standard hypodermic stainless steel tubing or select from available alloys.
Designs care in a systematic, logical manner.
Designs change over time.
Designs change over years.
Designs change regularly.
Designs come from ancient gravestones, gargoyles and Celtic art.
Designs come from ideas.
Designs compliment respective family of lighting fixtures.
Designs compliment the schools' identity.
Designs constantly change and evolve to relfect the times.
Designs contain a variety of gourmet food and novelty items.
Designs correct from specifications.
Designs cover virtually every style, size, function and lifestyle category.
Designs create hot spots.
Designs create spots.
Designs curriculum to achieve specific development goals.
Designs curriculum, instructional, and grant materials.
Designs dating from the turn of the century still are in use today.
Designs demonstrate power.
Designs depiet motifs from borders of Medieval Prayer Book.
Designs designs only designs what designs.
Designs desktop, server and network technologies for clients.
Designs differ by application and manufacturer.
Designs differ by metal.
Designs don t happen overnight and inspiration doesn t necessarily just come from within either.
Designs don t have to be fancy.
Designs emphasize small size, reduced weight and superior performance.
Designs ensure reliable performance in severe thermal shock environments.
Designs feature a variety of animals, birds, and flowers.
Designs feature artworks painted by popular artists.
Designs feature cross-stitch, hardanger and specialty stitches.
Designs feature flat surfaces.
Designs feature garlands.
Designs feature image of sturgeon or dam.
Designs feature surfaces.
Designs feature teddy bears, ducks, trains, and pinwheels.
Designs featured here come together in the spirit of celebrating harmonious surroundings.
Designs follow patterns.
Designs follow requirements.
Designs give a cue personality, but have no effect on playability.
DESiGNS gives complete Web site hosting.
Designs go from sketches to physical parts as dreams become reality.
Designs have a religious or secular meaning and can be highly symbolic or realistic.
Designs have advantage.
Designs have benefits.
Designs have brief descriptions.
Designs have compact overall dimensions with maximum cooking surfaces.
Designs have cost.
Designs have descriptions.
Designs have further advantage.
Designs have initial cost.
Designs have sides.
Designs have slight variation.
Designs have some association with the conference site.
Designs have texture.
Designs have to be drawn up, and financing still needs to obtained.
Designs have to be flexible to accommodate changing elements.
Designs have to mesh with the content to offer users what they expect to find.
Designs have variation.
Designs illustrated include randomized blocks, latin squares and factorial experiments.
Designs illustrated include randomized blocks, Latin squares, and factorial experiments.
Designs including logos are a speciality.
Designs incorporate characteristics.
Designs incorporate cross-stitch and blackwork.
Designs incorporate cross-stitch, hardanger, and specialty stitches.
Designs incorporate details.
Designs incorporating both refrigerator and cryostat are available for a variety of applications.
Designs increase numbers.
Designs interventron appropriate to behavioral concerns.
Designs involve assumptions.
Designs involve color scheme and text features and logos, the type of paper use and their thickness.
Designs involve compromises.
Designs involve several assumptions.
Designs involve stages.
Designs involve tests.
Designs involve various stages.
Designs jazz up merchandise mix.
Designs look great on sweatshirts and t-shirts.
Designs look great on sweatshirts and T-shirts.
Designs made by any method on rock surface is called rock art .
Designs make more senses.
Designs make sense, supporting corporate and clinical re-engineering goals.
Designs make senses.
Designs may have advantage.
Designs meet requirements.
Designs menus and menu covers.
Designs offer advantage.
Designs offer knowledge.
Designs play roles.
Designs play significant roles.
Designs play vital roles.
Designs presented here are in the interests of providing information on operational principles only.
Designs provide details.
Designs provide solutions.
Designs rainbow and gay pride jewelry, earrings, necklaces, bracelets and rings.
Designs range form simple hats for newborns to complete outfits for older children.
Designs range from a simple corporate logo to a detailed scene.
Designs range from a soccer ball motif to peace symbols.
Designs range from Amish and traditional motifs to to novelty and seasonal themes.
Designs range from birds to flowers and abstracts.
Designs range from bold to conservative, funky to tasteful.
Designs range from contemporary to traditional.
Designs range from cute to traditional to contemporary.
Designs range from delicate accents to jeweled masterpieces.
Designs range from friars and lion's heads to more minimalist creations that look like bamboo.
Designs range from large to small, simple to intricate, holiday and everyday.
Designs range from New York-style lofts to row houses and detached suburban residences.
Designs range from pets, zodiac, religion, seasonal, wildlife, nature.
Designs range from plain colors and designs to three dimensional scenes.
Designs range from realistic, based on nature, to non-represntational, geometric or flowing designs.
Designs range from simple stars in black and white to exotic artwork in full four-color print.
Designs range from simple to elaborate, depending on the tastes and finances of the consumer.
Designs range from small hand held to large complex neon displays.
Designs range from southwestern to caribbean.
Designs range from spacemen to livestock to windmills.
Designs range from sweet and simple to whimsical.
Designs range from text to display faces by contemporary type designers.
Designs range from the simple to the elaborate and offer a myriad of unique finishes.
Designs range from traditional and period-style to modern with slender and smooth shapes.
Designs range from traditional to modern.
Designs range from very simple to full multimedia presentations.
Designs range from victorian era to contemporary, plus angels, fantasy and more.
Designs range from whimsical to elegant.
Designs range from whimsical to sophisticated, stylized to presentational.
Designs relate to the appearance of products.
Designs reports to fulfill local, state, regional and federal rules and regulations.
Designs represent natural, geometric, human, and animal forms.
Designs require components.
Designs require decisions.
Designs require designers.
Designs requiring lace-on covers incorporate integral lacing bars fully welded to frames.
Designs royalty relief policies and conducts reviews of requests for royalty relief .
Designs sail and power craft for racing, cruising and commercial work.
Designs seen today on ethnic costumes and commercial products are centuries old.
Designs Sign up to receive special offers via e-mail.
Designs sketch of outside of shop using medium of choice.
Designs solve problems.
Designs stress ecological connections and closed energy and material loops.
Designs stylized in water tend to look quite natural.
Designs survey instruments to assess effectiveness of programs and recommends improvements.
Designs survey protocol for field sampling, photo interpretation, and or aerial reconnaissance.
Designs take on their own personality once the wood and the knife meet.
Designs tours to meet the client.
Designs undergo a second round of judging prior to the exhibition.
Designs use analyses.
Designs use full stitches and backstitches.
Designs use instruments.
Designs use optical instruments.
Designs use principles.
Designs using bamboo can successfully work the material in compression on tension.
Designs using themes of Jewish home and religious life are one possibility.
Designs vary according to the type of characters.
Designs vary and some of the older steel girder bridges look somewhat precarious.
Designs vary but are all Celtic.
Designs vary by pack, and three to five re-usable bindis per pack.
Designs vary depending on purpose, and many scientists design and create their own probes.
Designs vary for the table side drapes.
Designs vary from baskets suitable for the whole family to party time.
Designs vary from geometric patterns to ornate scenes with animals and people.
Designs vary from simple initials to intricate coats of arms.
Designs vary from subtle statements of faith to bold evangelistic proclamations.
Designs vary from traditional to contemporary.
Designs vary from traditional to the new and innovative.
Designs vary from tribe to tribe.
Designs vary greatly, many towns having own distinctive style.
Designs vary greatly, many towns having their own distinctive style.
Designs vary greatly.
Designs vary in size, shape and complexity.
Designs vary on halloween buckets.
Designs vary slightly as each piece is hand made.
Designs vary slightly between shirts, mugs and mousepads.
Designs vary slightly.
Designs vary widely among the many disposal programs now under development.
Designs vary with each culture, and even within cultures.
Designs vary with the place of origin.
Designs vary, although most of the inscriptions are of classical Chinese poetry.
Designs vary, but most display appliqued animals like birds, cats, turtles, etc.
Designs vary, with different handles and intricate stained glass patterns on the sides.
Designs work well as quilt designs, as do the other sets above.
Design always operates within parameters of limitation, whether given or self-imposed.
Designs always meet and often exceed client expectations.
Designs often come with pictures.
Designs often employ rows of guls or small medallions.
Designs often incorporate color and historical reference.
All design begins with concept.
All design is a matter of tradeoffs, and the trick is to choose where to draw the line.
All design is copyrighted unless otherwise noted.
All design is everybody's business.
All design is free, work is done time permitting.
All design is subject to entropy.
All design needs the following.
All designs are adaptations of actual buildings located in Wayne and Holmes County, Ohio.
All designs are all inclusive.
All designs are also available in deacon style.
All designs are also available in garden size.
All designs are also available in pure gold, with precious stones.
All designs are available as charts and kits.
All designs are available as rigid mesh screen enclosures without glass.
All designs are available for purchase over the internet.
All designs are available in a full range of standard or custom- made sizes.
All designs are available in any skin tone.
All designs are available in both soft and steel tip.
All designs are available in either brass or nickel-silver.
All designs are available in either gold or silver.
All designs are available in gold or silver.
All designs are available in kit form for the home builder.
All designs are available in larger or smaller sizes.
All designs are available in one-part wallet, duplicate wallet or top stub formats .
All designs are available in pastels, jewel tone, or primary colors.
All designs are available in post or clip.
All designs are available in single part or duplicate.
All designs are available on tee shirts, sweatshirts, mouse pads and framed prints.
All designs are available on T-shirts or sweatshirts in the sizes and colours listed below.
All designs are available on T-shirts or sweatshirts.
All designs are available printed on paper.
All designs are available with and without surprises.
All designs are available with mixed-colour globes or all blue globes.
All designs are black light responsive.
All designs are centerboard shoal drafted sloop and single-handed rigged.
All designs are charts only, unless specified otherwise.
All designs are color coordinated to blend with the heather grey.
All designs are completely unique and limited in numbers.
All designs are computer generated to ensure flawless accuracy and tight fit.
All designs are computer-modeled for optimum performance before committing to valuable plant time.
All designs are contemporary based on ancient and ethnic jewelry.
All designs are creations of the artist creating it at the time.
All designs are custom, and unique.
All designs are different for each application.
All designs are different.
All designs are embroidered on center front chest.
All designs are embroidered on the center front of each shirt and are completely colorfast.
All designs are embroidered.
All designs are exclusive pieces and never duplicated.
All designs are exclusive to each client and manufactured in the Far East.
All designs are for personal, non-commercial use only.
All designs are for private non-commercial use.
All designs are for viewing pleasure only.
All designs are forever in print.
All designs are from our desks, all manufacturing is done in our shop.
All designs are highly durable and satisfy the toughest mechanicalrequirements.
All designs are highly reliable, testable, maintainable, and clearly documented.
All designs are in .dst format.
All designs are in bitmap format and can be used with any program that can view bitmap files.
All designs are in black or dark blue and are silk-screened entirely by hand.
All designs are in color.
All designs are in metric units and some have imperial units as well.
All designs are limited editions so visit often to view our latest fashions.
All designs are limited editions.
All designs are mix and match.
All designs are now in stock.
All designs are on a white T-shirt unless otherwise noted with logo choices below image.
All designs are on semi-translucent white vellum, and the printed images are in white ink.
All designs are one piece for easy application.
All designs are original and authentic.
All designs are original and available in any of the colors listed below.
All designs are original and copyrighted.
All designs are original and hand crafted.
All designs are original and hand incised when the piece is bone dry.
All designs are original and handpainted by the artist.
All designs are original and include fractal computer art patterns.
All designs are original and limited.
All designs are original and unique.
All designs are original art designed by the artist.
All designs are original artwork.
All designs are original,and the jewellery hand made.
All designs are original.
All designs are originals, digitized by the artist and shown to scale.
All designs are originals.
All designs are proofed and tested on several web browsers to meet the latest HTML standards.
All designs are silk screen sublimations.
All designs are silkscreen sublimation.
All designs are silkscreen sublimations .
All designs are silkscreen sublimations.
All designs are solar passive and use only non-toxic, low embodied energy materials.
All designs are specially screen-printed by hand using pigment color inks.
All designs are stand alone, or capable of being put together to make a larger piece.
All designs are subject to availability of materials, and prices are subject to change.
All designs are subject to availability.
All designs are subject to constant review and change.
All designs are subject to the committee's discretion.
All designs are the property of the individual designers.
All designs are the result of painstaking research.
All designs are the same on front and back unless otherwise noted.
All designs are the same price, per item.
All designs are to be neatly and clearly labeled.
All designs are totally safety-focused.
All designs are Unmounted only.
All designs are very easy to stitch and are suitable for complete beginners.
All designs are very unique to the lodging industry and can offer an upscale look for any property.
All designs are visible on both sides of the flag.
All designs are water efficient in plant material, mulches and irrigation.
All designs are wearable, hand fabricated, and functional as eyewear to hold lenses.
All designs are whimsical and cheerful.
All designs assume luminaire heights of fifteen feet.
All designs assume minimal woodworking skills and hand tools.
All designs become the property of the State of Indiana.
All designs become the property of the State of Missouri.
All designs begin with a blank sheet of paper and progress through a series of stages.
All designs belong to the artists listed.
All designs can be customised to suit the individual and new commissionings are welcome.
All designs can be pins or magnets.
All designs capture the essence of history.
All designs come gift boxed with hanging chain and provence card.
All designs come in a variation of shapes and sizes.
All designs come with a simple recipe for non-toxic nectar.
All designs come with full instructions and charts.
All designs do awry, or become diabolical.
All designs enforce an aggressive schedule for implementation.
All designs exhibit a strong artistic influence in conjunction with unbeatable durability.
All designs give subtle performance differences.
All designs have adjustable straps and back closures.
All designs have coordinating accessories, chair pads, pillows, table rounds, etc.
All designs have keys, or legends, usually placed under or at the side of the design.
All designs have the eye in the pyramid logo silk screened on the front pocket area.
All designs have the latest security features to help prevent check fraud.
All designs have the same stability.
All designs have three pleats, side slit pockets and covered buttons.
All designs have to strike a balance between innovative architecture and practical gameplay.
All designs help loosen the hair and dirt while massaging the skin and stimulating oil production.
All designs here are free to use for any purpose.
All designs incorporate features that make the deployed product easy to maintain.
All designs is for original customer use only.
All designs maximise the balance between protection level and comfort over extended wear.
All designs meet federal highway height and width restrictions.
All designs meet or exceed customer specifications.
All designs optimize module manufacturability, testability and reliability.
All designs perform satisfactorily if properly designed and made by a reputable manufacture.
All designs presented here are for example purposes only.
All designs provide a variety of outside and inside pocket configurations.
All designs receive a constructibility review and a full quality control review.
All designs represent any special occasion .
All designs require lofting before building.
All designs seen here are linkware ONLY .
All designs shown are examples of past winners.
All designs shown here are interchangeable.
All designs shown in our web site are our most requested baskets.
All designs take into consideration a business product and website promotion.
All designs use a light gauge metal stud and track, or a pole barn style.
All designs use high quality materials, and are available to purchase online.
All designs vary in color, texture, and appearance.
Any design be custom made.
Any design can be quilted with a machine, it just takes knowledge and practice.
Any design done in red takes on a red persona.
Any design is a plan for order .
Any design is available in any language.
Any design needs to be renewed annually.
Every design assures excellent sightlines and perfect vocal clarity.
Every design begins with listening.
Every design has a meaning and a story.
Every design has a tone - serious, corporate, fun, funky, romantic, ironic or straightforward.
Every design has advantages and limitations.
Every design involves compromise among myriad conflicting requirements.
Every design is a challenge.
Every design is a compromise between weight and strength.
Every design is a hand-crafted, one of a kind creation.
Every design is auditioned for audio performance and sound quality.
Every design is created of solid steel - no cheap components or tedious assembly.
Every design is different.
Every design is hall-marked.
Every design is intended to provide hours of safe and stimulating entertainment.
Every design is made available in a compact version or in standard truck pack sizes.
Every design is made up of lines.
Every design is markedly different in style.
Every design is reviewed in Chico, then revised.
Every design is shown in full colour.
Every design is unique and can be made with virtually any color combination.
Every design is unique, as is every web site.
Every design needs a focal point, to which all other elements relate and are subordinated.
Every design packs a great deal into a compact package.
Every design quietly reflects the spirit of innovation and the innovator.
Many designs are available for the pack portion.
Many designs are available from which to choose.
Many designs are available, and customization is free.
Many designs are interchangeable.
Many designs are like works of art.
Many designs are marketed that are adequate for people, but cause discomfort and pain for llamas.
Many designs are our own copyrighted designs.
Many designs are possible.
Many designs are quite simple using basic electronics.
Many designs are simply unavailable elsewhere.
Many designs are still favorites.
Many designs are tender and touchy.
Many designs fail to complete the mixing in the time available.
Many designs go through several stages before they finally turn into a boat.
Many designs have plush toys, and the colors can be personalized for either a baby boy or girl.
Many designs have sharper, squarer lines, departing from the rounder, smoother, safer shape.
Many designs incorporate a touch screen control system to make all systems integrated.
Many designs incorporate herati, both in the field and in the medallion.
Many designs incorporate scenes with children or llamas.
Many designs rely on an underlying grid to help position the elements on a page.
Many designs require a specific pulse width from input to output.
Many designs require specific routing in certain areas.
Many designs require unique cabinets.
Many designs specify much more glass than needed.
Many designs use PCBs and interconnects already existing on our shelves.
More designs are available.
More designs are currently under development.
More designs are forthcoming.
More Designs are forthcoming.
More designs are in the works.
Most design is of ephemera.
Most designs allow the removal of the tube and counterweight for more convenient transport.
Most designs also allow for enough freeboard to handle unpredictable storm events.
Most designs also ignore the significant tonal contribution of microphone selection placement.
Most designs are a compromise between practicality and energy efficiency.
Most designs are a compromise between what the clerk promised and what is actually possible.
Most designs are also available in sweatshirts.
Most designs are application motivated.
Most designs are available in different sizes.
